
                               1 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

MORE SHADINESS IN FIFA WORLD

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. E-6

LENGTH: 403 words


Prince Ali bin al-Hussein's FIFA election team said it rejected a potentially
illegal offer to help him oust president Sepp Blatter in the election Friday and
informed law-enforcement agencies about the approach.

The challenger's campaign said Monday it was approached by an individual who
offered details on Blatter's finances and claimed to be able to help deliver
dozens of votes in the head-to-head contest for the presidency. It did not
identify the individual.

It said it rejected the offer and informed police authorities, but did not
disclose which country's law enforcement was contacted. PRO FOOTBALL

Two people familiar with the situation reportedly said Tom Brady's appeal of his
four-game suspension for his role in the deflated footballs scandal won't be
heard Wednesday by the 10-day deadline. The collective bargaining agreement
calls for it to be heard within 10 days, but the league and the players union
can agree on delaying the hearing.

* The Chicago Bears released defensive end Ray McDonald after a domestic
violence arrest in California that police say stemmed from an assault on a woman
who was holding a baby. TENNIS

Virginia's Ryan Shane won the NCAA men's singles title, rallying past Wake
Forest freshman Noah Rubin, 3-6, 7-6 (4), 6-1, and Jamie Loeb became North
Carolina's first women's champion, beating second-seeded Carol Zhao of Stanford,
6-2, 4-6, 6-1, in Waco, Texas. GOLF

Alexander Levy of France had rounds of 66-67 to earn one of 11 spots in the U.S.
Open from the sectional qualifier in Surrey, England.

* Alabama's Emma Talley shot a 3-under 69 at the NCAA women's individual
championship in Bradenton, Fla., to become the fifth player to win that title
and the U.S. Women's Amateur. HORSE RACING

Richard Mulhall, a trainer who went on to manage the careers of 2001 Horse of
the Year Point Given and 2002 Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner War Emblem,
died Monday. He was 76. Santa Anita publicity officials said Mulhall died at his
home in Monrovia, Calif., after a long illness. HARNESS RACING

The Meadows Racetrack & Casino increased -- to $7,500 -- the total-pool
guarantee for its Pick 4 wager today as part of the U.S. Trotting Association's
Strategic Wagering Initiative. While $5,000 Pick 4 guarantees are regular
features each Monday and Tuesday, The Meadows upped the ante when the Pick 4
from Friday was uncovered, resulting in a carryover of $1,595.98. First post is
12:55 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                               2 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bernard's ouster shows it's politics as usual

BYLINE: Jeff Olson, @jeffolson77, Special for USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 656 words


Shadiness, duplicity, dubious maneuvering, embarrassing publicity and a leader
kicked to the curb. Or, just another day in IndyCar racing.

After months of rumor and innuendo, when the board of directors of Indianapolis
Motor Speedway voted to fire Izod IndyCar Series CEO Randy Bernard during a
conference call late Sunday,  fans of the beleaguered series were reminded that
politics and those who practice them are still in charge.

"I'm in the dark, and that's unfortunate," Dario Franchitti, a four-time series
champion and winner of three Indianapolis 500s, said Monday. "We're sitting here
talking about the politics of the sport when we should be celebrating that it
was such a great season.

"I think it's very unfortunate the way Randy was treated, but it's not going to
change the on-track stuff. It's still the same on-track product."

Bernard had full support of the board when he was hired before the 2010 season.
He replaced Tony George, who had resigned the position after being fired as CEO
of the family business, Hulman & Company, in a dispute with his sisters over the
family's rapidly receding fortune.

Hailed as a leader far removed from the family drama and unattached to the split
that divided the sport from 1996 to 2008, Bernard focused on expanding IndyCar
racing and its audience. He ushered in a new generation of chassis and multiple
engine manufacturers. The series stopped hemorrhaging money. Things appeared to
be on the uptick.

But the downfall began a little more than a year ago. Bernard devised a
promotion that offered $5 million if a driver could win from a back-of-the-field
starting position. Dan Wheldon accepted the challenge but was killed on the 11th
lap in a 15-car crash at Las Vegas Motor Speedway in October 2011.

Critics ripped Bernard. Too many cars on a track ill-suited for IndyCar racing,
they said.  Bernard took the tragedy and the criticism personally.

Car parts, scheduling and a perceived lack of direction got under the skin of
some team owners. By this June, it was apparent a group of owners wanted Bernard
out. Shortly after a thrilling season finale in Fontana, Calif., in September --
won by Ryan Hunter-Reay, the first American to claim the championship in six
years -- George made it known he was part of a group interested in buying
IndyCar from Hulman & Company.

Whether George was behind Bernard's ouster was unclear; he was not talking. But
when George resigned Oct. 19 from the Hulman board, citing a conflict of
interest, rumors of Bernard's demise blew up.

Then Bernard was fired Sunday. Bernard will be replaced on an interim basis by
Indianapolis Motor Speedway President and CEO Jeff Belskus. Almost immediately,
the board was scolded by the series' most successful team owner, Roger Penske.

"There is no future plan. The series had momentum --  all brought about by
Randy," Penske said. "No business can run with a senior management change every
two years."

The events of the past months -- and the bumbling of the past few days -- have
irked fans, many of whom expressed their ire on Twitter. Public support of
Bernard's ouster is almost impossible to find, and many blogs and tweets
expressed fear that George was angling for a return to power.

Fans' response was swift and largely angry, especially from those who endured
the drama of the 1996-2008 split that continues to linger and damage the sport.

It's not so much the decision to get rid of Bernard that makes one question the
wisdom of those in charge. The financial argument can be made; the series took a
multimillion-dollar hit this year from the mismanagement of a canceled race in
China. The issue of the cost of replacement parts was legitimate, as were
questions about scheduling and direction. But they were hardly firing offenses.

The real damage comes in the form of public relations, or the lack thereof. A
once-proud and iconic sport is undone and embarrassed (again) by politics and
those who practice them.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Reed Saxon, AP Ryan Hunter-Reay, right, savors his title Sept.
15, shortly before Tony George expressed interest in buying IndyCar.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MOTOR SPORTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 29, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Hues of shadiness taint ownership deals

BYLINE: TERENCE MOORE

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 650 words


The team reeked. Only air was in most of the blue seats throughout the stands,
and the boring atmosphere would cure insomniacs.

So, between leaving Philips Arena back then in early 2000 after more ugliness
for the Hawks and reaching his car, Bruce Dobbs started to brainstorm with a
couple of his pals.

Why don't we combine our resources with others, purchase the Hawks and make them
relevant again to the masses?

There was silence. "Afterward, we laughed, and then we talked about some of the
things that could be done," said Dobbs, 49, who huddled with business associates
Porter Bingham and Ronald Brown during the next few days, weeks and months.

Soon, Dobbs and Bingham were using their Atlanta investment banking firm called
the Malachi Group to live the trio's vision. According to Dobbs, they had enough
backing from portfolio managers of corporations and institutional investors to
offer $184 million for the Hawks at the end of 2002.

Dobbs showed me years of correspondence between his people and those at AOL Time
Warner. There even were several e-mails saying the teams weren't for sale, but
you know the rest.

Not only are the Hawks, Thrashers and Philips Arena for sale, they're on the
verge of going to Texas auto tycoon David McDavid instead of to the Malachi
Group or anybody else.

The fact that Dobbs, Bingham, Brown and their partners are African-Americans
makes all of this more interesting.

Let's just say pro sports hasn't been heaven for black people seeking ownership.

Try hell. Despite many tries, the late Walter Payton couldn't use his money and
fame to buy an NFL team. There were the failed attempts by Birmingham's Donald
Watkins to wrap his millions around a baseball franchise.

Blacks have been minority owners of NBA teams since Bertram Lee and Peter Bynoe
joined the Denver Nuggets in the late 1980s. Still, Bob Johnson became the first
primary black owner of an NBA team when he acquired Charlotte's new franchise.
He also became the first primary black owner of any team among the four major
pro leagues (NFL, NBA, NHL and baseball).

That's why the following involving the Malachi Group isn't surprising: Those
selling the sports entities for AOL Time Warner are saying one thing about the
Malachi Group's actions since the Hawks, Thrashers and Phillips officially
became available this spring. Those running the Malachi Group are saying
something else --- with proof.

If McDavid can't seal the deal with AOL Time Warner, Dobbs said the Malachi
Group has its checkbook ready. "We're not foolish enough to think that we're the
only ones that [AOL Time Warner] has been talking to," said Dobbs, from a
conference room at the group's headquarters on Ponce de Leon Avenue near the Fox
Theatre.

Then Dobbs smiled, adding, "They haven't told us to go away."

Yes and no. When I contacted Greg Hughes, a spokesman for those in charge of
selling the teams, I got the impression that his bosses take the Malachi Group
about as seriously as reports of three-headed Martians in Smyrna.

"They were given a term sheet that had a date on it for them to submit a bid,
and they didn't return the term sheet in time," Hughes said. "After the McDavid
deal, they sent a letter saying, 'We were planning on making a bid,' but several
other parties did the same thing."

Oh? Among the letters and e-mails from a gigantic file that Dobbs' secretary
dropped between us on the table was a term sheet from AOL Time Warner folks
dated March 24, 2003.

No return date was mentioned.

More correspondence showed that the Malachi Group accepted the conditions on the
term sheet 23 days later. Two weeks after that, McDavid was watching the ink dry
on a pending deal for the rights to point guards and defensemen instead of
hubcaps and carburetors.

Such a coincidence. "He just got there before we did," said Dobbs, shrugging.

tlmoore@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               4 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                  June 3, 2000

A NIGHT AT THE DOGS

LENGTH: 482 words


By Gideon Brooks IF greyhound racing is ever to rid itself of its image of
shadiness, tonight is the night. This evening, for one night only at Wimbledon
in the William Hill Greyhound Derby Final, the bent noses, bundles of readies in
the back bin and unfelt sheepskin collars make way for a Hollywood star and his
entire entourage.

Step forward Mr Vinnie Jones.

Rather inappropriately for the marketing men trying half-heartedly to shake off
the sport's downmarket image, his dog is called Smoking Bullet and named loosely
after the film Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, in which he played Big
Chris, the shotgun-toting East End enforcer.

The mutt scraped through the semi-finals, finishing third by the width of a
Rizla, only to land, it appears, right in the marketing men's foot.

However greyhound racing is, if nothing else, resilient. Britain's second-most
popular spectator sport hasn't rubbed its hands more furiously since Prince
Philip's Camira Flash won the Derby in 1968. Conveniently for the press, this
year they are throwing in an American catholic priest as the owner of the
red-hot favourite, Deerfield Sunset.

Big Chris versus the Big Man - no wonder they're salivating at the prospect.

Jones owns Smoking Bullet with friend John Ward. Their dog starts tonight an 8-1
shot to topple Father Bryan Dalton's 5-4 favourite. For the record there are
four others.

Smoking Bullet's hard-man owner will be at Plough Lane tonight with Jimmy White,
Ronnie O'Sullivan and Rolling Stones Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood in tow. And
he is hoping to leave for Los Angeles to continue the promotion of his latest
film, The Penalty - a British version of Burt Reynolds's The Mean Machine -
nursing "a major headache". With a squad like that by his side that, at least,
seems an absolute certainty.

"I know Bullet is one of the outsiders, but they wrote off Wimbledon before we
won the Cup 12 years ago," Jones said. Wimbledon, of course, went on to beat
Liverpool 1-0 in that 1988 FA Cup Final.

However, getting past Deerfield Sunset might be a little trickier. The 5-4
favourite reached the final of the 1998 Irish Derby and was third to Chart King
in the William Hill final 12 months ago.

His trainer Owen McKenna is son of the legendary Irish trainer Ger, who won the
race with Parkdown Jet in 1981 and Lartigue Note 1989.

And he has a man of the cloth on his side.

Father Dalton wears his dog collar in Florida and, so the story goes, passes
round two collection plates at each service - one for the church and one for the
dog. He, too, will be present to cheer on his runner, although quite what he'll
make of the opposition is not clear.On the one hand, Deerfield Sunset has it all
to do to become the first dog since Lauries Panther 18 years ago to emerge
successful from the hoodoo trap one. On the other, if there is a God...

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2000 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                               5 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    December 13, 1997 Saturday Final Edition

Florida's area code is 911:

BYLINE: William Thomas

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. W5

LENGTH: 755 words


There is a certain shadiness, day and night, about the Sunshine State. South
Florida is now one big bilingual strip mall, trilingual if you include the
increasing number of French fleeing Quebec.

It's a shifty state with a clear and present disingenuous tinge to it. I hate
Florida but you have to go there if you want to get to Key West. I love Key
West, which is closer to Mars than Miami, with more honkytonk bars. Anybody who
thinks there's any connection between Florida and Key West, except a common
licence plate, has never set foot in The Conch Republic.

So I wasn't all that surprised when my Air Transat flight from Toronto to Ft.
Lauderdale landed at 7 p.m. on Thursday, November 20, 1997 and by 8:15 p.m.,
after only 1 hour and 15 minutes of landing in Florida, I was robbed.

Nicely, casually, non-violently, I hasten to add.

They'd have ripped me off sooner but the shuttle bus of InterAmerican Car Rental
took 30 minutes to get me from the airport to their agency lot, a half a mile
away.

I knew something was slightly off center when I walked into the office of
InterAmerican and read the warning on the wall: "It is prohibited to drive our
cars outside the State of Florida."

My question: "Any way I might play cards for a lot of money with the guy who
named this company?"

Apparently not. He's now the President and CEO of TransWorld Airlines. Motto:
"We fly anywhere within the continental United States."

'PRE-OWNED'

And InterAmerican is just down U.S. 95 from Pre-Owned Cars. These can only be
vehicles which the original owners decided they did not want just after signing
the purchase agreements at the dealership and re-sold them right there and then
before driving them home! Otherwise -- THEY'RE FREAKIN' USED CARS! OK?

I pull into a plaza on State Road #84 to purchase my week's supply of sustenance
-- Scotch, a six-pack and a bottle of Champagne -- in a pharmacy, an American
tradition.

From Walgreens, I go next door to Winn-Dixie to buy some groceries and I put my
bag of booze in a styrofoam cooler and leave it at the 10-items-or-less checkout
counter in the safekeeping of two young female clerks.

I quickly grab an armful of goods, return to the checkout counter and there was
my styrofoam cooler -- gone!

"Ah, excuse me Miss? My cooler?"

"Oh, I thought you came and got it.

"No, if I'd come and got it, I'd still have it, except I don't. Yes I am from
Canada but I don't even know Doug Henning."

Now the manager of Winn-Dixie turns out to be a very nice, sympathetic guy but
he's never before been robbed of goods that the store doesn't stock. This heist
broke new ground even in Florida.

Meanwhile, back at Walgreens, where I have to obtain proof of purchase, the
sales lady and I swap stories. Me, robbed in the Sunshine State before I can
break a sweat and her, dealing with a second robbery, her first day on the job.

It's one thing to boost liquor in Florida but if those guys are using
InterAmerican cars as getaway vehicles, they better not try and transport these
stolen goods across state lines or they're in clear violation of their rental
agreement.

The Walgreen lady was nice. The Winn-Dixie manager made good on my losses. I
felt so good about it, I immediately went across the street and stuck up a gas
station, just to try and fit in.

From Ft. Lauderdale to Key West, it was a pleasant, interesting, slightly
devious drive down Interfake 95.

First up is Key Largo which is not really Key Largo but Rock Harbor. The name
was changed to cash in on the hype of same-name 40's flick starring Humphrey
Bogart and Edward G. Robinson. And no, the movie was not shot here.

At the local Holiday Inn, you can take a ride on the African Queen, the original
steam-powered boat used in that same-name movie starring Humphrey Bogart and
Katherine Hepburn, also not shot anywhere near here.

DIVE SHOPS

And it goes on like that for almost half the Keys -- so many miles of dive shops
you can't see the water, more T-shirt joints than beaches, lots of "Liquor Store
Check Cashiers". It's Burger King Boulevard with plastic pickles on the side.

And at Key West, I found out I'd fared better than the late President Harry
Truman who lived part-time in the Little While House here. It's now an American
heritage museum and the curator is still looking for the cretin who stole the
president's bed.

That's right. Somebody, perhaps the guy who got my liquor, is sleeping in
"Give-'em-Hell Harry's" bed.

Florida, where the state bird is a twice-convicted condor.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 1997 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                               6 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            February 2, 2007 Friday

Justice shadiness weakens faith in state government

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 434 words


NOW the people of California have another reason not to trust state government
officials.

An internal agency review, conducted after a request from the Associated Press,
uncovered some very disturbing information from the California Department of
Justice, which concealed tens of millions of dollars worth of contracts with
lobbyists, consultants and legal firms in violation of its own confidentiality
rules.

The California Public Records Act says government documents must be available
for public inspection, but there are important exceptions to protect the privacy
of state employees, attorney-client discussions, reports from law enforcement
and so on. The justice department alone is allowed to withhold contract details
from computer records, such as wiretaps, security systems and the hiring of
expert witnesses.

But this is a case of abusing government policy. Under former Attorney General
Bill Lockyer -- long an East Bay political figure, Hayward resident and now
state treasurer, between 2003 and last year the review found numerous contracts,
many of them no-bid pacts, erroneously labeled "confidential" and omitted from
state records, thus shielding the agreements from public view.

These agreements include two no-bid contracts of $489,000 for The Ferguson
Group, Washington lobbyists whose president is a friend of Lockyer's; a

$2 million contract went to a law firm that donated to Lockyer's political
committees; and more than $1 million in no-bid contracts went for parking spaces
for agency workers. Other items determined "confidential" were earmarked for
storage facilities, copy services and aircraft mechanics, among others.

According to AP, at first the department refused to disclose names of the hidden
contractors. Then it said it would be too laborious to review so many -- 1,700
since 2003 with a value of over $100 million. Finally, officials agreed to
inspect a sample of 131 contracts. The embarrassing fact surfaced that only 12
of the sampled contracts were correctly identified as confidential.

A spokesman for Lockyer said there was no wrongdoing and this was all a big
mistake. Watchdogs, like the California First Amendment Coalition, believe if
it's not "incredible bureaucratic bungling," then something is rotten in
Sacramento and the fox has been guarding the hen house.

The people of California should be outraged at such incompetence and deception
in Sacramento. It makes the state justice department appear as if it's been a
secret wheeler dealer with numerous special interests. Either way, our trust in
state government has once again been violated -- and lowered.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 221 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 18, 2013 Monday

The Road To Graft

BYLINE: In Our View

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 430  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Pennsylvanians have much to be thankful for. Illinois, for instance.

With its generational culture of political corruption, with its unofficial motto
of "Land of Lincoln, where our governors make our license plates," Illinois is
perhaps the only thing stopping Pennsylvania from being the nation's top
political circus.

Last Wednesday, the latest chapter of Pennsylvania's long saga of shadiness went
public with criminal corruption charges announced against eight people with ties
to the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, including the former CEO, Joe
Brimmeier.

A Pittsburgh newspaper Wednesday described Brimmeier as "a fixture in Allegheny
County politics." Lesson one: Be wary of putting political fixtures in charge of
the people's money.

The charges paint Brimmeier as a water-carrier for powerful political figures.
Their names won't surprise you: former state Senate Democratic leader Robert
Mellow, now in federal prison for using tax dollars to run his campaigns, is
one.

Former state Sen. Vincent Fumo, serving a five-year sentence for a 2009 fraud
conviction, wasn't called by name, but it's easy to connect the dots in the
report and identify him as the nameless former state politician who is said to
have directed the flow of graft money and given orders to Brimmeier.

Fumo's co-defendant and aide, Ruth Arnao (also found guilty in his case), was
the wife of former Turnpike Commission Chairman Mitchell Rubin, who was indicted
Wednesday.

The details alleged in the report are as familiar as the names: A "pay-to-play"
scheme where contractors gave secret gifts of cash, travel and entertainment in
exchange for jobs; forced participation in political activity by turnpike
staffers; abuse of privileges.

The political bosses allegedly forced the turnpike to retain or re-hire workers
who were politically connected, some of whom "were fired repeatedly by the
(turnpike) for theft, threatening customers, repeated shortages at toll booths
and failure to report to work," the grand jury wrote.

The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission was created in 1937 to build and run the
Pennsylvania Turnpike. It is a vestige of the old patronage system. Senate
leaders of both parties can treat it as a personal fiefdom because state
senators must confirm members of the commission.

It also is the lone transportation agency in the state not answerable to the
Department of Transportation.

One quick way to break this bad habit already has been proposed: End the
autonomy of the turnpike commission and bring it under PennDOT. Legislation to
do this already has been written. It should be passed.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 20, 2013 Sunday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

BE READY TO TAKE CHIP OUT OF KELLY

BYLINE: BY EBENEZER SAMUEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 708 words


Chip Kelly almost got away with it. Almost.

Thanks to Manti Te'o's dating life smokescreen and a steroid-powered lead block
from Lance Armstrong, Kelly quietly ducked out of Oregon last week to become
coach of the Philadelphia Eagles.

Except we at The Score were watching, observing the shadiness of it all, how he
seemed so set to return to Oregon just days earlier. And then, last week, with
NCAA sanctions looming, Kelly reversed field and Usain Bolted cross-country to
Philly, leaving us, as unofficial deputies of the overpowered Roger Goodell and
the underpowered NCAA, to mete out justice.

Kelly claims the process took so long for noble reasons (he "cares" about the
Oregon players he's ditching), and that the NCAA investigation into Oregon "had
no factor into my decision." But if last week taught us anything, it's that
words only matter when they're told to Oprah. For all anyone knows, Kelly is
running from the sanctions. Or maybe he doesn't like Oregon's next outlandish
uniform. Or maybe he actually wanted to leave college football paradise to run a
4-12 team with an old QB and a defense more invisible than Lennay Kekua.

Either way, in the shoot-first, fight-lawsuits-later way of Goodell, we're
evaluating punishment options, aiming to send a message that potential
program-jumpers won't forget:

SUSPEND HIM

It's the Goodell way. Involved in Bountygate? You're suspended. Break the law?
Suspended. Blocking Goodell's limo in Manhattan traffic? Expect a suspension.

So it should be with Kelly, if Oregon is penalized by the NCAA. The school is in
trouble for an alleged $25,000 payment to Will Lyles, for "scouting services" in
2011, and Lyles told Yahoo! Sports last summer that the Ducks paid for "my
access and influence with recruits." A scrambling Oregon had its own suggested
punishments shot down by the NCAA, and a hearing likely will take place this
spring.

Suspending a pro coach for his college transgressions hasn't been done before,
but it wouldn't be unprecedented. In 2011, Goodell banned Terrelle Pryor for
five games before the former Ohio State star had even been drafted, as
punishment for accepting improper benefits as a Buckeye.

MAKE PHILLY SUFFER WITH HIM

Kelly is hardly the first coach to ditch his old program slightly pre-scandal.
Remember Pete Carroll leaving a soon-to-be-sanctioned USC for Seattle before the
2010 season? And Jim Tressel abandoning Ohio State to take a job as Colts video
replay assistant before the 2011 season, one year before the Buckeyes drew a
postseason ban?

In each situation, the program somehow suffered, while the coach thrived
elsewhere, which is kind of like punishing a 5-year-old for dad's fender-bender
in Times Square.

That shouldn't happen, so let's have the Eagles suffer Oregon's sanctions, as a
reminder to all pro teams that sometimes a coach's past shouldn't make him
available to you in the present.

If the Ducks draw an NCAA fine, the Eagles get one too. Oregon loses
scholarships, Philly loses draft picks. And if Oregon faces a postseason ban?
Eh, Philly's missing the playoffs anyway.

LET HIS DUCKS PUNISH HIM

We could dream up punishments, but we're not the ones hurt most by Kelly's move
East. The players Kelly recruited pay the most, guys like sophomore receiver
Dwayne Stanford II, an Ohio native who left his mother to head west because he
thought he'd be a good fit in the lightspeed offense.

How many players did Kelly promise he'd get to the NFL, as he sat in their
living rooms sipping Pepsi One? How many parents believed that Kelly would take
care of their kids? And how many, deep down, wouldn't mind some vengeance if
Kelly's departure leads to transfers, offensive system changes and a Duck fall
from grace?

Let the Ducks players, with some parental input, decide on Kelly's punishment.
Maybe they were moved by the tears Kelly claims he shed in front of them, and
maybe we cynics at The Score aren't being forgiving enough.

And if they weren't moved? Look out, Chip. College students are far more
creative than we are.

CATFISH HIM

No, it can't possibly be that hard to dupe the 49-year-old, never-married Kelly
into an online relationship with a woman who doesn't exist.

And yes, when the jig is finally up, it will be a painful punishment.

Just ask Manti Te'o.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: If Oregon's football program faces sanctions for things that happened
under Chip Kelly's watch, the new Eagles coach can point to Pete Carroll as an
example before NFL comes calling to throw yellow flag. Photos by Getty & AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                               9 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              July 31, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Clout: Time to reform the DRPA?

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com News; Pg. 06

LENGTH: 837 words


THINGS HAVE BEEN a little crazy here lately, with the indictment of U.S. Rep.
Chaka Fattah sapping our limited resources.

But there has been some fallout from our Wednesday story about Whitney White,
the mysterious entrepreneur fired from a Chester government post in 2012 who
resurfaced at the Delaware River Port Authority this year when Gov. Wolf
appointed him as a DRPA commissioner.

We reported that White's "think tank," the Global Institute for Strategic
Investment, actually is located in the basement of a Northern Liberties rowhouse
with four tax liens. White, who has filed for bankruptcy at least four times, is
behind a network of apparently failed companies that had sought to purchase
bio-preferred goods and resell them to the government for a profit.

Standard-issue shadiness, basically.

After the story ran, DRPA spokesman Kyle Anderson got on the horn and wanted to
put as much distance as possible between White and DRPA Chairman Ryan Boyer,
another Wolf appointee who serves as business manager for the Laborers' District
Council.

We were told by Wolf's spokesman that Lt. Gov. Mike Stack had recommended White
as commissioner. Stack also supported Boyer as chairman of the debt-ridden
agency, which operates toll bridges between Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Stack's
spokesman told us that "White and Boyer have known each other for a long time,
so Lt. Gov. Stack thought they would work well together."

Whoa, whoa, whoa, Anderson said. A long time? Known each other? White and Boyer
do know each other, Anderson said, but they don't know each other.

Anderson said Boyer doesn't have a strong relationship with White and didn't
recommend White for the commissioner's spot. They're more like acquaintances, he
said.

Just so we're all clear, then, these two are not BFFs. They're not, like,
knocking back beers in White's basement . . . er, think tank.

Yesterday, the Daily News story on White made waves in New Jersey, where Senate
Republicans were waving it around to build support for a bill to reform the
DRPA.

"Today's Daily News expose is yet another example of why the DRPA, with its
continuing history of corruption, cronyism, waste, abuse and billions of dollars
in debt, simply cannot operate unchecked," Assistant New Jersey Senate
Republican Leader Joe Pennacchio said in statement.

Correction, sir. Not "billions." The current debt is $1.6 billion.

Derek Green's new side job If you've been skimming the business briefs, you
might've noticed that the law firm Obermayer Rebmann Maxwell & Hippel recently
hired Derek Green, the soon-to-be City Councilman.

"We are excited that Derek has joined the firm," Obermayer Chairman Thomas
Leonard said in a statement. "His strong background handling a variety of
litigation matters will be an asset to our clients."

How strange, we thought.

Why would a law firm that does business in Philadelphia want to hire a guy who
is going to have a new full-time job in City Hall next year? What possible
benefit is there to having a lawyer on your staff with direct influence over
city policy and access to all kinds of movers and shakers?

Just goofy. We can't figure it out.

Then you got Councilman Brian J. O'Neill, who is counsel at the Fox Rothschild
law firm. And Bill Green, the former councilman and current School Reform
Commission member, who is of counsel at Dilworth Paxson. Hey, that's where
corrupt ex-Sen. Vince Fumo was of counsel, using his political influence to
bring in tons of government business to the law firm.

Surely, Obermayer wouldn't want Derek Green to do anything like that, right?

Flashback to Boobgate The 85-page Fattah indictment also ensnared Herbert
Vederman, a lobbyist who served as the finance director on Fattah's failed 2007
mayoral bid.

Vederman is accused of giving Fattah an $18,000 bribe in return for an
ambassadorship or an appointment to a federal trade commission.

If you're of a certain age, you might remember that Vederman once was linked to
another Philly political scandal: Boobgate.

Back in 1995, Vederman - who at the time was a deputy mayor under Ed Rendell -
made headlines after he arranged a bachelor party for his cousin at a Center
City restaurant, and another Rendell staffer asked Frank Antico,
then-enforcement chief at the Department of Licenses and Inspections, to provide
some strippers.

Antico, who had an infamous reputation for spending a lot of his free time at
local strip clubs, happily obliged.

The episode outraged a number of female City Hall staffers, who complained about
an unchecked boys-will-be-boys culture in Rendell's administration.

Vederman laid low for a while but didn't resign, even as the Inquirer reported
that a stripper had "dropped her breasts atop his head 'like a hat.' "

Rendell defended Vederman at the time, telling the Daily News: "I think because
of the high tension and stress and the constant pressure we work under, people
have a good time."

Philadelphia, everybody!

- Staff writers William Bender

and David Gambacorta

contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 14, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CAMPAIGN MONEY TREE YIELDS LOTS OF FRUIT, LITTLE SHADINESS

BYLINE: Tim Poor

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 06A, TIM POOR COLUMN

LENGTH: 728 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


SEN. ARLEN SPECTER got it about right at the Senate's hearings on campaign
financing.

"One of the difficulties is connecting the dotted lines," the Pennsylvania
Republican said.

As the hearings resume this week, Specter and his GOP colleagues on the Senate
governmental affairs panel are hoping they can make those connections a little
more directly, in order to prove their suspicions of a foreign influence-buying
scandal.

Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois and other Democrats on the committee doubt that
will happen.

The only witness last week was Richard Sullivan, a fresh-faced Democratic
fund-raiser who got his start with Dick Gephardt's 1988 presidential bid and
went on to raise money for Gephardt's St. Louis campaigns and his political
action committee before moving to the Democratic National Committee.

Sullivan said he didn't know about any illegal activity in his two years with
the DNC, but he didn't quite exonerate his party. Sullivan had been nervous
about hiring John Huang, the prime suspect in the would-be scandal. Huang was
the Commerce Department exec who wanted to be a fund-raiser in the worst way,
and who got his wish after President Bill Clinton gave him a job reference.
Sullivan said the committee's lax procedures to check on the source of
contributions helped permit practices by Huang that were questionable enough to
prompt the party to return millions of dollars in contributions he secured.

A fund-raiser at a Buddhist temple and the presence of Chinese guests at one of
Clinton's radio addresses added to Sullivan's anxiety, though he said he never
became aware of anything overtly crooked.

He knew nothing, for instance, of foreign deposits made to the accounts of
Democratic contributors shortly after they gave big sums to the party. Committee
Chair Fred Thompson threw that and other "evidence" in near the end of the week,
in an attempt to bolster his earlier promise of a Chinese plot to subvert
American foreign policy.

But the dots are far from connected, as Democrats on the committee pointed out.

"Our search for the Chinese connection and the international conspiracy will
continue," Durbin observed sardonically. "Maybe our next witness will lead us a
little closer to that goal." The one portion of Sullivan's testimony that Durbin
found troubling was on the subject of contributor Johnny Chung, who attended a
Clinton radio address with some of Chung's Chinese associates. Sullivan had
smelled something rotten in Chung's request to attend, coincident with a big
donation, and vetoed it. Someone at the White House overruled him. "I want to
know who that was and why," Durbin said.

At this point, Durbin's of the mind that Democratic misconduct didn't go beyond
a few overzealous men and women. That was the point of his questioning Sullivan
on the Buddhist-temple event, which featured Vice President Al Gore. Sullivan
maintained that he told Huang it was not to be a fund-raiser and said that he
wouldn't have attended if he'd known it was.

Not all of the questions surrounded foreign money. Sullivan sounded foolish when
he tried to make the case that the coffees at the White House with Clinton were
not "fund-raisers," although they were held for the purpose of raising funds. It
was a distinction only a lawyer (he's studying for the bar) or a politician
could make.

Yet it was one with which the Democrats seemed comfortable, especially since
they could point out that Republicans - including several on the committee -
have excelled at selling access to their leaders over the years.

Durbin noted that the senators "have spent hour after weary hour raising money .
. . eaten bowl after bowl of Senate bean soup with people in hope that next week
they'll contribute to their fund-raisers, and people sit here incredulous at
what happened at the national Democratic committee."

"It's up to people on this side of the table to change the system, to reform it
and make it cleaner," said Durbin. Later, he said that Republicans had been
unable to pin the blame on Clinton and the Democrats. "Every time they raised a
question, there was ample evidence they had engaged in the same thing or worse."

The Democrats' "everybody-does-it" response may well be successful in deflecting
heat from their party. Whether it will help get the reforms they say they want
remains to be seen..

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              11 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

NFL TEAM DOCTORS GET 'PIECE OF MEAT' BACK ON FIELD, PRONTO

BYLINE: Mike Biachi, Orlando (Fla.) Sentinel<br>

SECTION: C; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 733 words


The three worst-kept secrets in recent sports history:

No. 3: The cowardly NBA has known for years that Donald Sterling was a racist,
but never did anything about it until there was public outrage.

No. 2: Urban Meyer didn't really leave the University of Florida because he
wanted to spend more time with his family.

And No. 1: The NFL has been treating its players like a bunch of cattle going to
slaughter for years.

What's amazing is that it's taken this long for the latter to finally come out
of the murk and shadiness of the football locker room and into the public light
in the form of recent class-action lawsuits against the NFL.

Last summer the NFL agreed to a $765 million settlement deal with thousands of
former players who sued the league for hiding the dangers of concussions and
brain injury while profiting from the sport's violence.

This summer brings a new lawsuit filed by former players who say the
money-hungry NFL illegally supplied them with addictive narcotics that numbed
their injuries so they could play in games and then led to future medical
complications. The suit also claims the league administered the drugs illegally,
without prescriptions and without warning players of the side effects, in order
to hasten the return of injured players and maximize league profits. In some
cases, players say they were never told about broken legs and ankles and instead
were supplied drugs to camouflage the pain.

Brad Culpepper, a former University of Florida and Tampa Bay Buccaneers
defensive tackle who is now a high-powered attorney in Tampa, says you can
expect the NFL to settle this suit as well. Why? Because anybody who's ever
played in the league knows that the allegations in the lawsuit are essentially
true.

"NFL teams don't want their guts on the table for everybody to poke at,"
Culpepper said. "They don't want people to know how they regulated things. They
don't want people to say, 'Wow, you did what? How Neanderthal is that?'"

Culpepper is not even involved in the current lawsuit, but he was one of the
thousands of players involved in the concussion lawsuit. He knows firsthand what
the league's unofficial mantra is: "Come rain, come sleet, come broken bones and
brain trauma, the NFL show must go on."

Culpepper says he had prescription drugs doled out to him not by doctors but
trainers and assistant trainers who somehow, someway, have bucketfuls of these
dangerous narcotics at their disposal. Culpepper often tells the story of his
second year in the league when he was on the Minnesota Vikings kickoff-return
unit in a three-man wedge formation against the San Diego Chargers. He was
running full speed - as was the San Diego linebacker whose job it was to bust
the wedge. The resulting head-on collision was so violent that it bent
Culpepper's facemask into his face and knocked him out cold.

He spent the night in the hospital with a concussion but was back practicing in
full pads two days later and played the very next week. Culpepper became part of
the concussion lawsuit because it's been documented that NFL doctors had medical
evidence of the seriousness of brain trauma but did nothing to inform players of
the long-term ramifications.

Personally, I've always thought the concept of "team doctors" was a huge red
flag for conflicts of interest. The fact is many medical practices actually pay
for the right to be the "official team physicians" of prominent sports
franchises in their cities.

This leads to all sorts of questions. Shouldn't pro teams be paying for the best
medical care money can buy instead of selling their medical care to the highest
bidder? Are NFL teams employing the most highly skilled doctors or the most
highly billed doctors?

"Doctors either pay the teams or are paid by the teams and are able to put on
their office door: 'Official team doctor of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers,'"
Culpepper said. "Of course, they're going to do what the owners and coaches want
them to do, and that's get a piece of meat back on the field as quickly as
possible."

Isn't it comical that the NFL suspends players for smoking a little marijuana
but doles out dangerous prescription drugs like they're Halloween candy?

One of the worst-kept secrets in professional sports is finally out in the open.

Instead of the Hippocratic Oath, it seems the NFL's medical practices have been
bound for decades by the Hypocritic Oath.

TYPE: Commentary

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              12 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                       June 4, 2005 Saturday City Edition

Lead characters near perfection in season's first Muni performance

BYLINE: NICK ROGERS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 661 words


It's easy to fight preconceptions of what "The Sound of Music" should be when
you have none.

Prior to Friday's opening night of the musical at the Muni, I'd seen neither the
stage version nor the movie adaptation. So it was in the hands of director Ed
Smith and his cast to prove to these fresh eyes what all this fuss has been
about for 45, going on 46, years.

In breakthrough lead performances as Maria Rainer and Georg von Trapp, Monique
Davis and Jim Leach are just about perfect - separately in singing and character
development, and together in their soul-mate connection. Their hesitance at love
as a break from rigid rules of perceived righteousness is conveyed both through
warm, pitch-perfect singing and convincing chemistry.

As the hanger-on opportunist Max, Roger Holmes offers a zippy touch of comedic
shadiness. And the seven young actors and actresses playing the von Trapp
children deliver winning performances, despite a book that cares about
establishing only half of them as individuals.

In place of that, there's a great deal of flab. In its later stages, the first
act drags heavily. The second-act wedding scene shows off the nun chorus's vocal
skills and proficient Latin pronunciation but is too long a plot break.

And apart from Max's political handwringing and the vicious emotional 180 pulled
by teenaged Rolf (C.J. Stephens), any Nazi sympathizers are characterized by
one-note work, inconsistent or nonexistent accents and stiff line readings.

It will be no surprise to those familiar with Smith's smaller-scale dramas that
the meatiest moments are those of the repressed, then joyously open, love shared
by Maria and Georg. Their duet on "Something Good" will be tough for any other
onstage couple to top in this, or any, year.

Greater heft could be wrung from the fact Georg has forgotten the power of music
and finds it is the only thing that can save his family.

But Leach uses his stunning singing voice and subtle physicality to suggest
Georg's softening. He gradually lessens his regimental speech patterns and body
language as his love grows.

Davis embodies Maria with tenacious energy but also the doubt of whether what
she's doing truly is good.

And the actress effortlessly works her way through songs with loads of
expectations - "The Sound of Music," "My Favorite Things" and the tricky
yodeling of "The Lonely Goatherd," just to name several.

Heck, everyone's songs come with expectations, and vocal director Michele DeLong
has done a fine job with all involved.

In addition to offering a convincing mother figure for Maria, Gina Swickard's
Mother Abbess has one tremendous set of pipes. Her sterling work suggests
nothing of the painful illness the actress is performing through.

Stephens and Stephanie Fahey, playing eldest von Trapp daughter Liesl, endow
their performance of "Sixteen Going On Seventeen" with the right amount of
playful flirtation and female empowerment.

It's too bad their characters' love, doomed by Third Reich ideology, ends up as
just a grace note.

Like a box of Oreos, there perhaps is comfort for many audience members in "The
Sound of Music's" excesses. That still doesn't mean you should eat cookies all
the time; at the risk of suggesting staging sacrilege, the production could cut
a few empty calories and be better for you.

It's worth noting that "The Sound of Music" only occasionally got swallowed up
in "The Sound of Muni." Microphones dropped less frequently than normal,
although it still was distracting when it happened. A new sound system
reportedly will be ready by "Ragtime," the season's second show.

"The Sound of Music" continues at 8:30 tonight, Sunday, Wednesday-Friday and
June 11-12 at the Muni, 815 East Lake Drive.

Reserved seating tickets are $10, and lawn seating is $6 for adults, $5 for
students and seniors 60 and older and $3 for children 12 and under.

For tickets or more information, call 793-6864 or 529-5787.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              13 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 14, 2007 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Time to ... |

BYLINE: By Michael Martin Mills; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; Inq Col Michael Martin Mills; Pg. E06

LENGTH: 416 words


Get back into the planting mode. Longer, cooler nights greatly lessen the stress
that is the norm in hot summer. For existing flower and shrub beds, decide what
needs to be removed, either because of feebleness or inappropriateness. Avoid
sentimentality - scraps of declining perennials augur a dubious future. With the
resulting space, plant intriguing newcomers. Take into account increased
shadiness as the young trees you planted back-when have matured. Do not
fertilize new plantings.

Rejuvenate the lawn. First, get rid of major weed encroachments (if you use
herbicide, wait 10 days before sowing seed). Use a sturdy rake to remove dead
turf. Mow shorter than usual. Scrape bare spots to loosen soil. Buy the
expensive grass seed - it's worth it - getting a sun or shade mixture as
appropriate. (Fescues do better in this region than Kentucky bluegrass.) Sow by
hand, water gently, keep watered, and do not mow until the new grass is at least
three inches tall.

Give evergreen trees and shrubs priority for planting. Deciduous shrubs and
trees can wait till leaf drop.

Divide spring- and summer-blooming perennials. (Fall-bloomers are divided in
early spring.)

Plant bulbs as they arrive, because your house is a crummy storage area compared
with the ground. Plant colchicum, fall-blooming crocus, and fritillaria right
away. Among spring bulbs, narcissus take priority over tulips. Mark each clump
so that in summer and fall of 2008 you don't inadvertently dig into them.

Think of garden center mums as annuals. Due to heavy treatment with growth
regulators and fertilizers, they rarely survive the winter. Yes, it's possible;
just don't count on it.

Take notes on other people's fall-bloomers that you wish you had. Don't try to
buy them now; in spring, take your notes to a good garden center or nursery.

Make your carrots and parsnips even sweeter by waiting to harvest them till
after frost.

Withhold all water from last year's Christmas amaryllis for six weeks.

Begin to inspect and wash houseplants that have summered outdoors and then bring
them inside. Even though frost may be weeks away, the plants do better if they
don't have to make a radical adjustment to a warm, dry house.

Postpone pruning of shrubs till late November.

- Michael Martin Mills Next week, answers to gardening questions. Write to
Michael Martin Mills, The Inquirer, Box 41705, Philadelphia, 19101 or
gardenqanda@earthlink.net. Please include locale. Read his recent work at
http://go.philly.com/michaelmartinmills.


LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            October 24, 2003, Friday

GLOSSIES AND THE GOOD LIFE

BYLINE: BY TOBY YOUNG

SECTION: Section W; Page 15, Column 4

LENGTH: 42 words


Toby Young commentary, noting the furor over corporate malfeasance, argues that
few industries can match the ethical shadiness of the editors of New York's
glossy magazines; chronicles the pervasive influence of advertisers on editorial
content (L)

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: EDITORIAL COLUMN

              Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              15 of 221 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Hard work gave life to vision of downtown Fayetteville

BYLINE: Gregory Phillips, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1898 words


Sept. 05--When Army brat Malia Allen returned to Fayetteville in 1995, her
mother said she had better not catch the 18-year-old downtown.

"Why, Mom?" Allen remembers asking. "What's downtown?"

The response came in a whisper.

"Prostitutes and bars."

In truth, most of the prostitutes and bars were gone by 1995. But so were most
of the people.

Downtown's reputation as a lurid blend of neon-lit topless bars, violence and
crime lingered, enough to leave Hay Street a ghostly place, the promised
revitalization painfully slow to gain momentum.

But the overhaul of downtown could not have begun until Hay Street was rid of
what then-Mayor Bill Hurley called its cancer -- the 500 block, the most
concentrated strip of shadiness in the state.

"Nothing good can happen until you get rid of that," he said. "This was our
image in the whole state and even the whole nation, because of the GIs. That was
the sad thing about it."

It was 30 years ago this summer that Fayetteville held an impromptu party to
watch the wrecking balls swing into the first of those notorious establishments.
That event was one of several fronts in the fight to revive downtown's fortunes
that year, along with the first Dogwood Festival and the dedication of a statue
honoring the Marquis de Lafayette, the Revolutionary War hero for whom the city
was named.

This weekend, many of the surviving city leaders of that era will gather to
rededicate that statue as part of the annual Lafayette birthday celebration and
to remember how the battle to revitalize downtown began.

By the late 1970s, Hay Street had faded from the postwar boom that buoyed many
American downtowns. All the department stores except the Capitol had been
tempted away by Cross Creek Mall.

The district was left with little but topless bars and tattoo parlors.

"They even had a topless tattoo parlor," said John Smith, the former city
manager. He knew downtown's reputation when he came to Fayetteville as an
assistant city manager in 1977, "but it was still a pretty amazing scene down
there at night. It was rip-roaring back then."

Bruce Daws is the city historian, but in the late 1970s he was an undercover
narcotics officer who worked on Hay Street. He remembers the bright neon lights
of the topless bars, one after the other along the 500 block and beyond.

"The sidewalks would be teeming with people just milling about," he said. "There
would be fights that would break out, both along Hay Street and the back
streets."

On payday, the ranks of local prostitutes would be swelled by women from out of
town brought in to take money from GIs flushed with cash.

A military policeman was stationed at City Hall to process all the soldiers who
would be arrested on Hay Street. There was a dedicated paddy wagon to ferry them
back to Fort Bragg.

The doors of the Prince Charles Hotel were constantly being kicked in by police
conducting raids.

"For law enforcement people, it was one-stop shopping for all kinds of
criminals," Daws said.

John Swope, an industrial developer for the chamber of commerce who helped tempt
the Kelly-Springfield tire plant to Fayetteville, told Hurley about a company
from which he had a verbal commitment to come here during the 500 block's
inglorious days.

"Much to his dismay, the CEO of this company flew in unannounced with his family
one weekend and saw our downtown," Hurley said. "It killed the project."

Something had to change, but demolition was not the only tack taken. The
Downtown Merchants Association tried to reason with club owners.

"We went to them with a pitch that if they would clean up their act, get rid of
the overt prostitution and the drugs, that we would help promote that section of
downtown for the night life," said John Malzone, who was then president of the
association. "We just couldn't get them to budge."

Hurley became mayor in 1981, toppling popular incumbent Beth Finch on the
promise that he would do something about the 500 block. But he had no clue how
to do it.

"I'm not a developer. I had no earthly idea," he said. "I just knew there were a
lot of people in Fayetteville who agreed with me."

Smith, who became city manager in 1980, was one of them.

"There was a lot of inertia," remembered Smith, who is now retired and lives in
Asheville. "There had been some plans made, but there were so many moving parts
that nothing ever got done."

What the effort needed, Smith said, was a start. Just some achievable goal, even
if all the pieces were not in place.

M.J. Weeks had the same perspective. Bernard Stein, owner of the Capitol, and
fellow entrepreneur Bobby Allen had persuaded Weeks, a real estate developer, to
run Fayetteville Progress Inc., the first downtown revitalization group.

"I always told them the only way it was going to happen was you had to make a
big statement with something," Weeks said.

But the 500 block seemed insurmountable.

"It was bigger than one person," Weeks said. "It was too many angles, too much
to overcome."

Weeks worked his connections with North Carolina National Bank -- now known as
Bank of America -- to generate funding for a complex of upscale housing atop
Haymount Hill, which looked down on the 500 block.

But Weeks knew the project's potential tenants would not want to live that close
to the bars, the neon and the prostitutes.

"He told John Smith and the council, 'If you get rid of the drugs and
prostitutes at the bottom of the hill, I will develop 700 Haymount,' " Hurley
said. "That was the catalyst the city needed."

Not that it was an easy choice. The council could not use federal urban renewal
grants to buy the properties because those funds included relocation assistance
for uprooted businesses.

"The object was to try to get rid of some of that mess," Smith said. "We didn't
want to just locate it someplace else."

Instead, the council put up $3 million in local money and City Attorney Bob
Cogswell went to work negotiating with some 27 business owners.

Some questioned the hefty investment in downtown.

"It turned out to be a popular project, but there were a lot of questions about
it when it first arose," Smith said. "It took political courage."

On July 28, 1983, Hay Street "took a tumble," as described in the slogan on pins
people wore that day. A crowd cheered as a wrecking ball smashed into the first
of the 500 block buildings.

"I really think a lot of Fayetteville just suffered through a horrible
reputation and a horrible self-image," Smith said. "I think a part of that party
down there was the people of Fayetteville saying, 'We can turn this image we
have around.' And the biggest part of that image is these two blocks of Hay
Street. That's what everybody sees and judges Fayetteville by."

Also that year was the first Dogwood Festival, headed by Malzone. Operating on a
shoestring budget, a committee brought a host of existing events under one
umbrella for a weeks-long celebration of the city and county.

"There are those people who have always loved Fayetteville," Malzone said, "but
there are those people who have always wished they were someplace else, in those
days especially. So it was a bit of a challenge."

The festival survived and ultimately thrived. A cornerstone of the first one was
the dedication of a statue in Cross Creek Park on Green Street commemorating the
Marquis de Lafayette. For those who led the city at the time, the statue stands
as a monument to a belief in downtown's future.

Martha Duell came to Fayetteville from France after marrying an American soldier
during World War II. She had established the Lafayette Society in 1981 and set
about raising money to have the statue built for Cross Creek Park.

But Duell did not seek pledges from the city's high rollers.

"She did it the hard way, with bake sales and various little fundraisers," said
Hank Parfitt, a downtown merchant and current Lafayette Society president. "By
1983, she had raised enough money to have a dadgum statue out there. That's
incredible."

"I wanted it to be a gift from the citizens and not from the big shots," Duell
said. "So a lot of people helped build, helped put the statue up there, and
that's what makes me feel good."

Eventually, Cross Creek Park became part of the Linear Park trail, one of dozens
of downtown improvements in the past three decades, large and small, public and
private. Some proved more popular than others.

Hurley caught a lot of flak for the dozens of expensive cast-iron pots that
appeared on Hay Street one Sunday morning. They had been ordered by an architect
overseeing the beautification project. A reporter overheard a councilman
referring to them as Hurley Pots, and the name stuck.

"Now I have to explain to my eight grandchildren why their name is associated
with all these pots," Hurley said. But he feels time has vindicated them.

"It took Raleigh 20 years later to get their pots," he said. "We blazed a
trail."

Though the leafy, paved Hay Street concourse is far removed from the chaos of
yesteryear, downtown still doesn't bustle the way the leaders of 1983 expected.

"We were hoping, I guess, that once we got rid of all of that, that people would
come back to the downtown area," Hurley said.

But they didn't. Not in large numbers, not for years.

"It was excruciating," Smith said.

Gradually, developments followed: Closing the Hay Street mall to traffic, then
reopening it; an All-America City Award in 1985; new City Hall, Police
Department and Public Works Commission buildings; the Airborne & Special
Operations Museum that squashed what was left of Hay Street's bawdy past; the
mixed-use development on the 300 block.

Downtown groups advocated for the district. Robin Kelly pushed for a 10-cent
downtown tax to support it and also fought to save some of the historic facades.
Investors such as Ralph Huff and Menno Pennink kept faith in the area.

There also have been failures: The Docks at the Capitol project; the struggles
of the Hotel Prince Charles to stay viable; the doomed plans to build an art
museum.

But slowly, steadily, commerce has once again taken root downtown. Allen, the
Army brat who came home in 1995, moved her Bumbledoo baby boutique to Hay Street
from Franklin Street in July.

"I love it," she said. "I'll never go anywhere but downtown."

Stephen Wheeler has watched it all from Holmes Electric, a cluster of family
businesses that has operated from the 100 block since 1908.

"It was a bustling center, then it became sporadically used center," Wheeler
said. "It was a ghost town; now it's a thriving new downtown again."

Wheeler said his family often discussed moving the businesses, but his father,
Luke, was a steadfast believer in downtown and gave up a lot of business to stay
there.

"My dad said one time he wanted to make sure he stayed and supported downtown,"
Wheeler said. "He knew it was going to get bad, but he believed in downtown."

Wheeler said he has seen other derelict downtown districts bounce back fast with
new identities. Hurley reckons that should be put in perspective.

"It seems like a long time," he said. "But not when you've got a town as old as
this."

Especially since one part of downtown had to die so the rest could be saved.

"I guess," Smith said, "you had to destroy the village to save it."

Staff writer Gregory Phillips can be reached at phillipsg@fayobserver.com or
486-3596.

___ (c)2013 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130905-FY-Hard-work-gave-life-to-vision-of-downtown-Fayetteville-0905-20130905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2013 The Fayetteville Observer


                              16 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Good Bad Man to Have Around

BYLINE: By MEGAN ANGELO

SECTION: Section AR; Column 0; Arts and Leisure Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1030 words


The most terrifying moment in the premiere episode of ''Bloodline,'' Netflix's
dark new drama, occurs when the actor Ben Mendelsohn stands up.

Mr. Mendelsohn plays Danny Rayburn, the eldest son in a powerful Key West
dynasty. Danny, who has been away from home for a long while, is a calculating
drifter with an inherent shadiness that feels extra jarring in the South Florida
sun. So when he rises to give an impromptu toast at a formal dinner for his
family, so does the fear in the eyes of his younger brothers, the protective
John (Kyle Chandler) and the hotheaded Kevin (Norbert Leo Butz); his sister, the
peacemaking Meg (Linda Cardellini); and his weary parents (Sissy Spacek and Sam
Shepard). The date Danny wasn't supposed to bring drunkenly giggles, and the
guests smile, but the Rayburns -- and the audience -- can feel the danger.

''Danger'' is one of the three words people who have worked with Mr. Mendelsohn,
the Australian actor who gained notice in the United States in 2010 with his
role in ''Animal Kingdom,'' unanimously reach for when discussing him. ''He
brings it to every role he plays,'' Jacki Weaver, his Oscar-nominated co-star in
''Kingdom,'' wrote in an email. ''It's what makes him so compelling.''

The second is ''surprise.'' The actor Jack O'Connell, who played Mr.
Mendelsohn's son in the 2014 British prison drama ''Starred Up'' (and played the
lead in the World War II drama ''Unbroken'') remembers having ''the sense that
Ben could go anywhere at any time. He's very wiry.''

The third is ''charm.'' The ''Girls'' producer Jennifer Konner and Lena Dunham,
the show's creator, hired Mr. Mendelsohn to play the flighty father of the brash
Jessa. ''Lena and I had taken a hike with him and his wife, Emma, and pronounced
him the world's most charming man,'' Ms. Konner wrote in an email. ''The entire
cast and crew fell in love with him.''

Mr. Mendelsohn's sense of dashing and wiriness were on full display at a recent
junket in New York. He is a door holder and an intense fidgeter, rocking forward
to bump the hotel suite's coffee table with his knees as he considers the
underlying narrative of ''Bloodline,'' all 13 episodes of which will become
available for streaming on Netflix on March 20: The more seemingly ideal a
family (smiling group photographs of the Rayburns get an ample amount of camera
time), the more sinister its secrets. ''I don't know that it exists, the perfect
family,'' he said. ''It's always complicated.''

Born in Melbourne, Australia, Mr. Mendelsohn, 45, had a childhood marked by
boarding school and fragmented living situations. ''I was with my grandmother,
while one of my brothers lived with my dad and one lived with my mom,'' he said.
''It wasn't a great situation. Acting was the one good thing I was involved
in.''

His first steady work came in 1985, at 16, on a children's program called ''The
Henderson Kids.'' Two years later, his turn as a teenage rebel in the Australian
film ''The Year My Voice Broke'' earned him minor notoriety (''People knew my
face, but not my name,'' he said). His film education consisted of a high school
drama class and a well-worn VHS copy of ''Taxi Driver.'' ''I probably watched it
70 times between the ages of 15 and 21,'' Mr. Mendelsohn said. ''I wanted to
know what made De Niro so affecting while others just didn't have that power.''

Perhaps because he spent so much of his formative years with Travis Bickle,
troubled characters like his ''Animal Kingdom'' drug dealer and his ''Starred
Up'' con have become a specialty. ''I've always taken it as a compliment to be
able to play those parts,'' Mr. Mendelsohn said. ''They're the ones that let you
display the most feeling.'' He's been surprised and moved by fans who tell him
they connect with his work, since by his own definition most men he has played
are ''detached and destructive.''

It was those very qualities that brought the ''Bloodline'' co-creator Todd
Kessler his way. In search of the black-sheep son who sets the action of the
series into motion, Mr. Kessler, his brother Glenn, and Daniel Zelman (the trio
also created ''Damages,'' starring Glenn Close) thought of Mr. Mendelsohn
immediately. ''He's the only person we met with about Danny,'' Mr. Kessler said.
''He can be vulnerable, but he also has a great sense of menace.''

The drama -- Netflix's most character-driven and slowest-burning original series
to date -- unravels the secrets of the Rayburns, a family that owns an idyllic
Key West inn. Palm trees, the endless ocean and sudden rainstorms give the
series the feel of a humid noir at points. The story often pivots on heated,
intimate exchanges between Mr. Mendelsohn's havoc-prone Danny and Mr. Chandler's
John, the local sheriff, who seems the most invested in returning Danny to the
fold.

''Ben is tricky,'' said Mr. Chandler, on TV for the first time since starring as
the beloved Coach Taylor in ''Friday Night Lights.'' ''Just when you think
you're working with him, he can go behind your back.''

Mr. Chandler noted that when the cast met for the first time in the Keys, Mr.
Mendelsohn was late, the last to arrive. ''He gave us an expletive-filled
apology, and off we went,'' Mr. Chandler said.

What ensued over the next eight months in the Keys towns of Islamorada, Key
Largo and Tavernier were countless face-offs with Mr. Chandler (''We'd come out
of those scenes exhausted and disoriented,'' Mr. Mendelsohn said) and night
swimming shots filmed during shark feeding periods so dangerous, Mr. Kessler
said, that a safety coordinator arranged 10 people around Mr. Mendelsohn to
protect him.

Still, the memory of shooting Danny's unsolicited toast is the one that makes
Mr. Mendelsohn wince. ''That was a bad night,'' he said, remembering the heat,
the tension and his star-struck nerves in the presence of Ms. Spacek and Mr.
Shepard. In the end, Danny decides against reading the notes he'd brought and
cracks a joke, flooding the party with relief. But it was the loaded silent
seconds before the punch line that broke the spell for Mr. Mendelsohn. ''I was a
bit shy about taking that long pause,'' he said. ''Finally, I just said: 'I can
do it. I know what I'm doing.' ''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/15/arts/television/ben-mendelsohn-a-good-bad-man-
to-have-around.html

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Australian actor Ben Mendelsohn, above and far right, stars
in the new Netflix series ''Bloodline,'' with Kyle Chandler, near right.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY DAMON WINTER/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 SAEED ADYANI/NETFLIX)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              17 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

A good bad guy to have around;
Ben Mendelsohn, a star of the series 'Bloodline,' has a way with menace

BYLINE: MEGAN ANGELO

SECTION: LEISURE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1030 words

ABSTRACT

Ben Mendelsohn, who stars in the new Netflix series "Bloodline," has a way with
menace.

FULL TEXT

The most terrifying moment in the premiere episode of ''Bloodline,'' Netflix's
dark new drama, occurs when the actor Ben Mendelsohn stands up.

Mr. Mendelsohn plays Danny Rayburn, the eldest son in a powerful Key West
dynasty. Danny, who has been away from home for a long while, is a calculating
drifter with an inherent shadiness that feels extra jarring in the South Florida
sun. So when he rises to give an impromptu toast at a formal dinner for his
family, so does the fear in the eyes of his younger brothers, the protective
John (Kyle Chandler) and the hotheaded Kevin (Norbert Leo Butz); his sister, the
peacemaking Meg (Linda Cardellini); and his weary parents (Sissy Spacek and Sam
Shepard). The date Danny wasn't supposed to bring drunkenly giggles, and the
guests smile, but the Rayburns - and the audience - can feel the danger.

''Danger'' is one of the three words people who have worked with Mr. Mendelsohn,
the Australian actor who gained notice in the United States in 2010 with his
role in ''Animal Kingdom,'' unanimously reach for when discussing him. ''He
brings it to every role he plays,'' Jacki Weaver, his Oscar-nominated co-star in
''Kingdom,'' wrote in an email. ''It's what makes him so compelling.''

The second is ''surprise.'' The actor Jack O'Connell, who played Mr.
Mendelsohn's son in the 2014 British prison drama ''Starred Up'' and the lead in
the World War II drama ''Unbroken,'' remembers having ''the sense that Ben could
go anywhere at any time. He's very wiry.''

The third is ''charm.'' The producer of the TV show ''Girls,'' Jennifer Konner,
and Lena Dunham, its creator, hired Mr. Mendelsohn to play the flighty father of
the brash Jessa. ''Lena and I had taken a hike with him and his wife, Emma, and
pronounced him the world's most charming man,'' Ms. Konner wrote in an email.
''The entire cast and crew fell in love with him.''

Mr. Mendelsohn's sense of dashing and wiriness were on full display at a recent
junket in New York. He is a door holder and an intense fidgeter, rocking forward
to bump the hotel suite's coffee table with his knees as he considers the
underlying narrative of ''Bloodline,'' all 13 episodes of which will become
available for streaming on Netflix on March 20: The more seemingly ideal a
family (smiling group photographs of the Rayburns get an ample amount of camera
time), the more sinister its secrets. ''I don't know that it exists, the perfect
family,'' he said. ''It's always complicated.''

Born in Melbourne, Mr. Mendelsohn, 45, said he had a childhood marked by
boarding school and fragmented living situations. ''I was with my grandmother,
while one of my brothers lived with my dad and one lived with my mom,'' he
explained. ''It wasn't a great situation. Acting was the one good thing I was
involved in.''

His first steady work came in 1985, at 16, on a children's program called ''The
Henderson Kids.'' Two years later, his turn as a teenage rebel in the Australian
film ''The Year My Voice Broke'' earned him minor fame. ''People knew my face,
but not my name,'' he said. His film education consisted of a high school drama
class and a well-worn VHS copy of ''Taxi Driver.''

''I probably watched it 70 times between the ages of 15 and 21,'' Mr. Mendelsohn
said. ''I wanted to know what made De Niro so affecting while others just didn't
have that power.''

Perhaps because he spent so much of his formative years with Travis Bickle,
troubled characters like his ''Animal Kingdom'' drug dealer and his ''Starred
Up'' con have become a specialty.

''I've always taken it as a compliment to be able to play those parts,'' he
said. ''They're the ones that let you display the most feeling.'' He has been
surprised and moved by fans who tell him they connect with his work, since by
his own definition most men he has played are ''detached and destructive.''

It was those very qualities that brought the ''Bloodline'' co-creator Todd
Kessler his way. In search of the black-sheep son who sets the action of the
series into motion, Mr. Kessler, his brother Glenn and Daniel Zelman (the trio
also created ''Damages,'' starring Glenn Close) thought of Mr. Mendelsohn
immediately. ''He's the only person we met with about Danny,'' Mr. Kessler said.
''He can be vulnerable, but he also has a great sense of menace.''

The drama  unravels the secrets of the Rayburns, a family that owns an idyllic
inn in Key West, Florida. Palm trees, the endless ocean and sudden rainstorms
give the series the feel of a humid noir at points. The story often pivots on
heated, intimate exchanges between Mr. Mendelsohn's havoc-prone Danny and Mr.
Chandler's John, the local sheriff, who seems the most invested in returning
Danny to the fold.

''Ben is tricky,'' said Mr. Chandler, on TV for the first time since starring as
the beloved Coach Taylor in ''Friday Night Lights.'' ''Just when you think
you're working with him, he can go behind your back.''

Mr. Chandler noted that when the cast met for the first time in the Keys, Mr.
Mendelsohn was late, the last to arrive. ''He gave us an expletive-filled
apology, and off we went,'' Mr. Chandler said.

What ensued over the next eight months in the Keys towns of Islamorada, Key
Largo and Tavernier were countless face-offs with Mr. Chandler (''We'd come out
of those scenes exhausted and disoriented,'' Mr. Mendelsohn said) and swimming
shots filmed at night during shark feeding periods so dangerous, Mr. Kessler
said, that a safety coordinator arranged 10 people around Mr. Mendelsohn to
protect him from attack.

Still, the memory of shooting Danny's unsolicited toast is the one that makes
Mr. Mendelsohn wince.

''That was a bad night,'' he said, remembering the heat, the tension and his
star-struck nerves in the presence of Ms. Spacek and Mr. Shepard.

In the end, Danny decides against reading the notes he brought and cracks a
joke, flooding the party with relief. But it was the loaded silent seconds
before the punch line that broke the spell for Mr. Mendelsohn.

''I was a bit shy about taking that long pause,'' he said. ''Finally, I just
said: 'I can do it. I know what I'm doing.'''

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 7, 2015 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

TAKING MUSIC TO ILLEGAL LIMITS

BYLINE:  GAYLE WORLAND  gworland@madison.com, 608-252-6188

SECTION: SUNDAY BEST; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: Beethoven stole a lot of music


Beethoven stole a lot of music ? from himself.

Bach was imprisoned for having the gall to quit one job to take another.

Mozart was a victim of artistic crimes, and died with debts while others became
rich off his immense talents.

Who knew such shadiness could be so much fun?

Bach Dancing and Dynamite Society ? the Madison-based chamber music festival
that each summer takes a theme and builds a diverse and lively set of concerts
around it ? is this year calling itself "Guilty as Charged." The series of six
concert programs in June, each performed twice, is meant to stretch, explore and
take obvious joy in music rarely heard anywhere else.

"We are ?guilty' of having a lot of fun at our concerts, while presenting pretty
challenging music a lot of the time," said BDDS co-artistic director Stephanie
Jutt. "It's a very informal and interactive experience for the audience."

Performances rotate among the Playhouse at Overture Center, Hillside Theater at
Taliesin in Spring Green, and the Stoughton Opera House. (BDDS will also offer a
free family concert titled "What's So Great About Bach?" in Overture's Playhouse
at 11 a.m. Saturday.) The roster of musicians changes each of the three weeks of
BDDS. After each concert, the audience is invited into the lobby to meet the
players.

"We find artists through word of mouth and recommendations. There are no
auditions," said Jutt, a professor of flute at UW-Madison. "Friends will say,
?This person is amazing. You've got to get this person.' And if you can, you do
it. So over the last 24 years, our circle of acquaintances and music friends has
gotten really big."

This year's shows all make a tongue-in-cheek reference to misdeeds, including:
Friday and June 14: "Stolen Moments." Soprano Emily Birsan and bass-baritone
Timothy Jones return to the BDDS stages to sing Irish and Scottish folk songs
"stolen" (and arranged) by Beethoven. Birsan will also sing "Steal Me" from Gian
Carlo Menotti's "The Old Maid and the Thief."

June 13 and 14: "Rob the

Cradle," featuring the music or poetry of artists who died tragically young.
They include Mussorgsky's "Songs and Dances of Death," which pianist and BDDS
co-artistic director Jeffrey Sykes notes as a favorite. "It sounds incredibly
grim, but this music is incredibly beautiful," he said.

June 19 and 21: "Honor Among Thieves," showcasing composers who stole from
themselves or others (such as Bach's Trio Sonata in G Major, where the composer
used a bass line he'd used many times before).

June 20 and 21: "Breaking and Entering." These works by Florent Schmitt, Paul
Schoenfield, Paul Desenne and Johannes Brahms broke with tradition and
trespassed into unconventional areas of music.

June 26 and 28: "Crooked Business," featuring pieces by artists whose lives felt
the impact of greed. As he does every year, Sykes will perform a Mozart concerto
(this year it's Mozart's Piano Concerto in C Minor).

June 27 and 28: "Highway Robbery," including a work by Kevin Puts, winner of the
2012 Pulitzer Prize for music. Because the "Highway Robbery" concerts will
feature 11 musicians, Jutt said, "we're going to be able to play one of the
greatest pieces that's every been written for a chamber ensemble," Schubert's
Octet in F Major.

"It's not heard very often," she said. "It's a piece I would travel a long way
to hear."

"Every piece that we program is terrific," added Sykes. "We wouldn't program it
otherwise. Since we have that honor and that privilege (of running a festival),
we're going to pick things that we really, really like."

IF YOU GO

What: "Guilty As Charged," a series of six chamber-music concerts from Bach
Dancing and Dynamite Society

When: Three weeks in June. Performance times vary.

Where: Playhouse at Overture Center, 201 State St.; Hillside Theater at
Taliesin, Highways 23 and C, Spring Green; Stoughton Opera House, 381 E. Main
St., Stoughton.

Tickets: $40; $5 students. $6 extra for prime reserved seating in the Playhouse.

Website: Program listings and concert times are at bachdancinganddynamite.org

Family concert: 11-11:45 a.m. Saturday at the Playhouse, Overture Center. Free.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dick Ainsworth From left, violinist Axel Strauss, pianist Randall
Hodgkinson and flutist Stephanie Jutt perform in the 2014 edition of Bach
Dancing and Dynamite Society, titled "23 Skidoo!" Strauss and Jutt are among the
musicians returning for the 2015 festival, built around the tongue-in-check
theme "Guilty As Charged." C&N Photographers Flutist Stephanie Jutt and pianist
Jeffrey Sykes are co-artistic directors of the Bach Dancing and Dynamite
Society. The chamber concert series takes on the theme "Guilty As Charged" in
2015.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 6, 1988 Saturday

The life of the ultimate sharpster

BYLINE: JOHN LOWNSBROUGH; GAM

LENGTH: 1412 words


THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ROY COHN
BY SIDNEY ZION
 General, 284 pages, $28.95
 REVIEW BY  JOHN LOWNSBROUGH
 Roy Cohn fascinates the way Iago fascinates. It isn't simply that they
were shady characters; they cloaked themselves in their shadiness with
evident relish. A little evil can always liven up the narrative.

Cohn was 26 when he was appointed chief counsel to the U.S. Senate
subcommittee investigating the extent of Communist influence in government
circles. Cohn's baby-faced snarl thus became almost as familiar as the
five o'clock-shadowed mug of Sen. Joseph McCarthy, the firebrand demagogue
under whose erratic stewardship the subcommittee lurched on its way into
one of the sorrier chapters of U.S. social and political history. The
manner in which McCarthy exploited Cold War paranoia, as well as strains
of a more insidious resentment that had as much to do with class as
ideology, meant that persons could be tainted "Red" by association and
have no recourse: this was a period when careers and reputations - and
sometimes, as a consequence of the former, lives - ended with dizzying
abruptness. McCarthy's utter recklessness of method soon demanded a
definition all its own: McCarthyism.

In the 18 months, from 1953 to 1954, that Roy Cohn served so
conspicuously as a minion of McCarthy (commented one Cohn-watcher of this
time: "A bright boy, but vicious"), McCarthyism in fact would reach its
surreal apotheosis. Ironically, this turn of events would be precipitated
in no small part by Cohn's youthful arrogance in demanding from the U.S.
Army preferred treatment for a friend, G. David Schine.

The Cohn-Army friction escalated into an expanded subcommittee
investigation of alleged security risks in the armed services, which led
in turn to the fateful Army-McCarthy televised hearings, at which the
egregious McCarthy self-destructed in front of millions of home viewers.

The Senator's fall matched in rapidity his rise. Censure by the Senate
followed right after the hearings; three years later, McCarthy had died
from the effects of what was suspected to be acute alcoholism. Roy Cohn,
on the other hand, had only begun.

He returned to his native New York City to enter private law practice
and there, over the next 30-some years (Cohn died, from AIDS, in autumn
1986, several months shy of his 60th birthday), he consolidated his
reputation as the ultimate sharpster, fixer, "favor broker." Talents in
this area had revealed themselves early on: at the age of 13, he used his
state court judge father's clout with the Bronx Democratic machine to
secure jobs in the post office for his friends - collecting a finder's fee
in the process. He lived high, travelled (often, it seems) low. His circle
of acquaintances, both personal and professional (though with Cohn work
and play tended to become seamless), encompassed politicians, judges,
prelates, tycoons, sports and entertainment figures, vindictive divorcees
and indicted criminals.

He was the pit bull in the cafe society kennel: he had a predilection
for going for the throat. If he had a fondness for some unsavory chums,
eating off other people's plates, wearing orange tuxedos, then so be it.
He was a knower of names, a Midas of contacts. Abrasiveness like Cohn's
can actively charm, as long as it is tethered to a perceived utility.

Yet even 30 years after McCarthy, Cohn knew how history would remember
him: "I am going to be Joe McCarthy's chief counsel for the rest of my
life, no matter what else good or bad I should ever do in anybody's eyes.
And I'm perfectly happy with that denomination as long as those on the
other side can see that there is another side."

In his biography of Cohn, Nicholas von Hoffman makes a scrupulous
attempt to consider this other side. In his analysis of Cohn's anti-
communism, the more skeptical might even suggest he credits his subject
with more conviction than seems warranted. (The more skeptical might label
Roy Cohn a supreme opportunist and leave it at that.)
   If there is a problem with focus in the von Hoffman book, much of it
appears to be due to the nature of his subject's life, which necessarily
involved shadowy dealings whose other participants might not be too keen
in speaking, either on or off the record. Hence, there is some backing and
filling around the gaps. The author is left to speculate just how many
judges Cohn did control; hemust reject, for want of evidence, Cohn's
rumored part in several mysterious deaths, and the allegations that Cohn
occasionally sold out a client in a divorce case in return for a better
deal from the contending party.

But von Hoffman did find sufficient evidence to indicate a forest amid
all the obscuring trees: "Roy lived in a matrix of crime and unethical
conduct. The number of his friends, associates and allies who've been
convicted of felonies since his death is an indication of the extent of
his criminal activities, for Roy derived a significant part of his income
from illegal or unethical schemes and conspiracies, the most blatant of
which was not paying income tax." At his death, Cohn supposedly owed the
Internal Revenue Service $7-million.

Not surprisingly, Cohn refutes the income tax charge in his
"autobiography," not to mention a few of other charges lobbed in his
direction over the years. Impetus for this book apparently originated with
Cohn, who when illness struck relinquished the baton to his journalist
friend Sidney Zion. Zion assures us that, except for discussion about a
particular area of the subject's life, what we read are "Roy's own words,
his life. Organized by my hand but in his voice."

It's hard to know which is the more offensive - Cohn's voice or Zion's
hand. (Explains a garrulous Zion in his introduction: "It was always hard
for some folks to understand how a flaming civil libertarian like me could
have truck with a guy whose name conjured up the trashing of the Bill or
Rights." Oh, please.) As for the voice, it is a sort of just-guys-
jocularese that, for the majority of the book where Cohn is ostensibly
speaking, suggests a macho posture to which Cohn, a born nerd whose life
can in some senses be regarded as an act of retaliation for this
indignity, aspired but never quite seems to have mastered.

The autobiography is nothing if not self-serving. Don't forget, Cohn
tells us, Harry Truman and the Democrats initiated the loyalty-security
program that would later find expression in the McCarthy subcommittee.
Don't forget the abuse of executive power for which outraged liberals
castigated Richard Nixon had its precedents in the administration of John
Kennedy.

It's not that this sort of finger-pointing at the double standards of
history is without its persuasive effect; in the case of Attorney General
Robert Kennedy's apparent harassment of Cohn, the evidence adduced seems
all too disappointingly persuasive. (Kennedy, too, had wanted the job as
McCarthy's chief counsel). But what chills and angers is the appalling
absence of reflection or remorse or human feeling. What we get is a
Horatio Alger gloss overlaid with prose of the most calcifying vulgarity
("The Rosenberg case thrust me onto the centre stage for keeps - and for
me it was a matter of 'at long last' ").

Cohn's Boswell outdoes him for crassness. Here is Zion on Cohn's sex
life: "Roy Cohn was the Babe Ruth of the Gay World - or more accurately,
Yogi Berra. Not because he hit bad balls; just that maybe he was the
world's greatest catcher." Cohn would not discuss his homosexuality,
except to deny it. His sexual preferences, however, were an open secret
and both Zion and von Hoffman ruminate, with more than a bit of lurid
detail, on the probable consequences of that denial on an already
embattled psyche. Perhaps the want of any reflection in the autobiography
is testimony to this denial, though it could just as well mirror another
trait of Cohn's, his slovenly work habits, his impatience with paperwork
and exigent fact.

By the end, the illusion of power had started to evaporate. Disbarment
had dealt him a body blow before AIDS finished him off. For someone who
loved to be in the public eye, it was too cruelly public a death.

The appearance of these two volumes, in their different ways, allows us
to see Roy Cohn's shabbiness within the context of a much larger
shabbiness. If the fulfilled OscarWilde's definition of a cynic as one who
knows the price of everything and the value of nothing, it is difficult,
by the end, to know whether to view him more as victim than agent of that
cynicism. A moment of silence, please, for Iago.
 John Lownsbrough is a Toronto writer.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday

Calipari could carry cost for UK

BYLINE: Gene Frenette

SECTION: Gene Frenette; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 489 words


With the slick John Calipari running Kentucky's basketball program, there's
little doubt the Wildcats will return to supremacy in the Southeastern
Conference sooner rather than later. But along with his phenomenal recruiting
acumen, you also have to wonder how many brush fires will have to be put out
along the way.

For the second time since he left Memphis for UK two months ago, a former
Memphis player, Robert Dozier, has had his SAT score called into question, this
time by an ESPN report that interviewed University of Georgia officials as to
why they denied Dozier admission into school. There were also allegations that
ex-Memphis star Derrick Rose had someone take his SAT for him, but Memphis says
it found no evidence to support it.

What's indisputable, however, is that Calipari, whose Final Four appearance with
Massaschusetts was vacated because star player Marcus Camby accepted $28,000
from an agent, has a reputation for shadiness following his program. He often
claims that he has no knowledge of wrongdoing, but his exit to Kentucky is
looking more and more convenient.

Calipari will likely put Kentucky basketball back on the national map. UK had
better hope the price isn't too steep. ...

It's only shirts-and-shorts practices, but the most intriguing of the new
Jaguars receivers is seventh-round pick Tiquan Underwood. The guy makes plays
and has a genuine burst after the catch. Just beware that doing it in the spring
doesn't always translate to execution on fall Sundays, as ex-Jaguar Chad Owens
aptly demonstrated.

Best-case scenario for the Jaguars' secondary: rookie Derek Cox being able to
win a starting cornerback job so they can move Brian Williams to safety. And
though it's rarely talked about, safety Reggie Nelson might eventually be a
better fit at cornerback. ...

I'm not convinced there's going to be this great competition for the starting
offensive tackle jobs. Rookie left tackle Eugene Monroe looks more impressive so
far than Tra Thomas, and Tony Pashos might be hard pressed to hold off
second-round draft pick Eben Britton for the right tackle job. The upside of
going younger at those key positions will be tough to resist. ...

At the turtle-like pace that the NCAA Committee on Infractions is moving on
Florida State's appeal to keep those 14 victories in football, Bobby Bowden
might be in retirement before a decision is reached. ...

Jacksonville University and Utah were the only Division I schools in the country
this past year to win a regular-season or tournament conference championship in
football, basketball and baseball. ...

In Tuesday's Major League Baseball amateur draft, former Wolfson High infielder
Mycal Jones, who played shortstop this season at Miami Dade Junior College, is
drawing a lot of interest because of his phenomenal speed and vastly improved
hitting stroke. Jones is expected to be taken in the second or third round.

gene.frenette@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4540

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              21 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

World war: Salvos exchanged in World Law South's complaint against N.C. State
Bar

BYLINE: Phillip Bantz

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 919  words


The North Carolina State Bar's legal squabble with a debt settlement corporation
calling itself World Law South has barely begun, but things have already gotten
ugly.

Both sides are flinging accusations of sham filings, forum shopping and other
shadiness like mashed potatoes in a food fight - and this is less than two
months after World Law South sued the bar.

The case has been designated to the Business Court with Judge James L. Gale
presiding, but the bar wants it sent back to Wake County Superior Court. World
Law South wants the matter to stay put.

This all might seem like a minor procedural detail, but Gale's decision will
likely have some repercussions in another suit playing out in Wake County
Superior Court, where the bar and the state attorney general's office are going
after a Texas debt settlement company called Swift Rock Financial for unfair and
deceptive trade practices and the unauthorized practice of law.

The trial court slapped Swift Rock with an injunction banning it from doing
business here after Attorney General Roy Cooper accused the corporation of
essentially stealing millions of dollars from residents throughout the state.

In publicly discussing Swift Rock, Cooper and the bar have referred to its
multiple subsidiaries collectively as World Law Group. Their suit against Swift
Rock lists a World Law Group, along with several other World Law entities, as
DBAs or AKAs of the company. The bar also sent World Law Group a
cease-and-desist letter accusing it of practicing law illegally.

All the bad publicity about World Law has sullied World Law South's reputation,
said its attorney, Alfred P. Carlton Jr. of Raleigh. He says his client doesn't
deserve that black eye because while it is affiliated with the World Law Group,
neither corporation has been legally joined as a party to the Swift Rock case.

Carlton argues that both his client and World Law Group are "entirely separate
and distinct entities" from Swift Rock; that naming a corporation as a DBA or
AKA of a defendant isn't enough to join it to the case; and that his client has
never been served in connection with the Swift Rock action.

"This is a true and undeniable fact, in spite of (the bar's] earnest cognitive
leaps, dreams, wishes and desires that it not be so - and its rhetorical
insistence on the assertion that 'it is so, because we say it is so' - all so
repetitively and verbosely set forth in its Opposition" to Business Court
designation, Carlton wrote in an answer to the bar's motion.

"But," he added, "saying something is so does not make it so, and unlike
Shoeless Joe Jackson, defendant herein can state with confidence to the Court
that 'It just ain't so. '"

Carlton's motion supporting the case's designation to the Business Court is full
of similarly colorful language. He criticizes the bar's motion as being
"repetitive, frivolous, verbose, impertinent and irrelevant ... a promethean
flight of fantasy, replete with imaginary compulsory counterclaims by parties
that do not exist, swami like attempts to read the collective minds of those
non-extant parties..."

"The monumental irrelevance of (the bar's] Opposition evidences a lack of
respect for this tribunal and the parties to this action," he added. "On this
basis alone, the Court should strike Defendant's Opposition in its entirety, and
plaintiff so moves. "

Meanwhile, in the bar's corner, special deputy attorney general I. Faison Hicks
asserts that World Law South was not named as a defendant in the Swift Rock case
because the company didn't exist when the action was filed.

Hicks accuses Carlton of helping World Law Group form World Law South shortly
after the injunction was issued in the Swift Rock case so it could turn around
and file a "sham" lawsuit against the bar in the Business Court.

He asserts in his motion that World Law South went after the bar "in the hope
that the procedural train wreck and logistical burdens that are likely to result
will work to its benefit and that it may fare better in a new forum. "

World Law South has asked the court to declare that it can continue to offer its
services in North Carolina and find that the bar acted outside its authority by
issuing the disparaging cease-and-desist letter. The company also wants the bar
to withdraw the letter and retract all its published reports about World Law
South's operations.

If the company were to prevail in Business Court, Hicks warned that the
resulting order would "significantly contradict, impair and, in many cases,
completely undo" the injunction that has been issued against Swift Rock in Wake
County Superior Court.

Hicks and the bar's executive director, L. Thomas Lunsford II, have declined to
discuss the case. Carlton said World Law South is "legitimately doing business
in North Carolina regardless of what the (attorney general's] consumer
protection division might say. "

"My client, which is not a party to the Swift Rock litigation, is seeking to
properly address its claims in the Business Court," he added before declining
further comment.

The bar also is embroiled in unauthorized practice lawsuits involving LegalZoom
and Lienguard in the Business Court. Like World Law South, the Internet-based
businesses - Carlton represents both - argue that their services are legal, that
the bar's behavior is monopolistic and that its cease-and-desist letters are
unenforceable without court orders.

http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             March 11, 2012 Sunday
                              Correction Appended

Misguided prep eligibility bill leaves a stench

BYLINE: Gene Frenette

SECTION: Gene Frenette; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 471 words


Whenever politicians try to stick their nose into legislating athletics, it
rarely passes the smell test. The bill the state legislature sent to Gov. Rick
Scott this past week, which redefines the core bylaws regarding eligibility and
recruiting in Florida high schools, has an odor to it that reeks of shadiness.

Why would representatives of both the House and Senate pass a bill that a large
majority of high school administrators and coaches vehemently oppose? It makes
me wonder about hidden agendas and motivation of lawmakers.

House Bill 1403 wants to waive the waiting period for athletes who transfer,
allowing them to become eligible immediately at their new school instead of
sitting out a year as mandated by the Florida High School Athletic Association.
It also allows for non-member FHSAA schools, like Arlington Country Day and
Potter's House Christian, to play member schools, which is currently prohibited.

A companion Senate Bill (1704) authored by Stephen Wise, R-Jacksonville, was an
attempt to move 230 state private high schools to a new governing body, the
Sunshine Independent Athletic Association. That presently consists of ACD and 10
other programs that left the FHSAA after running afoul of their rules and
incurring heavy fines. Wise's bill was quickly amended when he realized it
wasn't going to pass.

I have no problem with allowing non-member programs like ACD more access to
competition. FHSAA schools can decide for themselves if they want to play coach
Rex Morgan's basketball factory.

Where this impending law is deeply troubling is it opens the door for
disgruntled athletes/parents to change schools on a whim. The bill might say
it's to help out kids enduring tough circumstances like a divorce forcing a
change in address, but this law creates more loopholes to circumvent the system.

"It gives people who want to cheat an opportunity to cheat," said Bishop Kenny
AD Bob West.

"I'm afraid it's going to leave us in a situation where the playing field is
going to be more unlevel," added Duval County athletic director Jon Fox. "It's
going to encourage more school-hopping."

You'd think Fox, who represents the welfare of 17 public high schools in Wise's
district, would have been consulted about the bill's merits. Wise never bothered
to call him.

Why? Probably because he knows Fox and almost everyone in position of authority
at public and private high schools, save for Morgan and others in rogue SIAA
programs, oppose these bills.

When 20 high school ADs showed up at a Florida House Education Committee meeting
two weeks ago to oppose the transfer portion of the bill, they were barred from
speaking. Oh, and Wise, he was a former owner of ACD. Nothing about this passes
the smell test.

If Scott signs the bill into law, it just adds to the stench.

gene.frenette@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4540

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 22, 2012



CORRECTION:  State Sen. Stephen Wise, R-Jacksonville, is not a former owner of
Arlington Country Day School. Because of a reporter's error, Wise's connection
to the school was misstated in a sports column on Page C-1 on March 11.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The Florida Times-Union


                              23 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Steve Miller Band still pushing music forward;
Recent Rock Hall inductee's summer tour hits town.;
HUBER HEIGHTS

BYLINE: By Don Thrasher

SECTION: ; Pg. GO5

LENGTH: 452 words


The Steve Miller Band - (from left) Kenny Lee Lewis, Gordy Knudtson, Steve
Miller, Joseph Wooten and Jacob Petersen - performs Tuesday at Rose Music Center
in Huber Heights.

Most rockers use their Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction to thank family,
band members, inspirational artists, managers and other business associates. Not
Steve Miller, performing at Rose Music Center in Huber Heights on Tuesday, who
used the Steve Miller Band's April induction to rail against that institution
and the general shadiness of the music industry.

Go west, young rocker

Miller, who was not available for an interview, started as a blues rocker with a
psychedelic edge. A Wisconsin native raised in Texas, he relocated to San
Francisco in the late 1960s and began to establish himself as a rising force.

He released seven albums, some more successful than others, before scoring his
first platinum album with "The Joker" in 1973.

Cracking the code

The title track for "The Joker" was Miller's first number one hit on the
Billboard Hot 100 chart but it wasn't his last. He eliminated the psych-blues
elements for a slicker, pop-rock sound. That move opened the door for a string
of hits such as "Fly Like An Eagle," "Take the Money and Run," "Jet Airliner"
and "Jungle Love," which remain staples of classic rock radio.

Unlike some of his contemporaries, Miller was able to transition into the MTV
age in the 1980s, scoring hits like "Abracadabra" and "Cool Magic."

The hits may be behind him but he remains a big draw on the concert circuit.

Shaming Hall of Fame

Following the Steve Miller Band's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame induction, the
rocker told a writer from "Rolling Stone" magazine the ceremony was "nice" but
he was frustrated because he didn't think it was well organized.

Miller called it an "amateur production," adding that the "whole process needs
to be changed from the top to the bottom" to be more artist-friendly.

Later, in a profanity-filled exchange, Miller told "Rolling Stone" the industry
was a boys' club filled with jerks, gangsters and crooks who stole everything
from the artists.

Still in the game

Despite Miller's distaste for the music industry and his Hall of Fame induction,
he isn't ready to retire.

He recently signed a deal with Sony/Red and has been recording his concerts for
several projects, including a career-spanning documentary.

Miller is also doing his part to push modern music forward through a variety of
projects.

He serves on the welcoming committee of the Metropolitan Museum's musical
instrument department. He is a board member of Jazz at Lincoln Center and is
also involved in music education for the organization, Little Kids Rock.

Contact this contributing

writer at donaldthrasher8

@aol.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              24 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

The Clinton Contamination: Low expectations

BYLINE: Maureen Dowd; New York Times

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 924 words

ABSTRACT

OPN planning package

FULL TEXT

It says a lot about our relationship with Hillary Clinton that she seems well on
her way to becoming Madam President because she's not getting indicted.

If she were still at the State Department, she could be getting fired for being,
as the FBI director told Congress, "extremely careless" with top-secret
information. Instead, she's on a glide path to a big promotion.

And that's the corkscrew way things go with the Clintons, who are staying true
to their reputation as the Tom and Daisy Buchanan of American politics. Their
vast carelessness drags down everyone around them, but they persevere, and even
thrive.

In a mere 11 days, arrogant, selfish actions by the Clintons contaminated three
of the purest brands in Washington - Barack Obama, James Comey and Loretta Lynch
- and jeopardized the futures of Hillary's most loyal aides.

It's quaint, looking back at her appointment as secretary of state, how Obama
tried to get Hillary without the shadiness. (Which is what we all want, of
course.)

The president and his aides attempted to keep a rein on Clinton's State
Department - refusing to let her bring in her hit man, Sidney Blumenthal.

But in the end, Hillary's goo got on Obama anyhow. Last Tuesday, after Comey
managed to make both Democrats and Republicans angry by indicting Clinton
politically but not legally, Barry and Hillary flew to Charlotte, North
Carolina, for their first joint campaign appearance.

Obama was left in the awkward position of vouching for Hillary's "steady
judgment" to run an angry, violent, jittery nation on the very day that his FBI
director lambasted her errant judgment on circumventing the State Department
email system, making it clear that she had been lying to the American public for
the last 16 months.

Comey, who was then yanked up to Capitol Hill for a hearing on Thursday,
revealed that instead of no emails with classified information, as Hillary had
insisted, there were 110, of those turned over to the State Department. Instead
of Clinton's assurances that the server in the basement in Chappaqua had never
been breached, Comey said it was possible that hostile actors had hacked
Clinton's email account. Among the emails not given to State, he said at least
three contained classified information.

Hillary had already compromised the president, who feels he needs her to cement
his legacy. Obama angered FBI agents when he was interviewed on CBS' "60
Minutes" last fall and undermined the bureau's investigation by exonerating
Hillary before the FBI was done with its work, saying pre-emptively, "This is
not a situation in which America's national security was endangered."

Hillary willfully put herself above the rules - again - and a president,
campaign and party are all left twisting themselves into pretzels defending her.

Obama aimed to have no shadows, but the Clintons operate in shadows.

After Bill Clinton crossed the tarmac in Phoenix to have a long chat with Lynch,
the attorney general confessed that the ill-advised meeting had "cast a shadow"
over her department's investigation into his wife and that she would feel
constrained to follow the recommendation of the FBI.

"I certainly wouldn't do it again," Lynch said, admitting it hit her "painfully"
that she had made a mistake dancing with the Arkansas devil in the pale
moonlight.

The meeting seemed even more suspect a week later, when The New York Times
reported that Hillary might let Lynch stay on in a new Clinton administration.

The fallout from the email scandal has clouded the futures of longtime Hillary
aides Cheryl Mills, Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, who were also deemed
extremely careless by Comey for their handling of classified information. The
Times reported that they could face tough questions as they seek security
clearances for diplomatic or national security posts. (Not to mention remiss in
not pushing back on Clinton about the private server.)

"You've got a situation here where the woman who would be in charge of setting
national security policy as president has been deemed by the FBI unsuitable to
safeguard and handle classified information," Bill Savarino, a Washington lawyer
specializing in security clearances, told the Times.

So many lawyers in this column, so little law.

Obama is not upset about being pulled into the Clinton Under Toad, to use an old
John Irving expression. He thinks Washington is so broken that the next
president will need a specific skill set to function, and he thinks Hillary has
that.

But what should disturb Obama, who bypassed his own vice president to lay out
the red carpet for Hillary, is that the email transgression is not a one off.
It's part of a long pattern of ethical slipping and sliding, obsessive secrecy
and paranoia, and collateral damage.

Comey's verdict that Hillary was "negligent" was met with sighs rather than
shock. We know who Hillary and Bill are now. We've been held hostage to their
predilections and braided intrigues for a long time. (On the Hill, Comey refused
to confirm or deny that he's investigating the Clinton Foundation, with its
unseemly tangle of donors and people doing business with State.)

We're resigned to the Clintons focusing on their viability and disregarding the
consequences of their heedless actions on others. They're always offering a
Faustian deal. This year's election bargain: Put up with our iniquities or get
Donald Trump's short fingers on the nuclear button.

The Clintons work hard but don't play by the rules. Imagine them in the White
House with the benefit of low expectations.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Hillary drags people into the Clinton contamination

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 937 words


WASHINGTON - It says a lot about our relationship with Hillary Clinton that she
seems well on her way to becoming Madam President because she's not getting
indicted.

If she were still at the State Department, she could be getting fired for being,
as the FBI director told Congress, "extremely careless" with top-secret
information. Instead, she's on a glide path to a big promotion.

And that's the corkscrew way things go with the Clintons, who are staying true
to their reputation as the Tom and Daisy Buchanan of American politics. Their
vast carelessness drags down everyone around them, but they persevere, and even
thrive.

In a mere 11 days, arrogant, selfish actions by the Clintons contaminated three
of the purest brands in Washington - Barack Obama, James Comey and Loretta Lynch
- and jeopardized the futures of Hillary's most loyal aides.

It's quaint, looking back at her appointment as secretary of state, how Obama
tried to get Hillary without the shadiness. (Which is what we all want, of
course.)

The president and his aides attempted to keep a rein on Clinton's State
Department - refusing to let her bring in her hit man, Sidney Blumenthal.

But in the end, Hillary's goo got on Obama anyhow. On Tuesday, after Comey
managed to make both Democrats and Republicans angry by indicting Clinton
politically but not legally, Barry and Hillary flew to Charlotte, North
Carolina, for their first joint campaign appearance.

Obama was left in the awkward position of vouching for Hillary's "steady
judgment" to run an angry, violent, jittery nation on the very day that his FBI
director lambasted her errant judgment on circumventing the State Department
email system, making it clear that she had been less truthful to the American
public for the last 16 months.

Comey, who was then yanked up to Capitol Hill for a hearing on Thursday,
revealed that instead of no emails with classified information, as Hillary had
insisted, there were 110, of those turned over to the State Department. Instead
of Clinton's assurances that the server in the basement in Chappaqua had never
been breached, Comey said it was possible that hostile actors had hacked
Clinton's email account. Among the emails not given to State, he said at least
three contained classified information.

Hillary had already compromised the president, who feels he needs her to cement
his legacy. Obama angered FBI agents when he was interviewed on CBS' "60
Minutes" last fall and undermined the bureau's investigation by exonerating
Hillary before the FBI was done with its work, saying pre-emptively, "This is
not a situation in which America's national security was endangered."

Hillary willfully put herself above the rules - again - and a president,
campaign and party are all left twisting themselves into pretzels defending her.

Obama aimed to have no shadows, but the Clintons operate in shadows.

After Bill Clinton crossed the tarmac in Phoenix to have a long chat with Lynch,
the attorney general confessed that the ill-advised meeting had "cast a shadow"
over her department's investigation into his wife and that she would feel
constrained to follow the recommendation of the FBI.

"I certainly wouldn't do it again," Lynch said, admitting it hit her "painfully"
that she had made a mistake dancing with the Arkansas devil in the pale
moonlight.

The meeting seemed even more suspect a week later, when The New York Times
reported that Hillary might let Lynch stay on in a new Clinton administration.

The fallout from the email scandal has clouded the futures of longtime Hillary
aides Cheryl Mills, Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, who were also deemed
extremely careless by Comey for their handling of classified information. The
Times reported that they could face tough questions as they seek security
clearances for diplomatic or national security posts. (Not to mention remiss in
not pushing back on Clinton about the private server.)

"You've got a situation here where the woman who would be in charge of setting
national security policy as president has been deemed by the FBI unsuitable to
safeguard and handle classified information," Bill Savarino, a Washington lawyer
specializing in security clearances, told the Times.

So many lawyers in this column, so little law.

Obama is not upset about being pulled into the Clinton Under Toad, to use an old
John Irving expression. He thinks Washington is so broken that the next
president will need a specific skill set to function, and he thinks Hillary has
that.

But what should disturb Obama, who bypassed his own vice president to lay out
the red carpet for Hillary, is that the email transgression is not a one off.
It's part of a long pattern of ethical slipping and sliding, obsessive secrecy
and paranoia, and collateral damage.

Comey's verdict that Hillary was "negligent" was met with sighs rather than
shock. We know who Hillary and Bill are now. We've been held hostage to their
predilections and braided intrigues for a long time.

(On the Hill, Comey refused to confirm or deny that he's investigating the
Clinton Foundation, with its unseemly tangle of donors and people doing business
with State.)

We're resigned to the Clintons focusing on their viability and disregarding the
consequences of their heedless actions on others. They're always offering a
Faustian deal. This year's election bargain: Put up with our iniquities or get
Donald Trump's short fingers on the nuclear button.

The Clintons work hard but don't play by the rules. Imagine them in the White
House with the benefit of low expectations.

Maureen Dowd is a New York Times columnist !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal
(New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

Clintons' contaminated actions taint even the purest presidential brand;
What should disturb Obama is that the email transgression is not a one-off

BYLINE: Maureen Dowd

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 836 words


It says a lot about our relationship with Hillary Clinton that she seems well on
her way to becoming Madam President because she's not getting indicted. If she
were still at the State Department, she could be getting fired for being, as the
FBI director told Congress, "extremely careless" with top-secret information.

Instead, she's on a glide path to a big promotion. That's the corkscrew way
things go with the Clintons, who are staying true to their reputation as the Tom
and Daisy Buchanan of American politics. Their vast carelessness drags down
everyone around them, but they persevere, even thrive.

In a mere 11 days, arrogant, selfish actions by the Clintons contaminated three
of the purest brands in Washington - Barack Obama, James Comey and Loretta Lynch
- and jeopardised the futures of Hillary's most loyal aides. It's quaint,
looking back at her appointment as secretary of state, how Obama tried to get
Hillary without the shadiness. (Which is what we all want.) The president and
his aides attempted to keep a rein on Clinton's State Department - refusing to
let her bring in her hit man, Sidney Blumenthal. But in the end, Hillary's goo
got on Obama anyhow. On Tuesday, after Comey managed to make both Democrats and
Republicans angry by indicting Clinton politically but not legally, Barry and
Hillary flew to Charlotte, North Carolina, for their first joint campaign
appearance.

Awkward position

Obama was left in the awkward position of vouching for Hillary's "steady
judgment" to run an angry, violent, jittery nation on the very day his FBI
director lambasted her errant judgment on circumventing the State Department
email system, making it clear that she had been lying to the American public for
the last 16 months.

Comey, who was then yanked up to Capitol Hill for a hearing on Thursday,
revealed that instead of no emails with classified information, as Hillary had
insisted, there were 110, of those turned over to the State Department. Instead
of Clinton's assurances that the server in the basement in Chappaqua had never
been breached, Comey said it was possible that hostile actors had hacked
Clinton's email account. Among the emails not given to State, he said at least
three contained classified information.

Hillary had already compromised the president, who feels he needs her to cement
his legacy. Obama angered FBI agents when he was interviewed on CBS' 60 Minutes
last fall and undermined the bureau's investigation by exonerating Hillary
before the FBI was done with its work, saying pre-emptively, "This is not a
situation in which America's national security was endangered."

Hillary wilfully put herself above the rules - again - and a president, campaign
and party are all left twisting themselves into pretzels defending her. Obama
aimed to have no shadows, but the Clintons operate in shadows. After Bill
Clinton crossed the tarmac in Phoenix to have a long chat with Lynch, the
attorney general confessed that the ill-advised meeting had "cast a shadow" over
her department's investigation into his wife and that she would feel constrained
to follow the recommendation of the FBI.

Mistake

"I certainly wouldn't do it again," Lynch said, admitting it hit her "painfully"
that she had made a mistake dancing with the Arkansas devil in the pale
moonlight. The meeting seemed even more suspect a week later, when the New York
Times reported that Hillary might let Lynch stay on in a new Clinton
administration. The fallout from the email scandal has clouded the futures of
longtime Hillary aides Cheryl Mills, Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, who were
also deemed extremely careless by Comey for their handling of classified
information. The Times reported that they could face tough questions as they
seek security clearances for diplomatic or national security posts. (Not to
mention remiss in not pushing back on Clinton about the private server.)

Obama thinks Washington is so broken that the next president will need a
specific skill set to function, and he thinks Hillary has that. But what should
disturb Obama is that the email transgression is not a one-off. It's part of a
long pattern of ethical slipping and sliding, obsessive secrecy and paranoia,
and collateral damage.Comey's verdict that Hillary was "negligent" was met with
sighs, not shock. We know who Hillary and Bill are now. We've been held hostage
to their predilections and braided intrigues for a long time. (On the Hill,
Comey refused to confirm or deny that he's investigating the Clinton Foundation,
with its unseemly tangle of donors and people doing business with State.)

We're resigned to the Clintons focusing on their viability and disregarding the
consequences of their heedless actions on others. They're always offering a
Faustian deal. This year's election bargain: put up with our iniquities or get
Donald Trump's short fingers on the nuclear button.

The Clintons work hard but don't play by the rules. Imagine them in the White
House with the benefit of low expectations.

- (New York Times)

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Clinton Contamination

BYLINE: By MAUREEN DOWD

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 962 words


WASHINGTON -- IT says a lot about our relationship with Hillary Clinton that she
seems well on her way to becoming Madam President because she's not getting
indicted.

If she were still at the State Department, she could be getting fired for being,
as the F.B.I. director told Congress, ''extremely careless'' with top-secret
information. Instead, she's on a glide path to a big promotion.

And that's the corkscrew way things go with the Clintons, who are staying true
to their reputation as the Tom and Daisy Buchanan of American politics. Their
vast carelessness drags down everyone around them, but they persevere, and even
thrive.

In a mere 11 days, arrogant, selfish actions by the Clintons contaminated three
of the purest brands in Washington -- Barack Obama, James Comey and Loretta
Lynch -- and jeopardized the futures of Hillary's most loyal aides.

It's quaint, looking back at her appointment as secretary of state, how Obama
tried to get Hillary without the shadiness. (Which is what we all want, of
course.)

The president and his aides attempted to keep a rein on Clinton's State
Department -- refusing to let her bring in her hit man, Sidney Blumenthal.

But in the end, Hillary's goo got on Obama anyhow. On Tuesday, after Comey
managed to make both Democrats and Republicans angry by indicting Clinton
politically but not legally, Barry and Hillary flew to Charlotte, N.C., for
their first joint campaign appearance.

Obama was left in the awkward position of vouching for Hillary's ''steady
judgment'' to run an angry, violent, jittery nation on the very day that his
F.B.I. director lambasted her errant judgment on circumventing the State
Department email system, making it clear that she had been lying to the American
public for the last 16 months.

Comey, who was then yanked up to Capitol Hill for a hearing on Thursday,
revealed that instead of no emails with classified information, as Hillary had
insisted, there were 110, of those turned over to the State Department. Instead
of Clinton's assurances that the server in the basement in Chappaqua had never
been breached, Comey said it was possible that hostile actors had hacked
Clinton's email account. Among the emails not given to State, he said at least
three contained classified information.

Hillary had already compromised the president, who feels he needs her to cement
his legacy. Obama angered F.B.I. agents when he was interviewed on CBS's ''60
Minutes'' last fall and undermined the bureau's investigation by exonerating
Hillary before the F.B.I. was done with its work, saying pre-emptively, ''This
is not a situation in which America's national security was endangered.''

Hillary willfully put herself above the rules -- again -- and a president,
campaign and party are all left twisting themselves into pretzels defending her.

Obama aimed to have no shadows, but the Clintons operate in shadows.

After Bill Clinton crossed the tarmac in Phoenix to have a long chat with Lynch,
the attorney general confessed that the ill-advised meeting had ''cast a
shadow'' over her department's investigation into his wife and that she would
feel constrained to follow the recommendation of the F.B.I.

''I certainly wouldn't do it again,'' Lynch said, admitting it hit her
''painfully'' that she had made a mistake dancing with the Arkansas devil in the
pale moonlight.

The meeting seemed even more suspect a week later, when The Times reported that
Hillary might let Lynch stay on in a new Clinton administration.

The fallout from the email scandal has clouded the futures of longtime Hillary
aides Cheryl Mills, Huma Abedin and Jake Sullivan, who were also deemed
extremely careless by Comey for their handling of classified information. The
Times reported that they could face tough questions as they seek security
clearances for diplomatic or national security posts. (Not to mention remiss in
not pushing back on Clinton about the private server.)

''You've got a situation here where the woman who would be in charge of setting
national security policy as president has been deemed by the F.B.I. unsuitable
to safeguard and handle classified information,'' Bill Savarino, a Washington
lawyer specializing in security clearances, told the Times.

So many lawyers in this column, so little law.

President Obama is not upset about being pulled into the Clinton Under Toad, to
use an old John Irving expression. He thinks Washington is so broken that the
next president will need a specific skill set to function, and he thinks Hillary
has that.

But what should disturb Obama, who bypassed his own vice president to lay out
the red carpet for Hillary, is that the email transgression is not a one off.
It's part of a long pattern of ethical slipping and sliding, obsessive secrecy
and paranoia, and collateral damage.

Comey's verdict that Hillary was ''negligent'' was met with sighs rather than
shock. We know who Hillary and Bill are now. We've been held hostage to their
predilections and braided intrigues for a long time. (On the Hill, Comey refused
to confirm or deny that he's investigating the Clinton Foundation, with its
unseemly tangle of donors and people doing business with State.)

We're resigned to the Clintons focusing on their viability and disregarding the
consequences of their heedless actions on others. They're always offering a
Faustian deal. This year's election bargain: Put up with our iniquities or get
Trump's short fingers on the nuclear button.

The Clintons work hard but don't play by the rules. Imagine them in the White
House with the benefit of low expectations.

I invite you to follow me on Twitter (@NYTimesDowd).

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTopinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/10/opinion/sunday/the-clinton-contamination.html

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              28 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 12, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Fade to Black Has 'Sopranos' Fans Seeing Red

BYLINE: Lisa de Moraes

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1310 words


Since the final episode of HBO's "The Sopranos" closed with a 10-second-long
simulation of a nationwide TiVo recording error, a fusillade of furiousness has
broken out in the blather-osphere, the likes of which this country had not seen
since . . . Friday, when the sight of a weeping, designer-dress-less,
makeup-less, hair-extension-less Paris Hilton being forced out of her Hollywood
Hills retreat and back to court triggered widespread Paris verbal effigy
burning.

If, as one HBO exec told The Post's Tom Shales, the angrier people are about the
ending to his eight-season-old mob drama the more creator David Chase will feel
he's reached them, Chase must be thrilled by the response to the finale.

HBO, on the other hand, may feel otherwise, with the line being so fine between
an angry HBO subscription-paying "Sopranos" fan and an angry HBO
subscription-canceling "Sopranos" fan.

In case you missed the very last scene of the very last episode of "The
Sopranos" Sunday night, Tony Soprano, his irritatingly suburban wife, Carmela,
and his useless son, A.J., sit in a booth at Holsten's diner waiting for Tony's
mob princess daughter, Meadow, who is struggling to parallel-park her vehicle.
While they wait, they eat onion rings, and customers of varying degrees of
shadiness come and go. Those include one especially suspicious-looking guy who
heads into the men's loo, causing "Sopranos" fanatics to get the "ooh, it's 'The
Godfather' all over again!" vapors.

But the guy does not emerge with a gun and blow away Tony, like Al Pacino's
Michael Corleone did to corrupt cop Mark McCluskey and mobster Virgil Sollozzo
in "The Godfather."

Instead, Meadow finally uses the Braille parking method favored by people from
Maryland and Virginia when visiting Georgetown -- pull forward until you hit the
car in front of you, then pull back until you hit the car behind you, then split
the difference -- and runs inside to join her family.

But then the TV screen abruptly goes black and completely silent for 11
excruciating seconds, during which millions of viewers frantically search for
their cable- or satellite-provider customer-service number to register their
outrage over an outage during the most important scene in the most important
series in the history of TV. Then, the end credits start to run, letting viewers
know their cable or satellite did not go out -- it was just Chase's way of
thanking them for their nearly 10-year investment in his show. THE END.

According to Yahoo.com rep Carolyn Clark, Yahoo searches on "Sopranos sucked,"
"Sopranos finale sucked" and "Sopranos ending sucked" pretty much sum up the
feeling of many viewers who felt they deserved an actual, um, ending, which, of
course, is one of the trappings of the television medium Chase so deplores.
Clark didn't have exact numbers but said the quantity of searches had to have
been "significant" to register on the Yahoo buzz-o-meter. "The fact there are
more searches [on "Sopranos"] than on Paris Hilton today is very significant,"
she told The TV Column.

So many angry "Sopranos" fans tried to register their complaints on HBO's Web
site, the channel shut it down temporarily Sunday night.

Then fans stormed other sites.

A bunch, who were way mad at the way Chase had messed with them in the finale,
started messing with his Wikipedia entry, adding lines such as: "[Chase] gained
mainstream recognition for creating and then destroying the HBO series 'The
Sopranos' which is currently being debated as the worst ending to an American
Television series in history."

Finally, the brain trust at Wikipedia locked the page from further "editing"
until June 18, citing "vandalism."

Similarly, because of obscenities, http://Freerepublic.com had to pull a
discussion thread in which people were commenting on a Salon piece it had linked
to. The Salon article wondered, "Is Chase brilliant for so thoroughly subverting
our expectations or . . . is he just an [expletive]?"

Chase, an HBO rep told The TV Column yesterday, "is in France and letting
everybody discuss [the ending] amongst themselves." He said Chase had "no plans
to discuss the ending with people."

Plenty of people wanted to discuss the ending with Chase. And not just viewers
-- some TV critics, too:

"Poor ol' David Chase -- sitting poolside in the south of France right now,
laughing his [heinie] off at the angry patter of a million fans," blogged a
clearly miffed Verne Gay of Newsday.

"David, you are an arrogant man -- ultimately trapped by the very medium you so
haughtily dismissed for so many years, even while you availed yourself of its
generous pay scale," he continued.

"We waited 8 years for this?" chimed in the headline writer at the New York
Daily News. Not to be outdone, the New York Post went with "Show's Finale Fires
'Blanks.' "

"Chase clearly didn't give a damn about his fans. Instead, he [relieved himself]
in their faces. This is why America hates Hollywood," noted LA Weekly's Deadline
Hollywood blogger Nikki Finke.

"So this is how it ends: with a big, raised middle finger aimed straight at the
TV audience," added Eric Deggans of the St. Petersburg Times.

Angry viewer comments ranged from "David Chase recently said he was influenced
by Fellini and European films . . . hey Chase, this is Jersey we're talking
about. If I ever get the chance I'd like to kick you in the [groin]" to the more
streamlined "MOST HORRIBLE EPISODE EVER and you think it was good wake up."

In fairness, not everyone hated the ending; some leapt to Chase's defense:

"Personally, I think the ending was perfect," wrote one on the Web site of trade
publication TV Week.

"You can believe it ended the way you wanted it to. If you think Tony got
whacked, then he got whacked. If you want to think things are continuing
'business as usual' then you can have that too."

English-lit fans who liked the ending really got a chance to strut their stuff
yesterday. Some insisted the "Sopranos" final scene was a clincher for that
great line Macbeth got off in his play -- you know, the one that goes, "Life's
but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the
stage and then is heard no more; it is a tale told by an idiot full of sound and
fury, signifying nothing."

There was some disagreement as to whether the final nine episodes represent the
nine circles of Hell in Dante's "The Divine Comedy."

And, theologians debated onion rings as Eucharist.

Some critics, most of whom came from the "Sopranos"-as-greatest-TV-drama-
of-all-time camp, also liked the finale.

"Whether you were waiting for one of the more popular predicted endings -- Tony
in Witness Protection, Tony killed by Phil's guys, Furio and/or the Russian
coming back for revenge, what have you -- or just for an ending, period, chances
are that cut-to-black had you pulling a William Shatner in 'Wrath of Khan,'
pointing your face at the heavens and bellowing, 'CHAAAAASE!!!!!!' " wrote
Newark Star-Ledger critic Alan Sepinwall.

"And yet the finale, both the first 55 minutes of it and that sadistic last
scene, fit perfectly with everything Chase has done on this show before."

Dallas Morning News media critic Tom Maurstad asked rhetorically: "So 'The
Sopranos' ends with what may be the most frustrating episode ever. Could there
be a more appropriate conclusion to a series that all along refused to cater to
audience desires?"

In conclusion, for all you "Sopranos" fans who speculated Tony died when that
last scene went black because those people in Holsten's were various characters
from the series' past who had tried to do in our Tony, you are mistaken,
according to the HBO rep.

And, if you are hoping to weigh the final scene that aired against the two
alternative endings, that will never happen because, contrary to reports, there
were no alternative endings shot, the HBO rep said.

But most important, if you were counting on . . .

[CUT TO BLACK]

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Craig Blankenhorn -- Hbo Via Reuters; Many viewers had
trouble digesting the final scene in the series finale of "The Sopranos," as
Tony, Carmela and A.J. consider what might have been their last meal.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 12, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Military Court Assails Navy in Ruling on Tailhook

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 11


The nation's highest military court today rejected the appeal of a Navy aviator
who is trying to avoid trial on charges that he was involved in the Tailhook
sexual harassment scandal. But in strikingly strong language, the court accused
the Navy of displaying a "careless and amateurish approach" to the case.

The United States Court of Military Appeals ruled that the officer, Lieut. David
Samples, did not receive immunity from prosecution in exchange for cooperating
with the Navy authorities. The panel's 5-to-0 decision allows the Navy to
prosecute Lieutenant Samples on charges of indecent assault at the 1991
convention of the Tailhook Association, a private group of naval aviators, in
Las Vegas, Nev. No date has been set for the trial.

But in the latest criticism of the Navy's handling of the Tailhook prosecutions,
the court said that the Navy had employed an "assembly-line technique" in
seeking the cooperation of Lieutenant Samples and 20 other officers that "merged
and blurred investigative and justice procedure."

The court said Navy officials had failed to have Lieutenant Samples's lawyers
present when they explained what kind of immunity he would receive and gave
confusing statements to the officer.

'Amateurish Approach'

At best, said the court: "It reflects a most curiously careless and amateurish
approach to a very high-profile case by experienced military lawyers and
investigators. At worst, it raises the possibility of a shadiness in respecting
the rights of military members caught up in a criminal investigation."

The Navy today praised the court's ruling on the Lieutenant's case, but declined
comment on the court's criticism.

Lieutenant Samples, a 28-year-old naval flight officer stationed at Whidbey
Island, Wash., was granted "testimonial" immunity by Vice Adm. J. Paul Reason,
the admiral overseeing the Navy Tailhook cases. That meant that Lieutenant
Samples could not be prosecuted for what he told investigators.

But Lieutenant Samples argued that he had been promised immunity from any
prosecution for conduct at the convention. The appeals court said the officer
had no basis for that belief because "he did not honestly perceive such a
promise."

Rebuke Startles Experts

The Lieutenant has said he was on the third floor of the Las Vegas Hilton the
night a drunken woman was passed over the heads of aviators in civilian dress
packed in a hallway, but he has denied taking part in the assault.

Lieutenant Samples was in the first day of his court-martial trial on Oct. 27
when the appeals court suspended the proceedings pending a full hearing.

While the court's ruling did not surprise authorities on military law, the stern
rebuke to the Navy did.

"Those were very harsh words from the court," said Eugene R. Fidell, a
Washington lawyer who is an expert in military law. "This ruling signals that
the court will be vigilant to make sure that the pubic hue and cry over the
Tailhook imbroglio doesn't turn into a wholesale disregard of individuals'
rights."

Cases Have Unraveled

The Navy Department's handling of the Tailhook cases has been plagued with
problems since a report last April by the Defense Department's Inspector General
accused 140 Navy and Marine Corps fliers of indecent exposure and assault during
the convention and of lying under oath during an investigation.

The military has fined or disciplined about 50 officers, but charges against
most of the remaining fliers have been dropped for lack of evidence. Accusations
in some of the most prominent cases have steadily unraveled in the past few
months.

Military lawyers say the prosecution's skimpy track record reflects the
difficulty in translating accusations of sexual harassment into criminal charges
that will hold up in court.

An assault case brought against Capt. Gregory J. Bonam of the Marines was
dismissed last October when Marine prosecutors concluded that the officer's
accuser, Lieut. Paula Coughlin of the Navy, had identified the wrong man.

2 Cases Still Open

The opinions of the legal adviser to Admiral Reason were disqualified in five
courts-martial, including Lieutenant Samples's case, and ordered redone by other
Navy lawyers, leading to the reduction of charges in virtually all cases. A
military judge, Capt. William T. Vest, ruled that the legal adviser, Capt.
Jeffry A. Williams, was biased.

In addition to Lieutenant Samples, two other Navy officers still face trial on
charges from the Tailhook convention, Comdr. Thomas R. Miller and Comdr. Gregory
Tritt, who are charged with failing to stop junior officers from grabbing and
molesting women at the convention.


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              30 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 8, 2011 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Mortgage fraud report includes a bunch of bull

BYLINE: Richard Mize

SECTION: BUSINESS; Richard Mize; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 473 words


The difference between speculation and a bubble? Gamblers speculate, and there
are always gamblers in real estate. But where there's a bubble, there is always
bull.

And the bull keeps oozing from the wreckage of the busted housing bubble.

With banks re-examining loans made during the housing boom - oh, let's speak
plainly: with some banks finally looking hard at loans they made during the
housing boom - mortgage fraud reports jumped 88 percent nationally in the second
quarter.

That's according to a report from the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network, which said banks' mortgage collection departments filed
29,558 suspicious activity reports involving possible loan fraud in the three
months that ended June 30. That compared with 15,727 reports filed in the same
quarter of 2010.

The height of the bubble saw the most suspicious loans, with the lion's share of
shadiness coming four or more years ago, much of it just now coming to light.

California, not surprisingly, had more reports of suspected fraud on a per
capita basis than any other state, followed, not surprisingly, by Florida and
Nevada. It's not surprising because that's where most of the bull ran in the
streets of booming neighborhoods that are now part of the wreckage.

In Oklahoma, which boomed, and where speculators were even welcomed into the
single-family homes market - especially Californians with money to burn from
pre-bust gains - mortgage fraud reports also increased in the second quarter.

The numbers weren't immediately available, but Oklahoma ranked 35th among the
states, up from 42nd in the second quarter of 2010. But since the first quarter
of 2009, the state has ranked between 35th and 43rd among federal mortgage fraud
rankings.

In addition, fraud reports in the second quarter landed Oklahoma City at 31st
among the top 50 U.S. metropolitan areas - a sizable jump to it's highest
ranking on the list of lowness in loan underwriting since the first quarter of
2009. Before the second quarter, Oklahoma ranked between 39th and 49th among the
big cities.

So this is something to watch, and not just to be ready for more shoes to drop.

A few pretty big mortgage fraud shoes, dripping with bubbly bull, have dropped
here despite our relatively low rankings. Oak Tree comes to mind, as well as
some recent pleadings in some nefarious multifamily housing schemes.

It's worth watching to see how Oklahoma's reputation for enjoying the best of
the boom, while sidestepping the worst of the bubble and bust, holds up.

I'm thinking it'll hold up for the most part. Oklahomans know bull when they
smell it, and having stepped in it before, most of us do know better to step in
it again - especially lenders and investors with old bull-crusted shoes and
ostrich quill boots from the 1980s kept in the back of a closet as reminders.


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 23, 2002 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

AT THE MOVIES

BYLINE:   By Dave Kehr

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
8

LENGTH: 1120 words


Tunis by Night Is a Cabaret

Raja Amari is a slight, 31-year-old Tunisian who bears no resemblance to the
heroine of her first feature film, "Satin Rouge," which opens today in New York
City (review, Page 22). Set in the shadowy world of the belly-dance cabarets of
Tunis, the film tells the story of a middle-aged, full-bodied widow (Hiam
Abbass) who discovers a new degree of personal freedom as a dancer in a
late-night club.

"It's not autobiographical," Ms. Amari said in French on a recent visit to New
York. "And it's not about my mother, either." For Ms. Amari, "Satin Rouge" was
her way of returning to an older Arab cinema. "Dance is very important in Arab
films, and it has been since the beginning," she said. "Every time I see those
films from the 30's and 40's, I find them much more daring and audacious and
free than the Arab cinema of today."

"In the old movies," Ms. Amari said, "it was always from the point of view of
the man watching. But here, I wanted to introduce the point of view of the
dancer. I also wanted to penetrate the mysteries of Tunis because it is a city
in which things are very different by day and by night. I tried to find a
character who could cross between those two worlds, to see what's behind the red
satin curtain that hangs in the doorways of the cabarets."

For all their shadiness, Ms. Amari believes, the cabarets offer something to
Arab women that the daytime world does not.

"The power that comes with exhibiting a body -- it does exist in the wider
society, but in a less forthright manner," she said. "But in the cabarets, the
dancer is able to impose respect. With the prospect of prostitution, it is not
always joyous, but it is true that the cabaret offers an unbelievable space of
freedom for women."

Tunisia has long had the reputation of being the most liberal of the Arab
states. Ms. Amari agrees, to a point. "From the first days of independence," she
said, "there have been laws that are very advantageous to women. The abolition
of polygamy, for example, came very early. The problem is that although the laws
are advanced, the society hasn't always followed them, which creates enormous
contradictions. I've noticed that Algerian women, who don't have the same rights
under the law, are much more competitive than Tunisian women, who have the laws
but who are much more quiet and passive."

A Terrible Beauty

With the boxing drama "Undisputed," which opens nationally today (review, Page
12), the director and writer Walter Hill is releasing his first theatrical film
since "Last Man Standing" in 1996. Mr. Hill is one of the most important
stylists in American action filmmaking; his early achievements include "Hard
Times" (1975), "The Driver" (1978) and "The Warriors" (1979), a film that became
a founding text of the hip-hop movement. But he hasn't been a good fit with the
increasingly conservative management of the major studios.

"I had a big fight and got fired from my last studio film," Mr. Hill said from
his office in Los Angeles, referring to the science-fiction film "Supernova,"
which eventually opened without Mr. Hill's name on it. "Undisputed" was produced
by a consortium of small companies, both American and European. Going
independent meant the film would have a restricted budget ($15 million) and a
tight shooting schedule (39 days), but also that it might escape the system with
some of Mr. Hill's personality intact.

And it has. "Undisputed" is the story of a Mike Tyson-ish heavyweight champ
(Ving Rhames), sentenced to a high-security prison for rape, who is drawn into a
bout with the prison champion (Wesley Snipes), who is serving a life sentence
for killing his wife.

"I really wanted to do something about boxing," Mr. Hill said. "I've been a fan
since I was a kid, and my father was a big boxing aficionado, as his father had
been. And as we all know, there's been a strange fascination among artists and
intellectuals with boxing for a long time. There's probably nothing terrible you
can say about boxing that I won't agree with, and at the same time it's only
part of the story. There's a terrible beauty to it as well."

For Mr. Hill, the themes of "Undisputed" coalesced in his mind only after the
picture was completed, and at a test screening a man rose to ask an accusative
question: So, you're asking us to choose between rooting for a rapist and
rooting for a murderer?

"I said to myself, 'You know, that was the entire point,' " Mr. Hill remembered.
"I don't think it had ever been so crystallized for me -- that you can find
grace in many different moments, and that people who do not lead exemplary lives
are still capable of moments of grace. I think that idea was always the motor
behind the movie, though it was never so well stated as that guy did."

Discreet Charmer

The esteemed French actor Michel Piccoli was vacationing in Manhattan with his
family a few weeks ago when he took some time out of his museum-hopping schedule
to talk about "I'm Going Home," the Manoel de Oliveira film about an aging actor
that has become a surprise audience favorite on both sides of the Atlantic.
(It's currently at the Film Forum in the South Village.)

But Mr. Piccoli, an impish, spirited man of 76 years and approximately 200 film
appearances, isn't easily pinned down to a single subject. After acknowledging
the success of "I'm Going Home," and the contribution he made to it (in a
completely beguiling performance), his conversation turned to some of the other
filmmakers he has worked with, a daunting list that includes Jean Renoir, Alfred
Hitchcock, Jean-Pierre Melville, Jean-Luc Godard, Jacques Demy and, perhaps his
favorite collaborator, Luis Bunuel. He appeared in six of Mr. Bunuel's films,
including "The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie" (1972) and "Belle de Jour"
(1967).

Mr. Piccoli first met the great Spanish Surrealist when, as a young actor in a
Left Bank play in the early 1950's, he wrote to the author of "Los Olvidados"
and invited him to a performance.

The two men became friends, and Bunuel cast him as a pudgy Mexican priest in the
1956 "Death in the Garden," even though, Mr. Piccoli said, "I was not pudgy, not
Mexican and certainly not a priest."

Despite his anarchist sympathies, Bunuel had a healthy respect for money, Mr.
Piccoli said, speaking in French.

"True artists understand money," he said. "When he lived in America, he counted
his pennies, and in Mexico, too. He once had a Mexican producer say to him:
'There's no more money. We'll have to stop the film.' And just where any other
director in the history of film would have said: 'You're killing me! I'm the
greatest director in the world! You can't do this to me!' Bunuel looked at him
and said: 'O.K., then. We'll finish it tonight.' "

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 24, 2002



CORRECTION: A report in the At the Movies column of Weekend yesterday about
Walter Hill's new film, "Undisputed," misidentified the crime committed by the
boxer played by Wesley Snipes. He was sentenced for killing his wife's lover,
not for killing his wife.

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Tunisian film director Raja Amari on the set of her first
feature film, "Satin Rouge." (Zeitgeist Films)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              32 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

All Aboard to start work on repair facility

BYLINE:

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 391 words


All Aboard Florida announced Friday it will start vertical construction next
week on a rail repair facility for its Brightline passenger train service.

The facility, located just north of downtown West Palm Beach, will be used to
perform maintenance on Brightline's trains. Brightline currently uses the site,
at 601 15th St., to store materials for the rail construction.

Crews have been working at the site since last fall , demolishing existing
buildings and installing rebar. On Monday, the construction team will pour the
first batch of concrete, marking the start of vertical construction at the
facility, Brightline officials said.

Construction is underway on the company's four stations in Miami, Fort
Lauderdale, West Palm Beach and Orlando, and crews in South Florida have begun
work needed to add a second track to the Florida East Coast Railway line.

-- Jen Sorentrue, Malled

Big all-cash deals under scrutiny

Boca Raton sports a rep as a haven for bucket shops, boiler rooms and Maggot
Mile. While the shadiness has faded in recent years, it's perhaps no surprise
that Boca's condo canyons are a destination for dubious cash from Latin America.

The New York Times reported last year that Alejandro Murat Hinojosa, then a top
Mexican housing official, sold a Boca Raton condo in 2013 for $750,000. The
buyer was IMRO 2013 Trust, an entity that doesn't appear to be registered with
Florida's Division of Corporations.

The U.S. Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, or FinCEN,
on Wednesday said it would scrutinize all-cash real estate purchases by
secretive entities.

"FinCEN is concerned that all-cash purchases -- i.e., those without bank
financing -- may be conducted by individuals attempting to hide their assets and
identity by purchasing residential properties through limited liability
companies or other opaque structures," the agency said in a statement.

However, the scrutiny wouldn't have applied to the Boca sale even if the rules
had been in effect. FinCEN says it's focusing only on sales of $3 million or
more in Manhattan and $1 million or more in Miami-Dade County.

"There is a wave of willful blindness about the source of a good portion of the
money coming into real estate investments in South Florida," former Assistant
U.S. Attorney Charles Intriago told The Real Deal in 2013.

-- Jeff Ostrowski, RealTime

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 7, 1992 Tuesday

Clinton faces final hurdle in New York   Primary widely seen as referendum   on
Democratic front-runner's character

BYLINE: COLIN MacKENZIE; GAM

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY COLIN MacKENZIE
Washington Bureau
  WASHINGTON
 Voters in four states go to the polls today in U.S. presidential
primaries that have the potential to reshape the Democratic race for the
White House.

New York is today's Democratic centrepiece, with 244 degates at stake,
out of the four-state total of 362. But on the Republican side, only
voters in the other three states - Wisconsin, Minnesota and Texas - get to
pick between President George Bush and conservative commentator Patrick
Buchanan. New York Republicans cancelled their primary after Mr. Buchanan
failed to get on the ballot.

Even though Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton has a virtually
insurmountable lead in the Democratic delegate totals, today's voting is
widely seen as a referendum on his character.

During the past two months, Mr. Clinton has had to fend off a steady
flow of news stories about womanizing, draft avoidance, financial
shadiness, golfing at a segregated club, marijuana smoking and spousal
insensitivity. These have combined with his smooth, almost glib,
presentation skills to create unease among almost half of the electorate,
according to most polls.

And that, as much as anything he says, has given a boost to the
candidacy of former California governor Jerry Brown, whose anti-
establishment anger has been buttressed by an anyone-but-Clinton surge.

"Brown is the vehicle by which we'll tell America, in our own unique
way, that we want another candidate," New York Teamster leader Barry
Feinstein told The Washington Post. "We don't like him, but we will use
him."

If Mr. Clinton wins handily, and the polls suggest he could, Mr.
Feinstein and other party elders will have to rally round, no matter how
unhappily.

If, on the other hand, Mr. Clinton loses, there will be a frenzy of
speculation about his weaknesses for the three weeks between today and the
Pennsylvania primary on April 28.

The whispered worries of Democratic leaders (a group of senators met
privately on Friday to wring their hands over Mr. Clinton) would swiftly
spread into the open.

Even so, it is extremely late to find a new candidate. The June 2 New
Jersey primary is the only contest open to new entrants, and its filing
deadline is Thursday.

Paul Tsongas, who withdrew from the race last month, is likely to get
back in if Mr. Clinton does poorly, but he, too, would face major problems
in overtaking Mr. Clinton's delegate lead.

In their final day of campaigning yesterday, Mr. Clinton and Mr. Brown
exchanged barbs at one televised debate, but turned to sweetness and light
at their next encounter on Donahue.

"The campaign this fall is going to be much rougher than anything Bill
and I have engaged in," Mr. Brown told reporters, with a smiling Mr.
Clinton at his side.

Mr. Brown then headed for upstate New York and Wisconsin, a state that
has historically supported insurgent candidacies such as his own and where
he hopes to blunt the effect of any New York loss.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     May 14, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

VSE gets tough on shadiness

BYLINE: JAC MACDONALD, EDMONTON JOURNAL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 286 words


A Vancouver Stock Exchange geologist felt the assay results on a gold sample
from Dessir Resources Ltd. were a little on the rich side.

They were.

A second independent geologist's report of a drill core on the company's
California property found no gold values. Placer gold samples had been "salted"
into the original sample, exchange spokesman Dave Laundy said.

Dessir's share prices had risen to $ 3.35 last year from less than a dollar
after the company issued what some called "spectacular" assay results.

The company's share prices dropped dramatically to less than 20 cents after the
stock exchange asked the company to issue a news release on the new findings
late last month.

There is no indication that anybody in the company was involved in the salting
of the core samples, said Laundy, who is the exchange's vice-president of public
affairs.

"The company was very co-operative through the whole process," he said.

RCMP and the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation are now trying to determine
who the culprit was, he said Wednesday.

The Dessir incident shows that the Vancouver Stock Exchange is serious about
cleaning up its image and attracting more venture capital companies, he said.

"It's us doing our job, but it's sad for the company," he said.

Laundy, who was in Edmonton as part of an Alberta swing to promote the exchange,
said the VSE has hired a British banker to work the U.S. and European financial
communities.

"The reputation of the VSE was getting in the way of attracting business which
we should attract," he said.

Derek Walker, a former vice-president of marketing for the National Westminster
Bank in Great Britain, joined VSE staff in January.



LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 12, 2007 Friday

New This Week

SECTION: FEATURES WEEKEND; Pg. W16

LENGTH: 336 words


Street Fight ***1/2 (Netflix, '05) $24.95 DVD. 82 mins. Skin color and scare
tactics - not campaign issues - dominated the 2002 Newark, N.J., mayoral race.
Marshall Curry records it all in his Academy Award-nominated documentary that
follows the battle between Cory Booker and Sharpe James. Though both candidates
are African American men, Booker - a Rhodes scholar/Yale Law School grad - is
accused of not being a "real" black by James, the four-term incumbent. The
shadiness surrounding this election intensifies as James throws his political,
and physical, weight around to intimidate Booker supporters. NR(profanity, adult
themes) (CC)

Recent Releases

The Illusionist ***1/2 (20th Century Fox, '06) $29.99 DVD. 110 mins. It's the
19th century, and Edward Norton is a magician in Vienna who uses his wizardry to
win the love of a woman above his social standing. With Paul Giamatti, Jessica
Biel, Rufus Sewell, Eddie Marsan. PG-13 (violence, adult themes)

Color of the Cross ** (20th Century Fox, '06) $26.98 DVD. 88 mins. Billed as
controversial, Jean-Claude LaMarre's film dramatizes the last days of Jesus
Christ's life to consider the question: Was Jesus persecuted for the color of
his skin? With Johann John Jean, Adam Green. R (violence, adult themes)

New to DVD

Bandidas(20th Century Fox, '05) $27.98 DVD. 92 mins. Penélope Cruz and Salma
Hayek are bank-robbing outlaws galloping through Mexico to avenge their fathers
in this Western comedy. With Steve Zahn, Dwight Yoakam. PG-13 (sexuality,
nudity, violence)

Stars:**** Excellent; *** Good; ** Fair; * Poor. Videos with no stars were not
reviewed by The Inquirer.MPAA ratings: Motion Picture Association of America
ratings are included for titles that received them. If the title was reviewed by
The Inquirer, further parental warnings (violence, nudity, etc.) are included.
(CC): Closed captioned.

- Compiled by Lloylita Prout

New This Week

Next week

Hard Scrambled

Gridiron Gang

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning

Jan. 23

Brokeback Mountain

The Guardian

Jesus Camp

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            November 29, 2013 Friday

Between slavery and import-export trade

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 227 words


Our world can offer people myriad occupations, often a tad tough for simpler
types to comprehend. Thus, many job descriptions nowadays might puzzle people of
an earlier, somewhat more monochromatic, generation. For people of an earlier
India, the plodding government employee used to be the archetype of a safe,
sound, sensible "job". The babuused to be quite the obscure object of desire.

Then again, that could also be called a time when a certain shadiness was
implicit in saying one was involved in the "import-export" business, or, often,
it was quite the admission of being a goldchain twirling bad 'un. But even the
savvier among the newer batches, the ones who can calmly differentiate between
an "analyst" and an "ethical hacker" might blanch at what can apparently pass
for an occupation in Georgia, US.

A soon-to-be-startled soul, it seems, wanting to sign up for jury duty, in a
county in that US state, hit "s" on the list of occupations on the relevant
online form, hoping to key in "sales", and was, er, shaken when he got "slave"
as an option. Suitably flipped, the person raised quite a kerfuffle. Some rights
activists muttered dark things about this not quite being a joke. The court
apparently removed the option quickly, and is investigating. What about having
that "import-export" thingummy as an option here?

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                October 1, 2012

Swann Dives In: A Henry Swann Novel

BYLINE: Teresa L. Jacobsen

SECTION: REVIEWS; Mystery; Pg. 62 Vol. 137 No. 16

LENGTH: 162 words


Depressed and at loose ends, New Yorker Henry Swann (a self-identified skip
tracer) gets his mojo back when he takes a case involving a missing adult
daughter. He doesn't particularly like his high-powered client, but he agrees to
determine the whereabouts of the college-age Marcy, who seems to have
disappeared with her perpetual-graduate-student boyfriend, Sean. As Henry pokes
around the academic haunts of Syracuse and Harvard, he learns more about the
elusive couple--most important, that they are active in the rare book auction
business. The intricacies and shadiness of the trade enabled a major crime,
Henry decides, and he pursues determinedly. Meanwhile, threats to his well-being
suggest the trail is very warm.

VERDICT Antihero PI Swann's sophomore case (after Swann's Last Song) delivers
the goods in this well-paced literary mystery. Salzberg's soft-boiled touch
makes this clever bibliophile case a fun read, particularly with its abundant
literary references.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

Here comes Brady vs. Goodell;
QB takes revenge mission to Houston

BYLINE: Nancy Armour, narmour@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 552 words


No more ducking, Roger Goodell.

The NFL commissioner wouldn't come to New England to see Tom Brady and the
Patriots play, so they're taking the game to him. Ever been to one of those
uncomfortable parties where the host invites someone praying he or she doesn't
show up and then they do? Yeah. Super Bowl LI is going to be just like that,
only way more awkward because the entire world will be watching.

When former Patriots quarterback-turned-radio analyst Scott Zolak held up a
yellow sign late in the third quarter asking "Where is Roger," Gillette Stadium
actually shook, the approving roar in response was so loud.

Nope, there's nowhere for the commissioner to hide now. Brady's (abbreviated)
season-long revenge campaign is almost complete after he reached his seventh
Super Bowl with a surgical 36-17 win against the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday
night.

All that's left is for Brady to flash that Cheshire cat grin as he accepts the
MVP trophy from Goodell two weeks from now. And if you've followed the
Deflategate saga at all, or Brady for that matter, you just know that's coming.

For those trapped on a remote island for the last two years, a recap: The
Indianapolis Colts accused the Patriots of using deflated footballs in the AFC
Championship Game in January 2015. Based on fuzzy science and some shadiness by
Brady and two New England equipment guys, the NFL decided that the Patriots
were, in fact, cheating.

New England was docked a first-round draft pick and fined $1 million -- the
largest fine in NFL history, mind you. Patriots owner Robert Kraft opted not to
fight the punishment imposed in May 2015, hoping Goodell would show leniency
toward Brady.

Fat. Chance.

Goodell takes the protection of his beloved "shield" personally, and anyone he
thinks is playing fast and loose with the rules is going to feel his wrath. Even
if that person is a future Hall of Fame quarterback and current NFL poster boy.

Goodell suspended Brady for four games -- a harsher sentence than some domestic
abusers have gotten. The punishment was delayed while it went through the court
system, but Brady finally served it at the start of this season.

Meanwhile, Kraft and Patriots fans have seethed at the injustice of it all,
believing Brady and their team were targeted as payback for all of their
success. (Four Super Bowl titles, and counting, since the 2001 season for those
keeping track.) All that vitriol once reserved for the New York Yankees was
turned on Goodell.

And don't think Goodell doesn't know it.

Once a close friend of Kraft's -- he was a guest at the owner's pre-AFC
Championship Game party two years ago -- he has been conspicuously absent the
last two years. He skipped the season opener here in 2015, an unheard-of slight
for the NFL's kickoff party.

After being in Atlanta for last week's divisional round, it would have made
sense for him to come to New England. No offense to the Packers or Falcons, but
that rivalry doesn't compare with Steelers-Patriots.

But nooooo. Goodell decided it was better that he again go to Atlanta, where he
could roam the sideline before the game without fear for his physical safety or
wardrobe.

"Where is Roger?" came the taunting chants as Brady piled up the points in a
record-setting performance.

Oh, Brady and the Patriots will see Goodell soon enough.

In the Super Bowl.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Winslow Townson, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GOT IT RIGHT, DID IT WRONG

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 461 words


State senators were right when they took the extraordinary step of voting, 53 to
8, to expel convicted criminal Hiram Monserrate from their ranks.

But they were ordinary - disgustingly, Al-banally ordinary - in the way they did
it. Not only did many key players, including Democratic boss John Sampson and
Majority Leader Pedro Espada, fight the measure tooth and nail, but they
brokered a deal in a back room rather than debating it with clarity and courage
on the Senate floor.

History will record not only the morality of the ultimate ousting, but the
shadiness and cowardice of how it all went down.

For months after Monserrate's conviction of misdemeanor assault for violently
manhandling his girlfriend - whom he almost certainly slashed with a glass,
though a court could not convict him of that offense, in large part because she
would not cooperate - we were told that the Senate would consider a measure to
expel him. A measure to censure him would also reach the floor.

This was promising; New Yorkers would hear what their elected representatives
thought of Monserrate's offense, and they would see them vote on his punishment.

Then Albany worked its black magic. Almost immediately after the Senate convened
Tuesday, members left - and the Democrats, in a closed-door secret session,
tried to decide what to do.

For five hours, they deliberated. No records were kept. No transcript. This is
how things work in the Kremlin, or in corporate boardrooms doing damage control
on a recalled product. This is not how things are meant to work in a democracy.

According to reports, only 16 of the 32 Democrats in that room favored
Monserrate's ouster; the other half, including Espada, pushed a pretend
expulsion measure offered by Sampson that was just a gussied-up censure.

That would have slapped Monserrate on the wrist while granting him a six-month
reprieve to appeal his conviction. Failing that, he would finally be expelled
this summer - but of course, the legislative session would be over by then.

In other words, it was a sham.

Finally, late in the evening, senators came back on the floor to face the people
and the music. But in that open session, not a single member went on the record
to explain why the Senate should expel a colleague for the first time ever.

Not one. The lights came on and they scurried.

Just three senators, one being Monserrate himself, took the floor to argue
against expulsion. Ruben Diaz said no, on the delusional grounds that this was
an anti-Hispanic plot. Espada, who has no shame, said no as well.

Also voting no were Kevin Parker, who faces his own assault indictment, and Carl
Kruger, the kook they made Finance Committee chairman.

Right prevailed, but the Democratic leadership had to be dragged kicking and
screaming to do it.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              40 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                  Yemen Times

                                  May 2, 2011

Daily Mail launches weird attack on Obama's father

LENGTH: 514 words


Here's a clever thing the the U.K.'s Daily Mail did in response to the release
of President Barack Obama's long-form birth certificate: a brief little item on
how Obama's father was a "slippery character." Says the Daily Mail, "With a
father like this, it is little wonder President Obama did not want to release
his full birth certificate" -- well, o-kay! (Naturally, this story was picked up
this morning by Fox Nation.)



Gathered in this brief are a range of things attesting to the senior Obama's
youthful shadiness, including a whiff of polygamy and the fact that his
University of Hawaii student advisor noted that he was chasing a lot of tail at
college and "cautioned him about his playboy ways." It's implied that the former
charge was briefly considered "as a grounds to deny him a visa extension;" the
latter basically describes almost every man you ever met at college.

But here's where they go off the rails:

Obama senior married Stanley Ann Dunham, a white student from Kansas, not only
when he was said to have already been married to a woman in Kenya, but at a time
when interracial marriages were still illegal in many parts of the U.S.

According to the Daily Mail, this is part of "new, rather more interesting side"
of Obama's life that has just "emerged." But the implication that Obama was
delaying the release of his birth certificate in order to keep the world from
finding out about his father's polygamist past is quite daft. This was already
widely known. Here is Nicholas Kristof's column from December 4, 2008:

Obama's late grandfather is said to have been the first person in the area to
wear Western clothes rather than just a loincloth. For a time he converted to
Christianity and adopted the family name Johnson.

Later he converted to Islam, taking four wives. Obama's father, who apparently
converted to Catholicism while attending a Roman Catholic school, was also
polygamous in keeping with local custom, taking an informal Kenyan wife who
preceded Obama's mother but remained a consort, according to accounts by local
people and the senator himself.

Of course, what's even more amusing is the implication that part of what makes
Obama's father a "slippery character" is that he married a white woman, in open
defiance of old laws forbidding interracial marriage that are now generally held
to be embarrassingly racist.

Ironically, the aforementioned Kristof piece basically predicted that articles
like this one from the Daily Mail would circulate, forever:

Frankly, I worry that enemies of Obama will seize upon details like his
grandfather's Islamic faith or his father's polygamy to portray him as an alien
or a threat to American values. But snobbishness and paranoia ill-become a
nation of immigrants, where one of our truest values is to judge people by their
own merits, not their pedigrees. If we call ourselves a land of opportunity,
then Obama's heritage doesn't threaten American values but showcases them.

Yeah, sure, but now that we know that Obama is a biracial anchor baby for racial
tolerance, surely he can be impeached, or something.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 13


     Copyright 2011 Yemen Times - Yemen Times Press, Printing & Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              41 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday

VIDEO RELEASES

SECTION: A; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 271 words


Paul Giamatti and Edward Norton in 'The Illusionist.'

Capsule reviews of new DVD releases follow.

STREET FIGHT (Netflix) $24.95 DVD. 82 minutes. Skin color and scare tactics -
not issues - dominated the 2002 Newark, N.J., mayoral race. And Marshall Curry
records it all in his Oscar-nominated documentary that follows the battle
between Cory Booker and Sharpe James. Though both candidates are
African-American men, Booker - a Rhodes Scholar/Yale Law School grad - is
accused of not being a "real" black by James, the four-term incumbent. The
shadiness surrounding this election intensifies as James throws his political -
and physical - weight around to intimidate Booker supporters. NR (profanity,
adult themes) (CC)

1/2

Recent releases:

THE ILLUSIONIST(20th Century Fox, '06) $29.99 DVD. 110 minutes. It's the 19th
century, and Edward Norton is a magician in Vienna who uses his wizardry to win
the love of a woman above his social standing. With Paul Giamatti, Jessica Biel,
Rufus Sewell and Eddie Marsan. PG-13(violence, adult themes)

1/2

COLOR OF THE CROSS(20th Century Fox) $26.98 DVD. 88 minutes. Billed as
controversial, Jean-Claude LaMarre's film dramatizes the last days of Jesus
Christ's life to consider the question: Was Jesus persecuted for the color of
his skin? With Johann John Jean, Adam Green. R (violence, adult themes)

New to DVD:

BANDIDAS (20th Century Fox, '05) $27.98 DVD. 92 minutes. Penelope Cruz and Salma
Hayek are bank-robbing outlaws galloping through Mexico to avenge their fathers
in this Western comedy. With Steve Zahn and Dwight Yoakam. PG-13(sexuality,
nudity, violence)

-- The Philadelphia Inquirer

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                             August 24, 2015 Monday

John Oliver's Church Received "Thousands of Dollars," Seeds and Beef Jerky

BYLINE: THR Staff

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 479  words


Praise be, indeed. John Oliver spoke about the success of his church, Our Lady
of Perpetual Exemption, which he created to showcase the shadiness of
televangelists.

"To be honest, slightly more of you responded than we were expecting," Oliver
said on Sunday night's program, referring to the donations he received. He said
he believed in the separation of church and the show, so he assumed his "Pastor
John Oliver" character.

He apologized that his "wife" Wanda Jo (Rachel Dratch), couldn't be with him to
address their congregation. "She's at our summer parsonage in Hawaii for a week
for spiritual introspection and occasional parasailing," Oliver said.

"Last week, we asked you to send us your seed offerings, and I would like to
show you a little of what we've received. Look at this harvest that you gave
unto us. Praise unto you," said Oliver, gesturing to a huge pile of crates
filled with letters and packages from donors.

"I think we made it clear that seed faith was metaphorical and we did not want
your actual seeds, which is why it was so disappointing that someone sent this
gigantic bag of seeds to us through the mail," said Oliver, holding up a bag of
seeds. "It was the biggest bag of seeds I had ever seen. Until the next day when
this actual bag of seeds turned up," he said, lifting up an even larger,
pillowcase-sized white bag."

Read MoreJohn Oliver Starts His Own Church to Expose "Predatory" Televangelists

He reiterated that Our Lady of Perpetual Exemption wants actual money, and asked
that people not send seeds, or beef jerky, which apparently was also sent. (All
of the money received will be donated to Doctors Without Borders.)

"Also let me be clear, we want U.S. currency," added Oliver. "I should have
mentioned that last week because we have received currency from all over the
world, including this $100 trillion bill from Zimbabwe. I was actually genuinely
excited about this and was about to send 100 trillion blessings your way until I
checked the exchange rate and found out this is worth about 40 cents, so now, I
wouldn't even bless you if you f-ing sneeze."

He then addressed the viewers who sent U.S. currency. "Great blessings unto you.
We have received thousands of envelopes with thousands of dollars - some
featuring heartwarming notes, such as this $5 bill attached to this letter
reading, " 'Take my seed, you rat-faced bastard.' Praise be."

Read MoreJohn Oliver Emphasizes Need for LGBT Anti-Discrimination Laws

"We also received multiple checks, including this one for $65 billion, which you
may have sent in as a joke, but guess what? We're f-ing cashing it. So who's
laughing now?"

"The more money you send in, the more blessings will be returned to you," said
Oliver as he closed the segment. "And that is still something I'm - amazingly -
legally allowed to say."

As the credits rolled, Oliver said again, "No more seeds. Money."

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 22, 2005, Friday

HOPKINS, GO TO YOUR CORNER

BYLINE: COREY LONG The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 492 words


So much for the self-made man.

For years, Bernard Hopkins has promoted himself as being above the shadiness of
boxing. He managed himself and dealt only with small-time promotional groups to
run his fights. He was not going to be a pawn to federations or the Don Kings
and Bob Arums of the world.

By all accounts, he was one of the few straight-forward people in boxing. It was
expected that after his loss to Jermain Taylor, Hopkins would accept it like a
man and look forward to the rematch.

Wrong. Instead Hopkins did what many boxers do when they don't like a decision:
He ran to the athletic commission to beg for an appeal. He is basing his
complaint off the fact that a judge, Duane Ford, gave Taylor the 12th round. Had
Ford given Hopkins the 12th, the fight would have been a draw.

"I'd be doing a disservice if I didn't challenge something that's in dispute
around the world, based on a judge thinking Jermain Taylor won a round that
everybody else says I won," Hopkins told The New York Times. "Duane Ford exposed
something that we're trying to find out, if there is something to be found out."

In actuality, Hopkins is doing a disservice by continuing this farce. He
believes he won the fight. Fine. Two of the three judges disagree. That means he
lost the fight.

He is also failing to live up to his responsibility. Hopkins was the one who
decided he didn't need to fight until the ninth round, not the judges. Hopkins
was the one who failed to take advantage of a weakened Taylor in the 10th and
11th rounds, not the judges.

If he wants to place blame for his defeat Saturday night, he need only look in
the mirror.

Although it's surprising that Hopkins has decided to take this route after a
close loss, it really shouldn't be once I consider who his promotions partner
is.

Oscar De La Hoya, head of Golden Boy promotions, has never been in a fight he
didn't win. After close losses to Felix Trinidad and Shane Mosley, De La Hoya
whined in the public and privately about how was he cheated by judges who were
jealous of his stardom.

He forgot that his same stardom awarded him controversial decisions against
Pernell Whitaker and Felix Sturm.

For Hopkins, it's a similar path. In fights against Robert Allen and Howard
Eastman, he was able to sloth his way through the early rounds and enjoy the
benefit of equally cautious opponents.

But last Saturday, Taylor decided to accept Hopkins' gifts in the early rounds
and held on to win the fight. Taylor chose to fight all 12 rounds Saturday, even
the rounds he clearly lost.

Hopkins wasn't cheated or robbed as some other writers claim. He was lazy.

But now it's time to put the past to bed. If Hopkins is half the man he claims
to be in sound bites, he'll accept his loss like a man and start preparing for a
December rematch.

The last thing boxing needs is a sore loser.

Corey Long can be reached at corey.long@theledger.com or at 863-802-7556.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              44 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 30, 2001 Friday

THE READING LIST

BYLINE: Simon Houpt

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS MAGAZINE; Pg. 99

LENGTH: 294 words


EMPIRE
   by Mitchell Pacelle (Wiley, $43.50)

Millions of tourists are awed by the Empire State Building's  art-deco romance
every year. But who knew it was a concrete Siren that calls men to their doom?

In this colourful history, Wall Street Journal reporter Mitchell Pacelle plumbs
the building's powerful allure. The early days of Al Smith and John Raskob's
majestic skyscraper were raucous enough: near financial ruin for its founders;
suicides off the observation deck; and-eerily-the crash of a B-25 bomber into
the 79th floor. And even after losing its distinction as the tallest structure
in New York City (a status it regained, unhappily, after Sept. 11), the building
inspired an epic clash for control, which consumes most of the book.

In 1991, an aging Tokyo industrialist, Hideki Yokoi-multisplendoured in his
shadiness-pocketed the building for $40 million (U.S.). Like many an
overconfident real-estate magnate, Yokoi bought with borrowed money and waited
for inflation to make him rich. The drama that ensues, which helped to wreck
Yokoi's billion-dollar empire, affords Pacelle such a three-ring circus of
noxious characters that he doesn't have to break a writerly sweat. They include
the notoriously bitchy Leona Helmsley, who controls a long-term lease on the
building that severely depresses the potential sale price; and the dependably
cartoonish Donald Trump, brought in by one of Yokoi's daughters to try to break
the lease.

The ongoing legal catfight for control-Yokoi has even sued his daughter for
tryin  to steal the building-testifies to the mysterious effect that the Empire
State Building has on prideful players who come too close. Hubris was invented
by the Greeks, but it is alive and well in the heart of New York.          -

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                            July 18, 2002, Thursday

How to Dubya money: a lesson in US capitalism

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Stephen Ellis

SECTION: FINANCE-COLUMN- GREENBACKBACK PAGE; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 824 words


Allegations of corporate misdeeds by President Bush will probably get nowhere,
because it seems he broke no laws

Is President George W.Bush really guilty of his own personal episode of
corporate shadiness, back during his pre-political entrepreneurial career? Yes.
At the very least he stepped close to the line.

But does this directly bear on the current debate about American corporate
ethics, particularly at large public companies? No, almost certainly not. And is
his credibility really in "tatters", due to his earlier conduct? Not so far.

Distasteful though it is to defend Dubya, head of an administration that has
perpetrated some of the lousiest US trade and fiscal policies in a decade (as
bemoaned by this column last week), his antics during his entrepreneurial days
in Texas are just not that relevant.

That is, not relevant unless you buy into a quite different version of
capitalism than the one that has been so successful in the US over the past 50
years, which includes relatively free exercise by the luckier members of society
of economic benefits endowed on them by birth, connections and property rights.

As the ultimate well-connected Republican insider, playing political and
commercial hardball in a state where conflicts of interest are frequent, it
would be surprising if Bush had not stretched the boundaries in the eyes of some
at certain points previous to his elective career.

And he did. His timely sale of almost $US900,000 in Harken Energy stock in 1990,
a few months ahead of an unexpected profit slump, does not quite feel like a
matter of simple good fortune.

Nor, on a less well-publicised front, does the generous decision of his wealthy
co-investors in the Texas Rangers baseball team to spontaneously increase
Dubya's share of the windfall from its 1998 sale from 2 per cent to 12 per cent
of the total -- a move that netted the then Texas governor $US12 million. All
this after a publicly funded ballpark in Arlington greatly increased the team's
value.

But these facts about Bush and his easily greased path to wealth have been
widely reported and known by any vaguely curious member of the public for a long
time -- since way before he landed in the White House.

They have also been examined intently by his political opponents and the media
alike, most of whom agree that it appears no laws were broken -- a judgement
highly unlikely to be reached regarding the behaviour of corporate leaders at
Enron, Andersen, WorldCom and several of the other fallen titans.

Virtually nobody, outside the fringe, is accusing Bush of cooking the books, of
insider trading, or of failing in his fiduciary duties as a director.

They are mostly not even directly complaining about his evident ability to turn
his family's fame and political connections into personal wealth. That's the
American way. Rather, such questions as there are have mostly centred on Bush's
moral authority and ability to impose reform on corporate America at a time of
deep public mistrust, or else on the particular policy measures that he and his
colleagues are proposing.

But suggesting Bush can't effectively deal with the flaws in US corporate
governance because he once made easy money using family connections is about as
logical as suggesting he can't effectively oversee the war on terror because he
wriggled out of service in Vietnam using family connections.

In both cases, the driver of the president's moral authority and political
persuasiveness is not his past actions in private life, but his present stance
in public life.

Despite all the reasons why Bush's alleged bending of the rules during his
previous business career is not pertinent at a policy level, it's virtually
certain it won't disappear as a political issue.

For this, the Republicans have themselves -- and especially their treatment of
the Clintons over matters such as Whitewater -- to blame. In his Clinton
retrospective published earlier this year, The Natural, Washington insider Joe
Klein wrote about the "pyrotechnic hatred that Clinton inspired among his
opponents", and linked this to a no-holds-barred attitude on both sides of US
politics that had steadily gathered strength since Nixon and Watergate.

Klein describes the phenomenon succinctly: "By the time Bill Clinton arrived in
Washington, scandals -- sometimes over the most niggling misdemeanours -- had
become the defining events of public life, often more compelling than elections.
A fierce, undeclared war raged between Democrats and Republicans over what was
loosely called "ethics".

This approach to politics led to investigation after investigation of one side
by the other, culminating during the Clinton years in Whitewater, Travelgate,
and the Monica Lewinsky show.

The Republicans during the 1990s were the worst offenders -- and now it's
payback time. We'll be hearing plenty more about Dubya's alleged corporate
malfeasance.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              46 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                 March 10, 1997

Nomura scandal exposes reach of taint
Linkage of two executives to illegal trading escalates reform arguments

BYLINE: BY KAZUNARI YOKOTA Staff writer

SECTION: MAJOR STORIES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1165 words


The disclosure by Nomura Securities Co. that two of its managing directors
carried out illegal stock transactions strengthens the hand of proponents of a
"Big Bang" reform of Japan's financial system.

But the scandal also shows how shadiness can reach even the system's inner
sanctums, highlighting the enormity of any reform task.

At a stunning news conference after the stock market closed on March 6, Nomura
Executive Vice President Atsushi Saito announced that an internal investigation
showed the illegal transactions had probably taken place and that profits of
tens of millions of yen were funneled to a real-estate company.

The company is run by a relative of a former sokaiya, an extortionist who buys a
small amount of a company's stock and threatens to disrupt its annual
shareholders meeting unless paid off.

The two managing directors involved, whose names have not been made public, face
possible criminal charges over misuse of corporate funds.

Nomura President Hideo Sakamaki indicated in a Nikkei interview he will resign.
"I am the only one who carries a business card with the title of chief executive
officer," he said. "I have a responsibility to shareholders, employees and the
markets, and I will decide on personnel moves when the time comes."

Ministry of Finance officials were seething over Nomura having taken it upon
itself to make the case public and especially over Nomura saying an
investigation by the Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission is about to
conclude. It is not Nomura's role to say what the SESC is doing, ministry
officials said.

Sakamaki told Nikkei that Nomura made the case public out of concern for its
shareholders and overseas investors. Rumors had been widespread that Nomura, the
nation's largest securities company and once its most profitable company, was
under investigation.

The California Public Employees' Retirement System (CALPERS), the largest U.S.
pension fund, announced it is reviewing its asset-management ties with the
Nomura group as a result of the scandal. Other institutions can be expected to
follow suit, all adding pressure on Nomura Securities to demonstrate serious
reform.

Nomura Investment Management Co., an affiliate of the securities company,
announced it is suspending transactions with Nomura Securities. Nomura
Investment had been placing about 20% of its trading orders with Nomura
Securities. Those now will go to other brokers, in an apparent bid by Nomura
Investment to send a message to U.S. pension funds and other clients that their
interests take priority over ties with the Nomura group.

Some economists fear that the scandal could be bigger than Nomura, damaging a
stock market that is already beset by worries over the health of Japan's
financial system and turning away more global investors fed up by the
corruption.

"Reform is needed to guarantee fair competition in the market," said Yushiro
Ikuyo, first vice president of Smith Barney International Inc. in Tokyo. "There
shouldn't be illegal trades like these. It breaks from the fundamental rules of
capitalism."

Finance Minister Hiroshi Mitsuzuka said at a news conference last week "the
ministry will act strictly against Nomura depending on the outcome of an
investigation," referring to the SESC probe.

Some analysts say the scandal could be cathartic for Nomura.

"This scandal is part of the process of bringing out all the corruption of the
old Nomura," said Toru Nakakita, professor of economics at Toyo University in
Tokyo. "The current leaders have succeeded in the old style, but the new leaders
have to change Nomura by cutting its ties to the past." Ikuyo expects the Nomura
scandal to help the government advance the schedule for Japan's Big Bang. "With
this kind of scandal, the government can push the others to reform faster," he
said.

But no one is arguing that the scandals will be good for Nomura in the short
run. The revelations of shady dealings come less than six years after a string
of scandals at Nomura prompted then-President Yoshihisa Tabuchi to resign. The
scandals at then entailed payment of loss compensation to favored clients. The
current scandal is similar in that it also entails payment to a favored client,
though not for losses.

Accounts prohibited

Amendments to the Security and Exchange Law in 1992 prohibit discretionary
accounts, in which a broker makes stock transactions without specific approval
from the client.

Nomura reported the results of its internal investigation, launched on Jan. 8,
to the SESC at the end of February. Saito, the company's executive vice
president, revealed that the commission has been conducting its own probe since
last year.

On the day of Nomura's news conference, rumors in Singapore that the brokerage
was the target of an investigation by authorities in Tokyo triggered volatility
in Japanese stock futures, market watchers said. The March Nikkei futures opened
weak the next day but closed at 18,220 points, up 200 points from the previous
day.

Nomura's stock, which closed at 1,580 yen a share just before the news
conference, closed the next day at 1,530 yen, down 3.16%.

Saito denied that Nomura as a company was involved in any illegal activity,
insisting that the two managing directors acted on their own. He said Nomura
will review the SESC's findings, which he said he expected to be completed soon,
before initiating any legal action against the executives.

Saito revealed that five cases of suspected illegal transactions involving the
sokaiya-linked real-estate concern have been uncovered. He did not provide
details.

But a source at Nomura sketched one of the alleged scams, which occurred on
March 15, 1995.

Nomura sold 7.5 million shares of Fuji Bank on behalf of corporate clients, but
placed at the same time a buy order for 4 million shares on its own trading
account, the source said.

Fuji Bank shares seesawed that day, dropping from 1,950 yen to 1,780 yen in the
morning before making up some lost ground to close at 1,880 yen. Shares
purchased by Nomura's own account were transferred to the account of the
real-estate company, in a move that apparently created roughly 40 million yen in
profit for the client, the source said.

According to the account provided by Saito, the real-estate company was a client
of a managing director in charge of general affairs. The company apparently
colluded with the executive to produce profits for its account. A second
managing director managed the account at the behest of his colleague without
knowing of the client's connections with the former sokaiya, Saito said.

The scandal calls into question the effectiveness of Nomura President Sakamaki's
push to transform Nomura's corporate culture and repair a corporate image badly
damaged by the wave of scandals that rocked the securities industry in 1991.

Nomura, after a recovery effort that was initially criticized as painfully slow,
appeared to have finally gotten back on track, until last week.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              47 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 6, 1994, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Reality of Real Estate Settlements

BOB LEVEY

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE G10; BOB LEVEY'S WASHINGTON

LENGTH: 795 words


The file had gotten dusty and musty, but Levey doesn't hold the title of
world-class pack rat for nothing.

Throughout a rainy Sunday, he combed the attic, and finally found the settlement
sheet for the 1981 purchase of the glorious Levey abode. As lunch began the next
day, he dropped it on the table. It made a loud noise. He had hoped that it
would.

"Ladies," he said, "take a good look. You will see charges that shouldn't have
been charged, fees that shouldn't have been fee-d and inspections that should
have been inspected themselves. It's a total scam. It's a wonder any house deal
is ever consummated, what with all the shenanigans and shadiness that go on at
settlement."

Thus did Tuna IV get off to a spirited, confrontational start. But that only put
it in the same league with Tunas I through III, earlier luncheon get-togethers
involving two Northern Virginia real estate agents and a certain
crusty-but-willing-to-learn columnist.

We three had met by chance last fall in a downtown restaurant. We had disagreed
immediately and passionately about the state and ethics of the local real estate
industry. We had arranged to meet regularly over tuna on rye (Levey, the last of
the red-hot spenders, would treat) to thrash out Real Estate Reality.

Because we had agreed on the topic of Tuna IV two months earlier, the two
Realtors had had time to marshal their arguments. They had taken full advantage.

"Bob," said the taller of the two, "we're not the ones who insist on all those
charges and fees at settlement. Either the law requires them or lawyers strongly
recommend them for the protection of both parties. All we do is arrange the
sale."

"Besides," said the shorter, "this is the biggest purchase most people ever
make. Don't you want to make sure the deed has been recorded? Don't you want to
be absolutely certain that the title is free and clear? Look, I have as much
disdain for lawyers as anyone else. But at settlement, all that legalese and all
those fees actually buy you something."

"Ladies," I said, "may I invite you to look at the figures we're talking about?"
I nudged the Levey settlement sheet across the table. "A title search for $ 350?
Come on. I could hire a high school student to find those records for
one-twentieth as much."

"What if that high-school student made a mistake?" asked the taller Realtor.
"Would you have any protection? At least you can sue a reputable title search
firm if anything goes wrong. With a high-school kid, you'd be looking for blood
out of a stone."

"You may have a point," said Levey, as he chewed a hunk of fish. "But check out
this ripoff: $ 175 to record a deed. What does that recording involve? Entering
it in a ledger? That probably takes about 30 seconds. I'd love to make $ 175 for
30 seconds work."

"Bob," said the shorter Realtor, as she dabbed a napkin at the corner of her
mouth, "a lawyer is paid for his experience. That's why they get so much, even
for a filing that seems simple. Don't you get paid more than someone with less
experience, even for routine jobs?"

"It still smells like what we're eating," I said. "But let's move on to the
biggest heist of all: termite inspections."

The ladies both sat up straight at once. "You can't be that naive," said the
taller. "Have you ever seen what a termite can do to a house?"

"I certainly have," I replied. "But I've also seen what my house is made of. The
answer is bricks. There's no wood anyplace. You show me the termite who can eat
his way through bricks, I'll show you a bug that belongs in Ripley's Believe It
or Not."

"Every house has wood in it, even your brick house," said the shorter Realtor.
"Haven't you ever seen a house when it's being built? The frame is always wood,
even if the main exterior turns out to be stone, stucco or brick. Believe me,
Bob, a termite can find wood, wherever it's hiding."

"I still think it's mighty strange," I said. "The lender doesn't require a
water-damage inspection, or a lead inspection, or an asbestos inspection, or a
guarantee that my kids won't blow up the place by doing chemistry experiments in
the basement. But those dreaded termites, hey, it's a way to put $ 100 in
someone's pocket, for 10 minutes of spraying."

The Realtors did allow as how they could do without settlements too -- but
because of humans, not bugs.

"You've never seen so much emotion at such a routine business meeting," said the
taller Realtor. "I've seen deals blow up at the last minute just because of the
way the seller looked at the buyer. I've seriously suggested settlement by
teleconferencing. You keep antagonists apart, maybe you keep good deals
together."

It was time to fold our tuna tent. We agreed to meet again a few weeks hence.
The subject of Tuna V: financing.


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              48 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Fan anger at 'shady' NFL grows

BYLINE: Kevin Armstrong, Stephen Lorenzo and Eli Rosenberg

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 165 words


SUNDAY'S SLATE of football games may have provided a brief diversion from the
controversy surrounding the NFL, but it didn't make the memories of the past two
weeks go away - even for the fans.

In New Orleans, where the Adrian Peterson-less Minnesota Vikings looked hapless
in a 20-9 loss to the hometown Saints, fans printed T-shirts with the slogan
"National Flogging League," showing a player in a football helmet holding a
whip.

In Cleveland, the Baltimore Ravens' last-minute 23-21 win over the Browns wasn't
enough to erase the memories of Peterson (above) "whooping" his 4-year-old son
with a switch, or the sight of former Ravens running back Ray Rice on video
knocking out his then-fiancée with one punch."It's shady how the NFL and the
team kind of just let it go," said Matt, a Baltimore fan clad in a Joe Flacco
jersey on his way to the game.

"They could have gotten (the video) if they really tried. It's just shadiness,
lack of communication and lack of clarity with what happened."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              49 of 221 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           September 17, 2004 Friday
                                Toronto Edition

A fickle femme fatale

BYLINE: Chris Knight, National Post

SECTION: POST MOVIES; Pg. PM6

LENGTH: 623  words


WHEN WILL I BE LOVED

- - -

Fred Weller's characters have been having a crazy time of late. In 2001 he was
the unwitting plaything of Stockard Channing and Julia Stiles in The Business of
Strangers. Last year, in The Shape of Things, he witnessed extreme psychological
gamesmanship perpetrated on Paul Rudd's character. But he's back for more in
director James Toback's who's-hustling-who story, which lands on the audience
with the sudden, giddy lurch of one of those midway rides that winches you up
and then drops you.

Weller plays Ford, the kind of New York hustler who, thanks to cellphone
technology, has made the entire city his office. Early in the film he fornicates
with several hopeful "actresses" in Central Park, ingratiates himself with
several other businessmen of varying degrees of shadiness, and extricates
himself from a female passerby who recognizes him and angrily demands the $9,300
she loaned him two years ago. If he were any more toxic he'd set off a
bio-terror alert.

Apologies for taking so long to get to co-star Neve Campbell, whose naked shower
scene opens the film. Now that she's washed and dressed, Toback's Steadycam-shot
movie (fluid but never shaky) follows her rich-girl character, Vera, to Columbia
University where she meets a professor (played by Toback) who is looking for an
assistant. Every time he is distracted by a student (their meeting, like so much
of the film, takes place on the street) she wanders off to talk to the nearest
good-looking stranger, even scoring a phone number from one of them. (If
Campbell asked you for the time, change for a five or your number, would you
brush her off? Well, her character knows this and takes full advantage of it.)

The third point in this geometric relationship is Count Tommaso Lupo (Dominic
Chianese), a rich Italian communications magnate of a certain age (69) who is
smitten with Vera: He has seen her from afar and would rather see her aclose. He
presents ye olde indecent proposal to Ford (nominally Vera's boyfriend), who
sends him to Vera's apartment, and the game is on.

Toback fully captures his audience with this simple premise because the
performances are so three-dimensional and unexpected. Of course, we've seen rich
Count and sleazy huckster in many other movies, but Campbell's character is an
enigma. We meet her rich parents, and she obviously wants for nothing, yet she
meets with Lupo for the same reason she approached the university professor and
any well-toned passing student: because he's there. She has a frank discussion
about what he wants and what it's going to cost, and she later tells a whopper.
Why? Again, just because.

Campbell's portrayal is controlled, almost stoic. It's hard to tell what's going
on in her character's head, although it's clear what both Ford and Lupo think:
Not much. But it soon becomes clear that she's faster on her feet than both of
them. She is Fitzgeraldian -- rich, idle, indolent and spoiled (her clothes,
even her name, evoke a 1920s flapper sensibility) -- and hence trouble waiting
to happen. There is one moment when she permits herself a smile that's straight
out of the Louvre, and it's both beautiful and terrifying.

Toback also wrote the script for When Will I Be Loved, and he nicely captures
the rhythms of overlapping dialogue from characters who have a lot to say but no
time to listen. Equally enchanting is the film's overlapping score -- each
character walks around with his or her own soundtrack playing, and the film
easily cuts from Bach to hip hop and back.

There is a great deal of talk from Ford and Lupo as events progress. But it is
Vera's character (and Campbell, who immerses herself in the role) that anchors
the film. She says little, and speaks volumes.

Rating Three

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Odeon Films; Neve Campbell plays Vera, a
more-than-meets-the-eye rich girl who explores her sexuality in Fred Weller's
When Will I Be Loved.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2004 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera, The (Boulder, CO)

                             August 24, 2007 Friday

Boulder International Fringe Festival;
Festival's shows range from silly to sublime

BYLINE: Mark Collins Camera Theater Critic

SECTION: FRIDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. G13

LENGTH: 1289 words


What   The Boulder International Fringe Festival

When   Various times through Sunday

Where   Various venues, Boulder

Tickets Free-$15

Info 720-563-9950 or www.boulderfringe.com

T he Boulder International Fringe Festival is unjuried. That means all of the
roughly 70 plays, dance pieces and musical offerings appearing at the Fringe,
which opened Aug. 16 and continues through Sunday, were selected randomly.
Nevertheless, the Fringe seems to have drawn a more compelling group of artists
to town in this, its third year.

I managed to see 11 shows opening weekend, 10 of which are still running. Here
are some brief thoughts about those 10.

&"Anatomy of a Yell&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;½ - What's an artsy,
unmarried thirtysomething woman with an impatient mother to do when it comes to
finding true love? Hello, Match.com. Johanna Walker's one-woman show logs on to
the goofy world of Internet dating and discovers expectations are the enemy.
Walker's smart, sometimes vulnerable, often humorous performance makes this a
fun show. And her Beethoven-inspired mother is a hoot. 6:30 p.m. Saturday, 5:30
p.m. Sunday, Dairy Center for the Arts, $10-$12. Rated PG.

&"BAD DAD: A Comedy of Errers&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;½ - Mark
Whitney went from selling vacuums to opening Ben & Jerry's franchises to a
three-year stint in a federal penitentiary for fraud. Now he's turning his
travails into comedy. With a keen eye for shadiness - and an involuntary reflex
to cut right through it in humorous, politically incorrect fashion - Whitney
takes aim at several deserving targets. Among them are government agencies that
have long since departed ways with common sense, a justice system sometimes at
odds with truth, and child-coddling baby boomers, including himself. (In a funny
bit that makes a point about &"back in the day,&" Whitney pulls out a pair of
Jarts, in retrospect, the wildly dangerous lawn dart toy from the 1970s). At its
best, &"BAD DAD&" is subversive. It may even make some squirm from all the
honesty. 10 tonight, 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Boulder Museum of Contemporary Art,
$12-$15. R.

&"Crave&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;½ - Sarah Kane's fragmented script
about interpersonal dissonance and terrifying need might be inaccessible were it
not for the terrific direction and performances in this four-woman show by New
York's Holderness Theatre Company. Kane draws from the mundane, the desperate,
the fractured and the neurotic. And from a cacophonous, non-linear,
cut-and-paste barrage of dialogue a clear image emerges - a head-back,
mouth-wide-open scream of anguish. This is a tightly orchestrated look into the
psyche of a soul tortured by disconnection that is nonetheless cathartic. 9:30
tonight, 1:30 p.m. Saturday, Dairy Center for the Arts, $8-$15. R.

&"The Desert Island Memory Company&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt; - Two men awake on
a deserted island with a guitar and a case of amnesia. They slowly regain their
former lives by dislodging from their brains scenes from iconic 1980s movies and
pop tunes. It's a great premise for a nostalgic romp through a coming-of-age
era, but this show turns out to be a one-joke affair that wears thin. Lots of
energy is expended, but the ship never leaves the beach. The best part is a
medley of '80s songs that miraculously seem to grow out of the same three guitar
chords. 8:30 tonight, 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Trident Cafe, $8-$10. PG-13.

&"Emily Dickinson & I: the journey of a portrayal&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;½ -
Edie Campbell is a consummate actress - her command and exacting delivery of a
simple line of text can approach perfection. But this play about Campbell's own
struggle to write a play about her literary idol, the American poet Emily
Dickinson, ultimately comes down to a matter of taste. Some will appreciate the
way Campbell's personal history is revealed as the famous recluse Dickinson's,
too, is uncovered in the 90-minute show. Others will find the obsession with the
poetess tedious. Count me with the latter group. 9 p.m. Saturday, 3 p.m. Sunday,
Dairy Center for the Arts, $12-$15. G.

&"Four Wishes&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt; - Based on an ancient
Algonquin tale about Gluskabe, a &"transformer&" who grants four men's ambitious
wishes, Michael Gunst's show features various forms of puppetry and masks.
Gunst's impressive handiwork is on full display, including a bunraku-style
puppet, several animal and human masks and a large backdrop that helps
illustrate a story that instructs viewers to be careful what they wish for. This
show will appeal most to young children, whose imaginations will be ignited by
all the characters Gunst brings to life. 4 p.m. today, Dairy Center for the
Arts, $8-$13. G.

&"A Magician's Journey&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt; - Medieval
European magic tricks performed by a Japanese-American harmonica player.
Children - from 8 to 80 years old - were delighted on opening night of Gregg
Tobo's magic act at exhibitrek gallery. With a sweet-natured presence, Tobo
performs 500-year-old sleight-of-hand stunts like &"The Jumping Knot of Kuala
Lumpur&" and &"The Cups and the Balls.&" But this magician has more than tricks
up his sleeve. Tobo gently deals a hopeful outlook on life into his deck of
cards. 7 p.m. today, exhibitrek, $10-$12. G.

&"Miracle Tomato&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;½ - Jessica Cerullo puts
heart and humor into an unlikely show that celebrates the beloved tomato.
Cerullo plays the Agnoloti sisters, Italian triplets born into a family
passionate about the thin-skinned fruit. With an in-your-face friendliness,
Angelina Agnoloti takes the audience through a fun, informative history lesson
about the fruit that also sheds light on bioengineering and why the red
store-bought orbs are so awful these days. But the best part of this dish is how
Cerullo spices her story with themes of family, love, tradition and goodness.
Watching her finally and reverently eat a tomato on stage becomes a magically
poignant moment. 8:30 tonight, 5:30 p.m. Saturday, Myriad Gallery, $10-$15. PG.

&"The Neon Man and Me&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt; - Slash Coleman is
a better writer than performer. Some of the moments in his one-man show &"Neon
Man&" are rushed, and the songs tend to slow the momentum. But the play is
cleverly written and ultimately moving. &"Neon Man&" travels the not-often
explored territory of deep friendship between men. It's about Coleman's
years-long relationship with best pal Mark Jamison, a neon artist who died
tragically. Beginning with their college days as outcast jazz musicians, to
wild-eyed treks through the Southeast, marriages, divorces, bad jobs and a
lustful German woman past her prime, the two - one a Jew, the other a
Pentecostal - admired and supported each other. 10 tonight, 7:30 p.m. Saturday,
Dairy Center for the Arts, $12-$15. PG.

&"True Theatre Critic&" &lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt;&lt;star&gt; - Polish
actor/writer/academician Omar Sangare's one-man play seems to take a poke at
pretentious theater companies, schools and teachers. A charismatic, often
riveting performer, Sangare comes off like Ben Kingsley (he's intense in the way
the British actor can be) doing a long-lost Samuel Beckett play with a broken
Polish accent. Strangely, though, Sangare's script and performance about a
frustrated life in the theater is sometimes obscure and impenetrable. It's
interesting to watch, but it's not always clear what we're watching. 8:30
tonight, 3:30 p.m. Sunday, Boulder Museum of Contemporary Art, $10-$15. G.

Contact Camera Theater Critic Mark Collins at 303-473-1369.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Gunst rehearses one of his mask characters for his &"Four
Wishes&" theater performance. Gunst's mask and puppet show, adapted from Joseph
Bruchac's &"Gluskabe and the Four Wishes,&" is part of the Boulder International
Fringe Festival, which runs through Sunday. Jessica Cerullo plays three
characters in her one-woman show &"Miracle Tomato.&"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Knoxville News-Sentinel Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 28, 2012 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

'666' adds up to trouble

BYLINE: BY DAVID HINCKLEY

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 277 words


'666 Park Avenue'

3 Stars

Sunday at 10 p.m.,

ABC

A STYLISH ambience and a familiar cast might not be enough to make "666 Park
Avenue" into another unlikely Sunday night hit for ABC.

The idea of a haunted building lurking on Manhattan's richest boulevard carries
a certain intrigue, and "Once Upon a Time" has proven that viewers will watch
lethal sci-fi on a Sunday night if they like the characters.

The challenge for "666" may lie in getting viewers to stick around for the
couple of episodes it will probably take to grasp the picture.

Dave Annable and Rachael Taylor play Henry Martin and Jane Van Veen, an
attractive working-class couple who sign on as co-managers of 666 Park.

Great gig, they tell themselves, even if the people at the building behave a
little oddly.

Building owner Gavin Doran (Terry O'Quinn) telegraphs his shadiness with small
expressions. Doorman Tony DeMeo (Erik Palladino) is a trifle too diligent.

Gavin's wife, Olivia (Vanessa Williams), makes it clear Jane is less welcome in
the social circle if she refuses to wear what Olivia wants to dress her in.

Still, Henry and Jane settle in, and since Jane also loves architecture, she
starts poking around.

Not a good decision, but good for the viewers, even if at first we aren't any
clearer than Jane about the disturbing clues she keeps finding.

We just know we might want to be cautious about trusting Gavin or venturing into
certain areas of the building.

"666 Park Avenue" could go the way of "Fringe" or "American Horror Story,"
appealing to a modest and deeply devoted cult.

But if enough people stick around for the glamour and the style, maybe they will
eventually bond with the story as well.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rachael Taylor's got some spooky digs in "666 Park Avenue."- '666 Park
Avenue'-HHHHH Sunday at 10 p.m., ABC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              52 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 17, 1989, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

NEW SCHOOL BOARD HEAD CALLS PARENTS 'MY CRUSADE'

BYLINE: Virginia Hick Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1334 words


Joyce Thomas is looking to the future - and she hopes to take 46,000 youngsters
with her.  As president of the St. Louis School Board, Thomas presides over an
often-fractious board whose members sometimes snipe at one another, deadlock in
voting and play tug-of-war with the schools.  ''Board hassles aside, my main
agenda is the kids,'' Thomas said in an interview recently.  In a school
district where as many as three-fourths of the students qualify for free or
reduced-price lunches and breakfasts, where nearly half the teen-agers drop out
before graduation and where the adults continue to clash over desegregation,
Thomas has her work cut out for her.  ''We have a lot of good youngsters,''
Thomas said. ''I don't like comparisons with other areas. But our children are
fighting some odds that suburban St. Louis knows nothing about.'' Job No. 1, T
homas said, is to convince St. Louis children that they have a future.  ''Too
many of our youngsters are recommended to us for expulsion because of weapons,''
Thomas said. ''Many carry them because they think they're smart: Everybody's
doing it - on television and on the street.  ''But they are also fearful.
They've told us that. They carry a weapon, they say, 'to protect myself.' '' A
recent study found that one in 13 teen-age black males in St. Louis will be
murdered before age 45.  ''Our students are not safe in the community, and they
know it,'' Thomas said. ''That deters doing anything along the learning line, if
they can't concentrate. Their esteem is so low, because they feel they are not
important.'' A child's school ''can play an important part in helping youngsters
look into the future,'' Thomas said. ''Unfortunately, most people think the
schools can do it alone. The combined processes of school, family and community
offer a more successful path.'' Thomas grew up in north St. Louis in The Ville,
a middle-class black neighborhood that includes the former Homer G. Phillips
Hospital, Sumner High School and the Annie Malone Children's Home.  ''All adults
were responsible for my behavior,'' Thomas said. ''If I misbehaved, word would
beat me home.  ''Today, it's scary for youngsters; they really believe nobody
cares for them. They are victims for all the shadiness'' of urban life.  Thomas
says that parents must help the schools cope with these concerns.  ''Parents are
my crusade for the year; they are my focal point,'' she said.  When the School
Board cut one-fourth of the central office staff in the spring to save money, it
eliminated a program called School/Parent/Community Communications Involvement,
which helped parent groups write newsletters and carry out other school
activities.  Thomas said she hoped to take some of the money saved from
eliminating that program and funnel it into individual schools to help parents
and teachers talk to each other.  ''If we can encourage individual parents to
reach out to others, we have the potential for growth,'' Thomas said. ''We want
to enhance family encounters with schools.'' The increased interest of some
local corporations in helping the St. Louis schools has encouraged Thomas. For
example, Maritz Inc. has started a program to encourage children to go to school
more often. The program will cost up to $1 million a year.  ''We are also
getting help from Southwestern Bell, Monsanto and McDonnell Douglas, among
others,'' Thomas said. ''That sends a message - that education is important,
that we have supporters for our youth and their future.'' Thomas also is pleased
at progress in the district's capital-improvements program. Court-ordered
projects totaling more than $160 million are under way, as are other
improvements that the School Board wants.  Renovation at some schools is almost
done; at others, the work will begin next year. ''The buildings will enliven the
spirits of our staff and students,'' Thomas said.  She remains concerned about
''the type of information we get'' from administrators on the
capital-improvements program - particularly because the work appears to be
costing more than either the court or the school district expected.  ''We are
discussing how we can bridge the gap'' between the money on hand and the cost of
the projects, she said.  The School Board is discussing putting a bond issue on
April's ballot, Thomas said. But nobody has agreed how much money to seek or
what projects to fund.  Because of a new state law, a bond issue in April would
need only a four-sevenths majority (57.1 percent), instead of the two-thirds
needed in past years.  The district last passed a bond issue in 1962. But some
recent attempts got margins of more than 60 percent.  ''I see some other
advantages to a bond issue this time around,'' Thomas said. ''We hope we have
made some headway in educating the public about the difference between tax
levies and bond issues.'' The district has passed several tax measures in the
last few years.  (NOTE: the following text ran in the 3* edition only) ''And
voters can see that building improvements can be done,'' she said.  ''They see
the efforts already being made to make our schools ready for the 21st century.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT ... Joyce Thomas ... ''My agenda is the kids''
PHOTO HEADSHOT ... Joyce Thomas ... ''My agenda is the kids'' (NOTE: different
photo ran in 3* edition with same cutline)

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              53 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 12, 2002 Friday

Michael Martin Mills: It's Time To ...

BYLINE: Michael Martin Mills Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: MAGAZINE

LENGTH: 293 words


Mark clumps of narcissus and snowdrops that produced abundant foliage but few
flowers. They are overgrown and need dividing. This may be done any time through
fall. If you want to separate different daffodil varieties that are growing
together, get rubber bands in several colors; color-coordinate flowers and
bands, placing one around each stem and letting it slide down. When you lift the
clump later, you'll know which bulbs are which.

Protect catalog purchases that arrive too early for planting. Both full sun and
frost would harm plants grown in protected settings or warmer regions. A shaded
cold frame is best, or a porch or under a deck.

Begin planting shrubs, trees and roses. Site them carefully, taking into account
their mature sizes and sun patterns once existing trees have leafed out. If this
is your first season in a new garden, wait until trees have enough leaves to
accurately judge shadiness.

"Heel in" bareroot shrubs, trees and perennials that you can't plant in
permanent sites yet. Place the plants almost horizontally, roots in a shallow
hole. Cover with light, loose soil and water well.

Transplant broccoli, cabbages, Brussels sprouts, and other cole crops into the
garden. If you didn't start your own seed in late winter, buy bedding plants.

Sow more lettuce. Last chance for peas.

Divide summer-blooming perennials if clumps have gotten too large, especially if
the center of a clump is bare.

Weed. Many perennial weeds are just getting ready to bloom; don't let them.

- Michael Martin MillsNext week: Answers to gardening questions. Write to
Michael Martin Mills, The Inquirer, Box 8263, Philadelphia 19101, phone or fax
215-854-5612, or e-mail mmills@phillynews.com. Please include name and locale.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    January 12, 1994 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

NAVY HANDLING OF TAILHOOK DEFENDANT FAULTED

BYLINE: Harry F. Rosenthal, ASSOCIATED PRESS, This article includes information
from Reuters.

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 345 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A Navy flier charged with indecent assault on a woman in the Tailhook scandal
yesterday lost an attempt to avoid court-martial, although military judges found
the Navy "careless and amateurish" in the case it brought against him.

"The assembly-line technique in this case that merged and blurred investigative
and justice procedures is troublesome," said the Court of Military Appeals, the
military's highest tribunal.

Lt. David Samples had contended he was promised blanket immunity from
prosecution for cooperating with military authorities in their investigation of
the Tailhook convention. But the court said the immunity involved only his
testimony and not other evidence that might be used to put him on trial.

Samples raised the immunity question in October during his Navy trial in
Norfolk, Va. The trial was delayed while he appealed the case.

The five-member appeals court was scathing in its assessment of how the Navy
handled the case.

As Samples was passed from one level of investigation to another, no official
was particularly concerned about his legal rights, the ruling said.

"At each point along this route, petitioner stood alone, without either his
military or civilian defense counsel at his side," the court ruled. "Why defense
counsel permitted such a situation is unexplained in the record."

At best, said the court, "it reflects a most curiously careless and amateurish
approach to a very high profile case by experienced military lawyers and
investigators.

"At worst, it raises the possibility of a shadiness in respecting the rights of
military members caught up in a criminal investigation that cannot be condoned."

The Navy charged that Samples took part in an incident at the Tailhook
convention in Las Vegas in September 1991 when an intoxicated young woman was
lifted into the air by three officers and stripped of her clothing below the
waist.

The court said the incident "was but one small part of the extensive misconduct
by dozens of officers that is alleged to have occurred at the now- infamous
Tailhook."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   lqbags.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.lqbags.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   lqbags.com makes every effort to ensure that your purchase experience
atlqbags.com is secure. We use the most powerful Secure Socket Layers (SSLs)
encryption techniques to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your user
information. It simply adds security to the entire stream of data between the
your internet browser and our system, therefore, giving you a sense of
confidence in providing us with your card number. In addition, we use internet
fraud screening to protect credit card transactions.  And when you register on
our website, We caution you to choose a password that is difficult to guess, but
easy for you to remember. Please protcet your account info, If you find any
shadiness about your account,please contact us, we will check the problem for
you.  Refer to credit card payment,we obtains credit card authorization
information directly from the card-issuing bank for verification before
completing any transaction.  If you have any questions about this Privacy
Policy, please contact us by call,chat online or email.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              56 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 3, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE FLICK CHICK QUICK LIST!

BYLINE: Leslie Gray Streeter

SECTION: TGIF; The Flick Chick; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 399 words


This week: We go together, 'cause opposites attract!

The new romantic comedy Something New is about stepping outside your fuddy-duddy
boxes to find true and awesome love. In this case, the boxes are racial -
upscale sistah Kenya (Sanaa Lathan) and earthy blond landscaper Brian (Simon
Baker). But in movies, as in life, the boundaries can be anything from culture
to geography to his being crazy and you being sane. Here, we visit a brief
history of opposites attracting - if it worked for Paula Abdul and a cartoon
cat, it might work for these folks. Unless, as in some cases, it ends in blood
and unsightly bullet stains. But they were happy for a little while, right?

1. Shark (Maria, Natalie Wood) and Jet (Tony, Richard Beymer), West Side Story
(1961): They're two crazy kids inexplicably drawn to each other across a crowded
floor, across racial, nationality and gang lines. And they might have made it,
too, if not for the hate, jealousy and bullets of others. And if he hadn't
killed her brother. Who killed his best friend. Sigh.

2. White amnesiac suburban supermom and hitwoman (Samantha/Charly, Geena Davis)
and black slightly sleazy P.I. (Mitch, Samuel L. Jackson), The Long Kiss
Goodnight (1996): They appear to be from different worlds, but both know their
way around shadiness. And are sorta shady themselves, And sometimes, that's a
start, huh?

3. Uptight Salvation Army doll (Sister Sarah Brown, Jean Simmons) and suave
professional gambler (Sky Masterson, Marlon Brando), Guys and Dolls (1955):
Originally, he's drawn to her because of a bet, and she's drawn to him because
she wants to save his soul. But ultimately, they're a match because they're both
hot for each other, and that's maybe the most honest attraction of all.

4. Indian immigrant (Mira, Sarita Choudhury) and black Southern working guy
(Demetrius, Denzel Washington), Mississippi Masala, (1991): Again, family, class
and national boundaries play a part in keeping two hot young people apart. And
the hotness will not let that stuff stand. Yay, hotness.

5. Older and delusional (Norma Desmond, Gloria Swanson) and young and
opportunistic (Joe Gillis, Wiliam Holden) Sunset Boulevard (1950): It was
probably a bad idea - he was using her for work, and she was using him to feel
young, attractive, desirable and not loony. Using people is bad. Of course, so
is shooting your lover and leaving him floating in the pool.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  MOVIES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 OPPOSITES: Geena Davis and Samuel L. Jackson in The Long Kiss Goodnight.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              57 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 22, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Wade cleans up franchise and honors

BYLINE: Ken Hornack

SECTION: SECTION D; Sounding Off; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 397  words


The Miami Heat were amess three years ago. An absolute, unmitigated mess.

They lost 57 games. Fan interest had waned to where curtains were installed in
the upper level of their arena to hide thousands of unsold seats.

Pat Riley's coaching reputation was taking a beating. One referee reportedly
said to him, "It's giving us absolute delight to watch you and your team die."

Prince Machiavelli had become Prince Albert in a can, and no tears were shed for
him and his sorry band of players.

"We'll get back there again," Riley said that March in Orlando before the Magic
handed the Heat another thrashing. "I firmly believe that there's a place for me
in the playoffs at theof my career, I hope. But you never know."

No one could have known at the time what would transpire, climaxing with the
events of Tuesday in Dallas. There's now a place for the Heat in the pantheon of
franchises to win an NBA championship.

Riley, whose departure from the sidelines in October 2003 was topped in
shadiness only by his return in December, had a stake in the turnaround. And if
Shaquille O'Neal didn't demand a trade from Los Angeles, the Heat might have
advanced only so far.

But make no mistake: Dwyane Wade is the main reason why a parade down Biscayne
Boulevard is no longer just a dream.

WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN

Wade was seriously recruited by only three colleges before attending Marquette
and entered the pros with almost a similar lack of fanfare. The one-page recap
of the 2003 draft in the Official NBA Guide didn't even mention his selection
with those of LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony and Chris Bosh.

And seven games into his rookie season, Wade and the Heat were 0- 7. So it
wasn't as if this humble, likeable guy won over an indifferent city in a
heartbeat.

But it's clear now why Doc Rivers, the last coach to take the Magic to the
playoffs, wanted the team to move up in the '03 draft via a trade and grab Wade.

Yes, Rivers and Wade went to the same school, But in the right system, Wade is
from another planet.

In the wrong system, who knows? Had the Denver Nuggets picked him over Anthony,
George Karl might have dismissed Wade's game as too pretty, like he once did
with Ray Allen. Had the Toronto Raptors passed on Bosh, a combination of Wade
and Vince Carter could have resulted in the two of them stepping on each other's
toes.

Those franchises can only wonder what if. The Heat can celebrate.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2006 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2006 News-Journal Corporation


                              58 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                          September 15, 2015, Tuesday

Stolen Identity

SECTION: FICTION; General

LENGTH: 384  words


In Banister's (My Brother's Keeper, 2013) drama, a teen suspects that his
adoptive father may have kidnapped him when he was a young boy. Dushan Sava
hardly remembers his mother, Marta, who was abducted by a Yugoslav army unit
when Dushan was an infant. Foster dad Burt Sandor tells Dushan that his birth
father, Dimitri, gave him up for adoption and is presumed dead after his fishing
boat was lost at sea.

But years ago, Burt had enlisted his cousin Carolyn Markos-already in legal
troubles for her "unofficial adoption office in Liverpool"-to find him a son. So
Carolyn used a babysitter gig to take 4-year-old Dushan from the Isle of Man to
San Francisco. By the time Dushan and stepbrother Dani are in high school, they
hope to escape the abusive Burt and track down Dushan's parents, both of whom he
believes are alive. Banister's linear narrative abandons any pretense of
mystery: readers are often ahead of the characters, as with knowing that Marta
is indeed still alive. There's still some suspense, however, particularly with
readers' knowledge of Burt's shadiness. Banister's novel features different
levels of villainy. Burt, for one, is unquestionably evil, wanting to "replace"
his leukemia-stricken son, Markos, before he dies so that monthly payments for
his sons' trust fund (set up by Burt's mother) aren't interrupted. Carolyn,
meanwhile, is simply desperate, needing cash to pay off thuggish Mr. Aksoy.
Dushan speaks to his parents in dreams and has "shared dreams" with Dani, but
Banister wisely keeps these scenes vague, never confirming a psychic link. The
relationship between the stepbrothers is well-developed and the most convincing
element, resonating louder than Dushan's hope that he'll one day reunite with
the parents he barely knows. When Dushan and Dani break free, at least
momentarily, from Burt, the two get separated, resulting in the book's most
dramatic turn of events. Readers will want Dushan to find Dimitri and Marta, but
it's more imperative that the brothers, who together have endured abuse and
tragedy, are side by side by book's end. Methodically paced, a story that never
lags while engaging readers with unshakable characters.

Publication Date: 2015-03-20

Publisher: Andrew Benzie Books

Stage: Indie

ISBN: 978-1-941713-16-7

Price: $9.99

Author: Banister, Michael

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2015 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             March 3, 1992, Tuesday

RADIO / The good, the bad and the unlikely; Robert Hanks reviews biographical
tributes to Cliff Richard, Elvis Costello and Montana Taylor

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANKS

SECTION: ARTS PAGE; Page 18

LENGTH: 760 words


In all probability, the only way to make Cliff Richard's life story palatable
would be to get Ken Russell to direct it - add a few nightmare sequences rife
with hints of buried sexuality and tricked out with moments of unspeakable
violence and pornography, and it would be all right. Instead, Wired for Sound
(Radio 2, Sunday) is narrated by Mike Read, which you can't help feeling is a
bit of a compromise.

In fact, after two episodes, this is losing all interest as biography: but it's
valuable because it tells you so much about the factors that go to make a good
music documentary, by the simple expedient of omitting them. There are, it
seems, two factors: the music itself; and a bit of nastiness. Part One started
out well, because Cliff's early career was founded on decent facsimiles of early
American rock and a remarkable lip-curl - almost a curlicue. But as Cliff's
appeal broadened, and his image became lightened, all the bite and humour left
the programme, except for Una Stubbs's exposition of the semiotics of buses
(''There was something about having a red bus in Summer Holiday, perhaps it
wouldn't have worked with a little Green Line bus . . . and its funny shape it
makes when it's driving along and it tilts and it wobbles has a humorous look
about it'').

Part Two, this week, concentrated on Cliff and religion, and took an hour to put
a case that could be made conclusively in three minutes: that Cliff is a sincere
Christian and a genuinely nice person. The trouble with Cliff is that he is not,
when all is said and done, a terribly interesting person. His extended
popularity is a notable phenomenon, true, but Wired for Sound doesn't have the
kind of objective, critical stance that it would take to do justice to that
theme.

The problem for Elvis Costello - and for Elvis Costello (Radio 1, Saturday) - is
rather different. Costello has an unquestionably interesting mind. It's in his
songs - all those things (ambiguity and shadiness, complexity and aggression)
that Cliff can't do. When Cliff sings about radio, it's in a mood of
celebration: ''AM, FM, I am so ecstatic''. When Costello does, it's as a surly
reaction to the overwhelming saminess of American commercial stations - ''You
had better do as you are told / You'd better listen to the radio''.

But interesting songs do not, by themselves, an interesting four- part series
make, and large tracts of Elvis Costello's first episode were disappointing - a
compendium of tributes to the subject's intelligence, determination and personal
integrity, linked competently but unappealingly by Nicky Campbell. It took off
with the assembly of Costello's band, The Attractions: partly because they
toured America, and America brings out Costello's malicious, witty side; partly
because the drummer, Pete Thomas, has an endearing laugh, exactly like a small
boy imitating a machine-gun (''Nyuh-huh-huh-huh-huh''); and partly because, all
of a sudden, the airwaves are alive with voices saying things like: ''It was a
pretty rocking unit, and from the beginning we were never gonna take any
prisoners.'' This is it: this is how rock documentaries were meant to be.

The Honky-Tonk Man (Radio 3, Friday) is, by and large, how blues documentaries
were meant to be, even though this week's subject, Montana Taylor, did not
conform to the rules. He was born in the wrong place - in what the presenter,
Francis Wilford-Smith, described as ''the highly improbable blues state'' of
Montana. And Wilford-Smith has no doubt that had his parents not moved south at
an early stage, the blues would have lost one of its great masters; this seems
to be according environmental factors undue influence.

Taylor's early records, from the late 1920s, are irrepressible boogies: hardly
blues at all. But then he vanished from the recording studios for 17 years,
returning in 1946 to create ''a slow powerful and brooding boogie that tells you
something of what the blues are all about''.

Pace Wilford-Smith, these late boogies only seem dark and disturbing when you
measure them up against other boogies - against, say, a late Beethoven quartet,
they sound fairly frisky. The comparison is not far- fetched: Wilford-Smith
proposed, in all seriousness, that one Taylor song, ''I Can't Sleep'' is built
around the Moonlight Sonata - and it does contain inescapable echoes, as well as
a striking sequence of modulations. Maybe later programmes will feature 12- tone
boogies heavily influenced by the Second Viennese School. This is Radio 3: a
crazy place where anything can happen.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Independent Print Ltd


                              60 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          September 18, 2001, Tuesday

TERROR IN AMERICA: INVESTIGATION - MEMBERS OF TERRORIST CELL 'MAY STILL BE IN
US' HY

BYLINE: Andrew Gumbel In Los Angeles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 594 words


INVESTIGATORS pursuing an estimated 70,000 leads from the attacks on New York
and Washington are focusing on five or six individuals, all in custody, who they
believe could provide vital clues to help find members of terrorist cells still
at large in the United States.

Because the 19 hijackers who committed last week's attacks are dead, the main
aim is ensuring that their associates do not wreak further havoc. John Ashcroft,
the Attorney General, said yesterday that federal agents will fly on commercial
airlines to guarantee their safety. Associates of the suicide plotters, Mr
Ashcroft added, "may be a continuing presence in the United States".

Those of greatest interest to investigators include a French-Algerian man,
picked up for an immigration irregularity in Minnesota last month after raising
suspicions at a flying school, who cheered in his jail cell as he saw the
atrocities on television. They also include a Saudi radiologist from San Antonio
who was held in Texas and flown to New York, where the investigation is based.
Newspapers yesterday named him as Albader al-Hazmi, 34.

Federal prosecutors have held at least two people as material witnesses: a man
caught with a false pilot's licence at New York's JFK airport and a second man
who has not been named. They are also questioning two men detained on an Amtrak
train in Texas last week, Ayub Ali Khan and Mohammed Jaweed Azmath, who were
found carrying box-cutter knives and about $ 5,000 in cash.

Increasingly, it is becoming clear that a number of the hijackers, and possibly
others, who sought pilot training in the US made themselves conspicuous by their
relative lack of skill, a certain shadiness and an insistence on being shown how
to fly big commercial aircraft.

The Washington Post reported yesterday that Hani Hanjoor, who is believed to
have piloted the plane that hit the Pentagon, had flown small private aircraft
over the Washington area at least three times in the past six weeks with
unwitting flight instructors. That would have given him experience in navigating
his way above potential targets such as the Pentagon and White House.

But it also exposed an incongruity between Mr Hanjoor's skills and his
ambitions. Mr Hanjoor was turned down when he asked to rent a plane at
Washington's Freeway airport, partly because he was seen as a mediocre pilot and
partly because he refused to give an address or telephone number. In San Diego,
the head of a local flying club told the Los Angeles Times that he had noticed
some bizarre behaviour when he met two other hijacking suspects, Khalid
al-Midhar and Nawaq al-Hamzi, in May last year. "The first day they came in
here, they said they want to fly Boeings," said Fred Sorbi of Sorbi's Flying
Club.

The French-Algerian man held in Minnesota, Zacarias Moussaoui, trained at a
flying school in Oklahoma but left abruptly in May before earning his pilot's
licence. He then enrolled at the Pan-Am International Flight Academy in Eagan,
Minnesota. His instructors became suspicious when he asked to use a Northwest
Airlines flight simulator - something far beyond his skills.

Mr Moussaoui was detained by immigration authorities in August and spent four
weeks in a jail cell. On 11 September, he was watching television when the
airplanes hit the twin towers. A jail supervisor told the LA Times: "As soon as
he saw it, he stood up, cheered, walked to his cell and closed the door. On that
same day, federal agents called and asked us to isolate him." He has since been
transferred to New York.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Independent Print Ltd


                              61 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Sunday Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Self-discovery in a shady world;
BOOKS

BYLINE: Review by DAPHNE GUINNESS

SECTION: M; arts; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 377 words


THE RISE & FALL OF GREAT POWERS

Tom Rachman

Text, $29.99

Stop! Some opinions, especially negative, are not welcome. "It's not as good as
his first," says the publicist. Anyway, it's not a question of good versus bad.
It's different. Tom Rachman's debut novel The Imperfectionists was a satire on
journalism and received a global "hurrah!" His second, The Rise and Fall of
Great Powers, is about identity and family. The Great American Odyssey.

He gambles that we care about the Yankee Tooly Zylberberg, 30, stuck in the
wilds of Wales in her failing second-hand bookshop, wondering how she got there.
For a while it's touch and go, toing and froing from one decade to the next,
whizzing round the world like a travelogue, pontificating on life's meaning. But
then it clicks.

People around her, and their effect on her, fall into place like a satisfying
jigsaw, and the question of what will happen to Tooly finally makes sense.
(Rachman says she is not his sister Emily, who gave him lots of help and to whom
he dedicates the novel, so she probably is. The book is crammed with this sort
of reverse thinking, and it's catching.)

We meet Fogg, who works in the shop with Tooly, and Humphrey, a Russian emigre
who reads all day and teaches her to play chess. There's Sarah the flighty
dresser; how does she fit in? And Paul, is he her father? And Duncan, whom she
meets bursting into his New York apartment pretending she lived there as a
child. There's a shadiness over them all but none more so than Venn, a charmer
and con (plot spoiler!) who from the age of 10 to 21 grooms her mentally into
another him.

Rachman has a marvellous time pinpointing the power play that's going on in
these lives. (Are we all like this, really? Gosh, it's such hard work, no time
at all for reading books, another raison d'etre for the novel.) And the rise and
fall of great global powers (Russia, China, America, England) he slips into with
witty ferocity. There is nothing and no one, world leaders included, he doesn't
have a biting view on. So it's a political novel too.

All the time Tooly is progressing in the quest of discovering her true self.
From Britain to Bangkok to Brooklyn we bounce with her and the end when it comes
is so cruel it's laughable. Bring on the third masterpiece.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Witty ferocity: Tom Rachman changes gears for Rise and Fall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Self-discovery in a shady world;
ENTERTAINMENT - BOOKS

BYLINE: Review by DAPHNE GUINNESS

SECTION: S; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 377 words


THE RISE & FALL OF GREAT POWERS

Tom Rachman

Text, $29.99

Stop! Some opinions, especially negative, are not welcome. "It's not as good as
his first," says the publicist. Anyway, it's not a question of good versus bad.
It's different. Tom Rachman's debut novel The Imperfectionists was a satire on
journalism and received a global "hurrah!" His second, The Rise and Fall of
Great Powers, is about identity and family. The Great American Odyssey.

He gambles that we care about the Yankee Tooly Zylberberg, 30, stuck in the
wilds of Wales in her failing second-hand bookshop, wondering how she got there.
For a while it's touch and go, toing and froing from one decade to the next,
whizzing round the world like a travelogue, pontificating on life's meaning. But
then it clicks.

People around her, and their effect on her, fall into place like a satisfying
jigsaw, and the question of what will happen to Tooly finally makes sense.
(Rachman says she is not his sister Emily, who gave him lots of help and to whom
he dedicates the novel, so she probably is. The book is crammed with this sort
of reverse thinking, and it's catching.)

We meet Fogg, who works in the shop with Tooly, and Humphrey, a Russian emigre
who reads all day and teaches her to play chess. There's Sarah the flighty
dresser; how does she fit in? And Paul, is he her father? And Duncan, whom she
meets bursting into his New York apartment pretending she lived there as a
child. There's a shadiness over them all but none more so than Venn, a charmer
and con (plot spoiler!) who from the age of 10 to 21 grooms her mentally into
another him.

Rachman has a marvellous time pinpointing the power play that's going on in
these lives. (Are we all like this, really? Gosh, it's such hard work, no time
at all for reading books, another raison d'etre for the novel.) And the rise and
fall of great global powers (Russia, China, America, England) he slips into with
witty ferocity. There is nothing and no one, world leaders included, he doesn't
have a biting view on. So it's a political novel too.

All the time Tooly is progressing in the quest of discovering her true self.
From Britain to Bangkok to Brooklyn we bounce with her and the end when it comes
is so cruel it's laughable. Bring on the third masterpiece.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Witty ferocity: Tom Rachman changes gears for Rise and Fall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                             August 3, 2014 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Self-discovery in a shady world;
ENTERTAINMENT - BOOKS

BYLINE: Review by DAPHNE GUINNESS

SECTION: S; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 377 words


THE RISE & FALL OF GREAT POWERS

Tom Rachman

Text, $29.99

Stop! Some opinions, especially negative, are not welcome. "It's not as good as
his first," says the publicist. Anyway, it's not a question of good versus bad.
It's different. Tom Rachman's debut novel The Imperfectionists was a satire on
journalism and received a global "hurrah!" His second, The Rise and Fall of
Great Powers, is about identity and family. The Great American Odyssey.

He gambles that we care about the Yankee Tooly Zylberberg, 30, stuck in the
wilds of Wales in her failing second-hand bookshop, wondering how she got there.
For a while it's touch and go, toing and froing from one decade to the next,
whizzing round the world like a travelogue, pontificating on life's meaning. But
then it clicks.

People around her, and their effect on her, fall into place like a satisfying
jigsaw, and the question of what will happen to Tooly finally makes sense.
(Rachman says she is not his sister Emily, who gave him lots of help and to whom
he dedicates the novel, so she probably is. The book is crammed with this sort
of reverse thinking, and it's catching.)

We meet Fogg, who works in the shop with Tooly, and Humphrey, a Russian emigre
who reads all day and teaches her to play chess. There's Sarah the flighty
dresser; how does she fit in? And Paul, is he her father? And Duncan, whom she
meets bursting into his New York apartment pretending she lived there as a
child. There's a shadiness over them all but none more so than Venn, a charmer
and con (plot spoiler!) who from the age of 10 to 21 grooms her mentally into
another him.

Rachman has a marvellous time pinpointing the power play that's going on in
these lives. (Are we all like this, really? Gosh, it's such hard work, no time
at all for reading books, another raison d'etre for the novel.) And the rise and
fall of great global powers (Russia, China, America, England) he slips into with
witty ferocity. There is nothing and no one, world leaders included, he doesn't
have a biting view on. So it's a political novel too.

All the time Tooly is progressing in the quest of discovering her true self.
From Britain to Bangkok to Brooklyn we bounce with her and the end when it comes
is so cruel it's laughable. Bring on the third masterpiece.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Witty ferocity: Tom Rachman changes gears for Rise and Fall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Get Smrt L'ville finds way to keep up NCAA scam

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 659 words


Even when the Big Picture Guys enter a room, sit down before a coterie of
cameras then admit that there's no beating this rap, we news media folks keep
missing or ignoring the big picture.

Among those seated at the Friday bad news conference - bad news is announced on
Fridays because Saturdays make the least news noise - to announce the University
of Louisville's Boom Boom Room & Hall of Anatomical Studies will remain closed
for affirmations, were deeply regretful panelists including head basketball
coach, Kentucky thoroughbred devotee and horizontal ed instructor Rick Pitino,
and a fellow named Chuck Smrt.

Smrt wasn't there as the winner of the "I'd Like To Buy A Vowel" last name
contest, but as Louisville's hired-in-August NCAA compliance consultant. Smrt's
former position was to plug loopholes for the NCAA; his current one is to find
loopholes for NCAA member schools. His employment on both sides of the fence
stands in functional recognition of the worsening shadiness of big-time college
sports, an insidious condition that has given rise to a low business subculture:

Those studied in the fine art of plumbing the depths to prevent basketball and
football programs from breaching the boundaries and reaches of the NCAA's
tolerance have, for the last, oh, 35 years, been in great demand by Division I
colleges - certainly more than distinguished professors - after apprenticing at
the NCAA.

These folks travel a career path similar to Smrt's. For 17 years, Smrt was an
NCAA rules investigator. Then he went freelance, renting himself to schools that
had trouble determining right from wrong for themselves, or those left to wonder
whether they'd done enough - all they possibly could - to exploit or circumvent
the rules in order to win ballgames.

Folks such as Smrt, having left NCAA law-enforcement to practice NCAA
law-avoidance, are hired by colleges that are deeply invested and diseased by
whatever-it-takes sports sickness. These fellas are not hired, after all, to
help determine the freshman English Comp reading list.

The scene is not unlike the district attorney who spends the second half of his
career as a mob lawyer.

So let's give Smrt credit for showing up, on Louisville's time and dime, to join
in surrendering the fact that Louisville's (young) men's basketball recruits
were enticed by free-everything full scholarships, cash in the form of Pell
Grants and, if that didn't clinch it, regular, athletic department-budgeted
performances staged by local strippers and lap-dancers.

And so the national scam - the kind that in other businesses results in
indictments and slam-dunk convictions for racketeering - rolls along. Our
colleges continue to serve as fronts for basketball and football programs that
continue to be presented to the public under the bogus pretense that they have
something to do with higher institutions of education, that these recruits are
legitimate student-athletes.

But at best, academics are optional. The education of full-scholarship recruits
to colleges has become a matter of serendipitous accident. Strippers, on the
other hand, are regarded as essential, as deal-sealers for McDonald's
All-Americans "with a monster first-step move to the hoop."

So as SEC football colleges, in the name of preemptive, preventative social
activism, now hold preseason seminars to tell their recruits they shouldn't
commit battery or sexual assault against women - apparently at least some of the
recruits arrive unaware. And the NFL Panthers - college men and professionals
about to play the biggest games of their careers - were assembled before the
Super Bowl for a been-there/done-that speech telling them Super Bowl Week is a
lousy time to be arrested.

And now Louisville will have to become more fox and less wolf, recruit its
basketball student-athletes with something easier to keep the lid on. Perhaps
the next wave of former NCAA investigators will come up with something.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ground chuck: Chuck Smrt (left), a former NCAA investigator turned
Louisville hire, joined Rick Pitino at the podium as the university announced a
self-imposed ban. AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SAUCY SEWICKLEY SAGA;
MEMOIR RECOUNTS TALES OF OLD MONEY BEHAVING BADLY

BYLINE: MARYLYNNE PITZ, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 1385 words


During his West Coast boyhood, James Oliver Goldsborough relished the carefree
atmosphere of Playa del Rey in Southern California as well as the formal,
pampered life he led as a visiting member of Sewickley Valley's high society.

His fun-loving parents fled the stuffiness of Pittsburgh for California
sunshine. But every summer, they sent their son back by train to the Sewickley
Valley.

There, he grew to love his maternal grandparents and the food served at their
38-room mansion called Sucasa, which still sits high atop a hill on Beaver Road
in Edgeworth.

These idyllic interludes, which furnished the only real order and structure
during his boyhood, are recounted in a new memoir, "Misfortunes of
Wealth,"published by The Local History Co. of Shadyside.

The 72-year-old author, a former columnist for the San Diego Union Tribune
newspaper, writes for voiceofsandiego.org, a nonprofit news organization. He
also worked for Newsweek and the International Herald Tribune.

Mr. Goldsborough's meditation on how inherited wealth can ruin some people will
delight devotees of Pittsburgh history because the family names are familiar,
including Leet, Shields and Oliver.

The early pioneer was Maj. Daniel Leet, who surveyed Western Pennsylvania after
the American Revolution, acquired 1,600 acres, then deeded them to his daughter,
Eliza, who married David Shields. Shields' descendants kept that land and
married into the Oliver family.

The wealth in the book's title came from the author's great-grandfather, Henry
Oliver Jr. The smartest of four immigrant brothers from Ireland, Oliver became a
multimillionaire by winning control of Minnesota's Mesabi iron ore field, mining
it, shipping it to Pittsburgh and supplying Andrew Carnegie's steel mills. Then,
in 1895, the Oliver Coal Mining Co. was sold to financier J.P. Morgan for $182
million.

Besides recounting stories about Gilded Age fortunes, the author reveals a
series of scandals, including the shadiness of Leet's land acquisition, his
mother's two elopements and how his sister suffered after her husband's
homosexual behavior wound up in the newspaper.

Even Harry Kendall Thaw, the man who murdered architect Stanford White in 1906
because of White's past relationship with Thaw's wife, actress Evelyn Nesbit,
makes an appearance because he tried, unsuccessfully, to court Amelia Neville
Oliver, the author's maternal grandmother.

This story is a candid look at the author's self-absorbed, indifferent parents,
Caroline Jackson Crittenden, nicknamed Coco, and William West Goldsborough Jr.,
known as Red.

Through Coco's maternal line, the couple inherited a chunk of the Oliver fortune
in a trust that generated income but their reckless youth served as a prologue
to misspent lives and wasted potential.

To his everlasting frustration, William Goldsborough never had control of his
wife's inherited money and was infuriated that his father-in-law, William
Crittenden, did control the money inherited by his wife, Amelia Neville Oliver.

Although William Goldsborough received a New York Stock Exchange seat as a
wedding present, he leased it out instead of using it to earn a living.

As for Coco Goldsborough, she looked like Emma Thompson and acted like Paris
Hilton from an early age.

In 1930, while vacationing with her parents in Arizona, the 20-year-old Coco
eloped with a cowboy she met at a dude ranch. Her father hired a detective,
tracked down the couple and had the brief marriage annulled.

Six years later, Coco eloped with William Goldsborough but often dallied with
old boyfriends in the Sewickley area when she returned to Pennsylvania in the
summer. Years later, she greeted a future daughter-in-law in the nude.

B. G. Shields, the former editor of the Sewickley Herald newspaper, knew Coco
Goldsborough.

"She was the original Auntie Mame. She could go where she wanted, do what she
wanted, say what she wanted and she did. People may have raised an eyebrow but
you couldn't help but like her," said Mrs. Shields, who lives in State College,
Centre County.

b>Advice from grandmother

/b>

Another scene from this story is redolent of a good Gothic novel. On a Sunday
morning in Sewickley, 10-year-old James Goldsborough is accompanied by his
grandmother, who wears a long white gown to the morning service at Shields
Presbyterian Church.

Afterward, she treats him to a tour of the Shields family mausoleum and a
monumental dose of ancestor worship in this passage from the book:

"The granite of this house represents the granite of our family," Granny said.
"Don't ever forget that. Your mother must never forget that, and neither must
you nor your family to come. The Shields built this house to endure just as our
family is meant to endure."

Despite that rather spooky moment and his self-absorbed parents, Mr.
Goldsborough fashioned a successful career as a journalist.

He was working in Berlin during the 1960s when he learned that his father, then
in his 50s, had died alone in a Pittsburgh rooming house, ruined by gambling and
drink.

"He was too lazy to use hard work to create the kind of success he sought, as
Carnegie, Mellon and Oliver had done," the author said in a recent telephone
interview.

"My father was basically a lazy, selfish man who kept hoping for a big windfall.
I think he really was intimidated by Sewickley," Mr. Goldsborough said, adding
that his father was never comfortable among the town's many millionaires.

The author drew closer to his mother as she aged and found that she made a
better grandmother to his children, who lived in New York.

But she continued to spend $60,000 a year on dance lessons.

"My mother spent her last years as a victim of Arthur Murray. She had this
closet full of chiffony things these old ladies wear when they are dancing," Mr.
Goldsborough said.

After her death, he found, at the bottom of her closet, a yellowing plastic bag
that contained a large quilt. He had it cleaned and sold it to the Kentucky
State Museum in Frankfort, Ky.

The richly colored quilt, which had once lain on his maternal grandmother's
four-poster bed, was the gift of Mrs. Henry Clay's quilting circle to the wife
of John Jordan Crittenden when he replaced Clay as the U.S. senator from
Kentucky in 1842.

Like all memoirs, this book is highly impressionistic and some readers may find
it a trifle confusing at times because it often jumps backward and forward in
time.

A more careful proofreader would have spotted the misspelling of the name
Isaly's, which appears as Isely's, as well as the misuse of the word gentile
when genteel is clearly the author's meaning.

Despite these flaws, it's an entertaining read and denizens of the Sewickley
Valley will probably enjoy savoring good, thoughtful dish about some of the
first families from their community.

b>Soul-searching

/b>

"I think it is a piece of courageous writing. It took a lot of soul-searching,"
said Mrs. Shields, who knew Coco Goldsborough's brother, Jim, and his wife,
Janet, while she was attending the University of Pittsburgh in the early 1950s.

"I helped close Sucasa when Mrs. Crittenden, Coco's mother, died in 1959, with
the help of members of the Shields church. I had married a cousin of theirs,
Leet Shields."

Sucasa is now home to Peter and Suzanne Friday.

The author, at this stage of his life, is philosophical about his upbringing.

"That's one of the ironies of this," Mr. Goldsborough said. "We all did become
what we wanted to become and we turned out very well."

Mr. Goldsborough, the middle of three children, has an older sister, Carol
MacGregor, a mother of four who lives in La Quinta, Calif.,; and a younger
brother, William West Goldsborough III, of Woodacre, Marin County. The younger
Goldsborough is a retired businessman and consultant who worked in importing and
exporting.

"My brother liked it, and his wife, Susan Goldsborough, who is much more
literary, really liked it," the author said.

Carol MacGregor found it difficult to revisit the passages involving her
ex-husband who lives in Hollywood, but she sent a copy of it to him and told her
brother that it was "probably the most interesting part of the book."

Like her late mother, Mrs. MacGregor nitpicked over nuances.

"I have her climbing down the trellis at Sucasa to meet boys," Mr. Goldsborough
said. She told me, "I didn't climb down the trellis. The boys climbed up the
trellis to meet me!"

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Marylynne Pitz can be reached at mpitz@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1648.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Above: This family portrait from 1916 shows the author's mother,
Caroline "Coco" Crittenden Goldsborough with her brother, James, and her parents
William Crittenden and Amelia Oliver Crittenden.\
PHOTO: Below: Sucasa, as seen from the Beaver Road driveway in 1915, once had 38
rooms, including a large ballroom from the scene of many a cotillion.\
PHOTO: Top: This 1947 photo shows the author's sister, Carol MacGregor, his
mother, Caroline, his brother William West Goldsborough III, rear, and the
author.\
PHOTO: Left: Caroline "Coco" Crittenden as a teen-age model in 1924 in the
breakfast room at Sucasa. \
PHOTO: Below: James Oliover Goldsborough\
MAP: James Hilston/Post-Gazette: Sewickley Valley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              66 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                          July 10, 2000, Monday, FINAL

Aguilera: Not just a pretty face: When it comes to gossip, rumours and petty
jealousies, the 19-year-old pop star says there's nothing to do but laugh it
off. 'I grew a tough skin early on,' she tells Lynn Saxberg.

BYLINE: Lynn Saxberg

SECTION: Arts; D7 / Front

LENGTH: 1020 words


Want the dirt on Christina Aguilera? Check out the Rumour Mill section of her
Web site. There, you'll read reports of the pop star's romances with everyone
from Eminem to Prince William.

They're false.

So is the talk that she's mean to her fans, suffers from lupus and has a
three-year-old son named Michael (she has a three-year-old brother named
Michael).

And while we're setting the record straight, please note that she's naturally
blond (but sometimes uses hair colour), naturally blue-eyed (but wears contacts
to correct her vision), naturally pale-skinned (but sometimes uses a bronzer)
and naturally thin (despite a diet of Chicken McNuggets and pizza).

Apparently, these are the things that fans want to know. And Aguilera's mother,
who helps run the fan club, wants to make sure the truth is out there.

Aguilera, however, gets a chuckle out of it. ''If anything's negative and
untrue, (the rumours) have to hurt your feelings of course, but some of them
have to make you laugh,'' says the Rolling Stone cover girl over the phone from
a tour stop in Michigan. ''Like the Prince William thing. When I heard that, I
was, like 'No way.' It's hilarious because I've never even met the guy. I'm not
even sure exactly what he looks like.''

Aguilera knows that gossip, some of it vicious, goes with the territory of being
in the public eye. It's a lesson she learned long ago.

''Growing up and being on some level of showbusiness, I always got some
shadiness from other people for no other reason than the fact that you were in
the business and coming from a small town. I grew a tough skin early on.''

Though Aguilera's Canadian dates are part of her first headlining tour, which
started on July 1 in Milwaukee, she's hardly a novice entertainer. She was a
Mouseketeer at the age of 12 (along with future stars Britney Spears, Keri
Russell, and J.C. and Justin of 'N Sync) and vowed to record her own CD before
she graduated from high school.

She almost accomplished that goal. Her self-titled debut came out last summer,
rushed into production after the 1998 success of Reflection, the song Aguilera
sang for the soundtrack to the animated Disney movie, Mulan.

The last 12 months have been eventful, to say the least. The blond wisp of a
singer saw the album charge up the charts on the steam of the smash single,
Genie in a Bottle, followed by the major hits What a Girl Wants and I Turn To
You.

She sang for the president on a Christmas at the White House television special,
performed at Times Square on New Year's Eve, did a duet with Enrique Iglesias
during the Super Bowl half-time show and joined TLC as opening act on some of
their American dates.

To top it off, Aguilera earned two Grammy nominations, taking home the award for
best new artist over her old friend (or arch-rival, depending on what tabloid
you read), Spears.

But performing, she says, is her ''ultimate high.'' A tour of her very own is a
dream come true.

''Oh my gosh,'' she says. ''I cannot even tell you how amazed I've been over the
last few days, to hear that crowd and whatnot.

''I remember hearing it for TLC, but you don't know how much of that is for you,
and you know the bottom line is that they're there for TLC because it's their
headliner. Having my own headliner and knowing a few people paid their own money
to see me, it's just so amazing to know that I do have that many fans out
there.''

On days off, Aguilera is also working to finish her Christmas album, one of
three recording projects on the go. A Spanish- language record is complete and
due for release this fall, while her second pop album is expected next year.

Aguilera's singing talent emerged early. Born Dec. 18, 1980, she was a toddler
when she first put a towel on the floor, pretended it was a stage and sang into
her mother's baton.

At the age of five, she discovered Julie Andrews and The Sound of Music. ''That
was the first music that was, like, 'Wow!' to me, just because she appeared to
be so free and alive and just singing from her heart. I had that soundtrack and
I would take it up to my bedroom and open the window and sing out and imagine an
audience. That continues to be my all-time favourite movie.''

At age six, Aguilera began performing in school talent shows. At eight, she
appeared on TV's Star Search and at 10, she sang the national anthem for the
Pittsburgh Steelers and Penguins (she grew up in Wexford, Pennsylvania, a suburb
of Pittsburgh).

Her big break came early in 1998 when Aguilera auditioned to sing Reflection.
The filmmakers needed someone ''who could hit a high E above middle C,'' she
says, so she made a tape in her living room by singing along to a karaoke tape
of a Whitney Houston song.

Two days later, Aguilera was in Los Angeles recording Reflection. The same week,
she signed a major label deal with RCA.

On her next disc, don't be surprised to see some stylistic changes from the tiny
teen with the big voice. Aguilera has shown some surprisingly sophisticated
musical tastes in working with B.B. King and Dr. John this year. She calls Etta
James her ''all-time favourite.''

''I listened to other things, but blues was a great love of mine,'' Aguilera
says.  ''It's the soul of it, I guess. I would take B.B. King records and ad lib
over his guitar licks with my voice. There's something about how real it is and
how it just has raw emotion.''

That's not to say her second album will be a blues record, but she's certainly
interested in expanding her style beyond

the lightweight dance-pop and overwrought ballads of her debut. Aguilera plans
to have more input in the songwriting.

''The next record in general is going to be on a different level,'' she says.
''I've grown and learned a lot in the past year just because when you're going,
going, going, new things are being thrown at you all the time.

''And performing live all the time, my vocals have gotten better and I've
learned a lot from other artists and from myself even, from mistakes I've made.
I'm totally psyched to even do a rock duet or experiment with other music as
well.''


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: Alena Gedeonova, Toronto Star / Christina
Aguilera says her favourite movie is The Sound of Music. Her 'all-time
favourite' singer is R&B star Etta James. 'I listened to other things, but blues
was a great love of mine,' she says.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Green donation boxes raise a red flag

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 577 words


Around Clark County, green donation boxes are appearing with the name Gaia
Project. I believe this organization is dubious and is not a reputable charity.
The problem is, these boxes are multiplying in our county, and many highly
rated charities are missing out on donations put into Gaia boxes. Plus the
kindhearted people who donate might not have any idea to whom they donate.

- Anonymously annoyed
Boy, are you cynical, Anonymously.
Didn't you know that if you paint it green and stick a happy Earth graphic on
it, it's automatically "environmental"?
It takes virtually no digging online to turn up a vast amount of, well, let's
call it troubling information and allegations about the organization that has
deployed them. Most of this material is years old, so we're a little uneasy
passing it right along.
But here it is: Gaia Movement USA, based in Chicago, has been linked to a
Danish organization called Tvind, or The Teachers's Group. It purports to
gather and sell used clothes and shoes to support environmental charities and
train teachers to work in impoverished Africa. But The Chicago Tribune and
other media have repeatedly underlined the flimsiness of that claim and the
shadiness of the group's history and leadership, several members of whom have
been indicted, but not convicted, on charges related to money laundering,
embezzlement and criminal tax evasion schemes in Denmark.
Meanwhile, words such as "scam" and even "cult" keep coming up, and so do lousy
grades for transparency, charity and spending on verifiable environmental
projects from organizations including The American Institute of Philanthropy,
CharityWatch.org and the Better Business Bureau. According to some former
teacher trainees and staffers who speak out in news reports, their mandatory
highest priority was always raking in bucks for the organization via those
green boxes.
We can't claim our own deep investigation of the clothing and money trails;
it's apparent that far more powerful researchers than us have found that
picture dizzying. That's by design, according to people such as British
journalist Michael Durham, who operates a website called tvindalert.com and
whose essential claim is that the donated clothes are actually sold at a steep
profit and the profits mostly line the leaders' pockets.
You can Google a May 2011 story in The Chicago Tribune that's probably the
clearest summary of a confusing and still-moving situation. Tvindalert.com is
eager to hear from people who can help them chase the truth.
But the bottom line is this: Many nonprofit agencies, charities and dedicated
thrift shops serving needy people right here in Clark County are eager for your
"gently used" clothing donations - either to put them right to use or to resell
them for truly charitable causes. The Arc of Clark County, Share, The Giving
Closet, the Salvation Army, St. Vincent de Paul, Goodwill, the Interfaith
Treasure House and the Children's Home Society are just a few. You can also try
local school resource centers and food pantries.
Plus, go to Clark County's waste reduction website -
www.clark.wa.gov/recycle/reduction
 - for an exhaustive list of local thrift stores, where your less-than-affluent
neighbors save a few bucks while clothing themselves.
-Scott Hewitt
Got a question about your neighborhood? We'll get it answered. Send What's Up
With That? questions to
neighbors@columbian.com
  The following fields overflowed: REFERENCE = 12-10 D1 What's green gaia
boxes_D01

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              June 14, 2015 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Coach, bring on more intrigue!

BYLINE: Cedric Golden American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 674 words


It took 100 games before Steve Kerr faced his first real crisis as coach of the
Golden State Warriors.

The Cleveland Cavaliers had taken home-court advantage in the NBA Finals and
then forged ahead two games to one behind LeBron James, a 30-year-old freight
train disguised as an NBA player.

Hours before the pivotal Game 4, Kerr faced the very real possibility that the
NBA's best team in the regular season could lose three games in a row for the
first time under his watch and fall into a 3-1 hole, a place from which no NBA
team has ever won a championship series.

You can say it was his moment of truth.

So what did he do?

"I lied," he said.

You bet your Rick Barry hair weave he lied.

When asked at Thursday's shoot-around if he would stick with the struggling
Andrew Bogut at center for Game 4, Kerr said there would be no changes to Golden
State's starting lineup. Asked again two hours before the game, Kerr once again
said there would be no changes.

Turns out he was sandbagging. Kerr smartly benched Bogut in favor of swingman
Andre Iguodala, who scored 22 points while holding LeBron to 20, about half of
what he averaged in the first three games. With the 21-point win, the Warriors
regained home-court advantage and their first-year coach showed he's willing to
get down and dirty to bring home the franchise's first championship in 40 years.
That means zero regrets about misleading the media.

"Sorry, but I don't think they hand you the trophy based on morality," he said.
"They give it to you if you win."

Sounds a bit Belichickian but without the shadiness.

It reminded me of the 2008 matchup between Texas and Oklahoma. Earlier that
week, I pulled then-offensive coordinator Greg Davis aside after his weekly
media availability to ask him a question I didn't want to ask publicly so as not
to give the other writers a chance to steal my topic.

"Do you see any way you can beat Oklahoma with Colt (McCoy) throwing it 35 to 40
times on Saturday?" I asked. "I just don't know that they can keep up with
Jordan (Shipley) and Quan (Cosby)."

"I sure hope we don't have to find out," he said.

Long story short, Colt completed 28 of 35 passes for 277 yards in a great duel
with Sam Bradford while Shipley and Cosby combined to catch 20 balls for 234
yards and a touchdown in Texas' 45-35 win.

After the game, I spotted Davis in the corner of the packed interview room,
holding court with a half-dozen or so reporters. When he saw me approaching, he
stopped midsentence and extended his hand.

"Before I say another word, guys, I have to apologize to Cedric," he said. "I
lied to you, sir. I lied but it was a coach's lie. After I answered your
question, I was thinking, 'Has he been sitting in on our meetings?'"

As for Kerr, he needed the win for obvious reasons, and he earned some coaching
credibility not with the lie but with the very important adjustment of going
small against the bulkier Cavaliers. With Iggy in his face for 39 minutes,
LeBron appeared mortal and tired for the first time in the series, and Golden
State regained its collective swagger.

"(He's) not afraid to take a chance, and obviously (starting Iguodala) isn't a
blind guess," Stephen Curry said. "He's obviously invested in our team and a
smart coach that is willing to make adjustments to help us be in a better
position to win a game."

Expect Cleveland's David Blatt to counter Kerr's counter in Game 5 Sunday. It's
the beauty of a great matchup.

Speaking for those who enjoy Finals dramatics, we're giddy to see a minimum of
two more games in one of the most intriguing championship series we've
experienced in a while.

And that, friends, is no lie.

Contact Cedric Golden at 512-912-5944.

Twitter: @cedgolden

INSIDE
  Myles
  Turner works out for Jazz, C9


NBA FINALS Schedule
  GAME 1: Warriors 108, Cavaliers 100 (OT)
  GAME 2: Cavaliers 95, Warriors 93 (OT)
  GAME 3: Cavaliers 96, Warriors 91
  GAME 4: Warriors 103, Cavaliers 82
  GAME 5: Tonight at Golden State, 7 p.m.
  GAME 6: Tuesday at Cleveland, 8 p.m.
  *GAME 7: Friday at Golden State, 8 p.m.
  *if necessary; all games on ABC


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Perfect book for Wreck Beach

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 562 words


Straight to the Head by Fraser Nixon Arsenal Pulp Press

The Vancouver Sun's book club is discussing Straight to the Head, a
set-in-Vancouver mystery by Fraser Nixon. The book club panel will be chatting
live with Nixon at 7 p.m. on Thursday, August 11 at vancouversun. com.

Melanie Jackson: The presence of the BowMac sign has prompted comments from
others so I thought I'd weigh in. Here's Nixon's unflattering allusion: "A
gigantic, foursided, red, white, and blue sign proclaimed: BowMac. Like a vulgar
sundial, it cast a colossal black shadow over the wasteland."

I didn't find this allusion annoying or tedious. It's funny! And true, from the
perspective of someone who worked nearby in the late 1980s. What makes it so
delicious is that now one hesitates to criticize anything old, even this ugly
sign. But the novel takes place pre-heritage destruction in 1983. So, the
character of Renard can scorn the BowMac sign with impunity and the reader can
chuckle - and then, back in reality, mourn as one does daily the loss of
genuinely lovely heritage sites.

Monique Sherrett: Overall this is a book that I would recommend. I enjoyed the
Vancouver references and felt that Nixon captured a moment in time that
Vancouverites like to forget. Here we have Vancouver as a true port city of the
'80s, a bit sleepy around the edges but fast and furious at its core.

The shadiness of the characters and the surreal quality of the various capers
all make for a fun summer read. It's California Girls playing on the radio,
convertible top down, and hazy (pot) skies. The perfect book to take down to
Wreck Beach.

Ian Weir: Over the course of the discussion, we've been weighing in on (and
admiring) the period elements of the novel - but mainly in terms of geography
and landmarks. We haven't spent as much time discussing the early-'80s vibe as
it manifests in characters' relationships and attitudes.

Overall, it seems to me that the novel does a strong job of evoking and
conjuring those generationago perspectives. But this does result in a number of
male characters who can seem pretty, um, cavalier in their assumptions about
women.

As I say, the assumptions seem faithful to the period, so I was willing as a
reader to roll with them. But then again, this may be easy for me to say -
being, y'know, male. Just wondering how others reacted.

Monique Sherrett: The sexism and racism irritated me when I was reading the
book, but I also went with it. At times it seemed like Nixon threw in some
unnecessary bad jokes but maybe it was purposeful. Julia Denholm: I thought the
book was remarkably less sexist (and racist) than I remember the early '80s
being. Remember horror films of the day? Every terrifying moment required some
rape-y scene involving a semi-nude woman. Have a look at Boogie Nights for a
reminder.

Our book club panel includes Ian Weir, author of the novel Will Starling;
Vancouver young adult author Melanie Jackson; Julia Denholm, dean, arts and
sciences, Capilano

University; Daphne Wood, director, communications and development, Greater
Victoria Public Library; Monique Sherrett, principal at Boxcar Marketing and
founder of somisguided. com; Trevor Battye, a partner in Clevers Media; Tracy
Sherlock, Vancouver Sun books editor; and Bev Wake, senior executive producer
sports for Postmedia Network. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Time for Kelly to take responsibility;
Coach dodges again as NCAA hits Notre Dame

BYLINE: Nancy Armour, narmour@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 583 words


The poor results on the field -- the seven-loss debacle of a season -- are
nothing compared with the embarrassment and shame Brian Kelly just brought on
Notre Dame.

Kelly refused to accept any responsibility Tuesday for NCAA violations that
resulted in the Irish being stripped of 21 victories from the 2012 and 2013
seasons. The 12-1 record in 2012 that included a trip to the Bowl Championship
Series title game, easily the high point of Kelly's contentious tenure, is
vanished.

And right along with it Notre Dame's moral high ground.

Notre Dame has always prided itself on being different, a cut above the college
athletics world that, let's be frank, sometimes looks more like a cesspool. It
only recruited players of the highest quality, their character as sterling as
their talent. Its coaches were role models for doing things the right way,
refusing to compromise their ethics for a couple of extra wins.

Turns out, Notre Dame's principles are every bit as malleable as the Miamis, the
Auburns and all those other schools it has looked down upon over the years.

It's true that Kelly did not have any direct involvement in the violations. The
NCAA Division I Committee on Infractions found that a student trainer had
violated NCAA rules by committing academic misconduct for two football players
and providing six others with impermissible extra academic benefits.

"It was student-on-student cheating," Kelly said. "This matter has nothing to do
with me and my status here."

Wrong. As head coach, it is Kelly's job to know everything that's going on with
his team, the good and the bad.

Maybe Kelly wouldn't have firsthand knowledge. But when a team is this high
profile, on a campus as insulated as Notre Dame's, it's implausible to think
people didn't know about the shadiness. If he or his assistants didn't hear the
whispers and the rumors, it's because they didn't want to.

If you want to take credit when the going is good, then you'd better be prepared
to accept the blame when things go wrong, too.

And that, even more than his team's woeful record, will be Kelly's undoing. He
has had no problem throwing others under the bus when things have gone wrong --
you could make a YouTube video of his sideline tantrums alone -- and had the
audacity to preach about the need for accountability when he disciplined six
players who were arrested before the season.

"You want them to enjoy their time here, but they've got to make good
decisions," Kelly said in a radio interview after the August arrests. "And then
if they don't, hold them accountable for it, and we certainly have done that."

Yet Kelly has shown time and again that his standards don't apply to him.

When a video tower collapsed in October 2010, killing a Notre Dame student who
was taping practice, Kelly defended his decision to practice outdoors that day
by saying conditions "were not unlike many days that I had practiced." I lived
in South Bend for 31/2 years, and I can say with total certitude that winds
gusting up to 53 mph are not typical.

When Lizzy Seeberg committed suicide in September 2010 after accusing linebacker
Prince Shembo of sexual assault, Kelly was one of several university
administrators who tried to sweep it under the rug.

Compared with those two incidents, the NCAA violations are minor. But it fits
the pattern: Nothing is ever Brian Kelly's fault.

The role of a college coach is twofold: Win games and try to set a good example
for the young men he's molding.

In both cases, Brian Kelly is failing miserably.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Logan Bowles, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                January 6, 2008

REVIEW: BOOKS: CRIME: When Dan the Dude ruled New York: A British historian
tackles one of the most celebrated crime stories in the city's history: Satan's
Circus: Murder, Vice, Police Corruption and New York's Trial of the Century Mike
Dash Granta £ 18.99, pp449

BYLINE: DAVID JAYS

SECTION: OBSERVER REVIEW BOOKS PAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 821 words


IT MIGHT have seemed like just another Manhattan murder, one more victim of
criminal infighting. By the sweltering summer of 1912, Herman Rosenthal was a
luckless criminal entrepreneur. With his first wife, he had operated a
traditional business - she on her back, he at the door - but when the couple
split, he tried to make a living running a succession of unlucky gambling clubs.
Flashy and bumptious when flush, sore and querulous when ailing, the least
well-judged decision in his history of poor judgment calls was to go into
business with Charles Becker, a venal police sergeant charged with cleaning up
New York's illicit gaming.

When the covert partnership turned acrimonious (Rosenthal refused to accept that
his club should be raided, if only to keep down appearances), Rosenthal went to
the press, revealing Becker's boggling extortion racket.

The resulting headlines made Rosenthal unpopular with a variety of citizens -
club owners, inveterate gamblers, bent cops and nervous politicians - and he
realised he was in danger. Late one night in July 1912, he sat sweating at the
Hotel Metropole, enjoyed a last cigar and horse's neck cocktail and then,
clutching the early editions in his fist, he swayed outside to be gunned down in
the hotel's arclights, dying in a shroud of the next day's headlines.

Becker was convicted of organising the hit, an archetypal case study of what
clergymen called 'Satan's Circus', the seedy pleasure district of midtown
Manhattan where brothels, saloons and gambling dens provided illicit pleasures
and opportunities for a great cycle of fleecing, with punters, crooks, police
and the politicians in Tammany Hall all taking their cut.

Mike Dash, a British popular historian, has truffled through the sensational
reports of the Rosenthal murder and subsequent trials. New York was agog,
because the case seemed to nail a police force long rumoured to be corrupt.
Becker remains the only US policeman to be executed for murder, but Dash argues,
pretty convincingly, that although no stranger to shadiness, he was not behind
Rosenthal's killing. Instead, he may have been caught between a district
attorney with presidential aspirations, a peremptory judge who loathed the
police and a string of witnesses who chose perjury to save their own skins.

Dash is no stylist and the city's avid, grasping culture never quite comes
alive. Despite a sprawling cast list, evidence drawn from news reports and
public records allows no one much of an inner life. Grotesques emerge most
strongly. Few are as vivid as fearsome Judge Goff, a vindictive cop-hater who
unrepentantly slanted Becker's trial towards conviction. He refused the defence
attorney a lavatory break during a seven-hour cross-examination and, despite the
intense heat, ordered the windows sealed and blinds drawn, hissing: 'There is
not enough gloom in this courtroom.'

Chief prosecution witness was a cadaverous dandy known as Bald Jack Rose, a
chalk-white alopecia sufferer and card sharp who may have ordered the killing,
but who swayed the jury with tales of nude meetings with Becker in the steam
baths. There are many other salty nicknames in Satan's Circus . One of the
assassins was 'Gyp the Blood', who could snap a man's spine over his knee. It
all gets a bit Damon Runyon when we encounter Flat Nose Dinny, Dan the Dude, the
Big Bankroll and Big Chicago May (a working girl whose ingenious speciality was
burying her head in a gentleman's chest and using her teeth to extract the gem
from his scarf pin).

Dash can't bring us close to Becker. Although powerfully embodied, (barrel chest
and fists like typewriters), his motives remain elusive. The sergeant is
alternately described as rectitudinous and venal, as loyal and self-interested.
Reputed to be handy with a nightstick, he was also a campaigning spokesman for
bottom-rung patrolmen.

Contradiction is the human condition, but Dash provides no sense of bedrock for
Becker. His most convincing reading is that of a promising cop who didn't quite
fit the prevailing NYPD culture and never achieved promotion or made his pile.
When the chance finally came to make his mark, Becker shook down gambling joints
with slavering enthu siasm, but hired a press agent to make him seem a
vice-busting hero. Squaring these impulses was impossible: he may not have been
guilty of murder, but certainly succumbed to hubris.

New Yorkers had little doubt that Becker was guilty. The portrait of a greedy
cop who believed he could murder without fear confirmed their worst suspicions
and what makes this tale timely is its ingrained cynicism. Our disillusioned
times may respond with bleak recognition to the mire of cops, crims and
trough-happy politicians all snuffling after their cut. Add ambitious lawyers,
ineffectual reformers and sensation-seeking newsmen and the sense of an
irredeemably tainted public discourse is complete.

To order Satan's Circus for £ 17.99, with free UK p&p,


LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               September 28, 2001

Friday Review: WHAT A CARVE-UP: After a 15-year ban, the Texas Chainsaw Massacre
2 is finally getting a UK release. Nick Hasted on the troubled life of a
satirical classic

BYLINE: Nick Hasted

SECTION: Guardian Friday Pages, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 894 words


Tobe Hooper's The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 has been banned in Britain for 15
years. It was never even granted the certificateless, locally licensed release
of Hooper's original 1974 landmark in rural charnel-house terror to which it's
the sequel. Reviews from its brief, unsuccessful 1986 run on US screens
suggested a failed attempt at a comic sequel to what remains the most gruelling
film many people have ever seen. More rumour than real, Chainsaw 2 was surely
just one more dud made by a director already in decline.

But finally seeing this almost forgotten work last month was shocking in a way
you don't expect. This was not some lame cash-in, but a last flowering of the
satirical, red-raw horror cinema Hooper helped invent.

Joe D'Morais, of film distributors Blue Dolphin, who was also involved in the
original Massacre's release and its reissue last year, explains the delay:
"James Ferman, the head of the BBFC till last year, had a major problem with the
first film. He said he'd never pass it. I never really found out why. Chainsaw 2
gained a reputation for incredible gore, but compared to other films that were
around at the time, which was in the days of the video nasty purge, it's
nothing. When Robin Duval replaced him at the BBFC, he said the first film had
been maligned. And Chainsaw 2 went straight through."

The 12-year gap before Hooper even made the sequel to his savage debut is
evidence of a complex story. The Texas Chainsaw Massacre had been hacked out in
32 days of intense work in Hooper's home town of Austin, by local actors and
technicians suffering 100-degree heat, on a set stinking of rotting meat. By the
end they weren't even being paid, just promised a cut of eventual profits
instead. But as the film became a box-office phenomenon, the shadiness of its
financing - thanks to rumoured mob involvement - was apparent. Hooper had made
enough for "a decent sports car", as he put it, from his work on it by 1982, but
everyone involved stayed resentful and fractious, until Hooper found himself
under contract at 1980s studio Cannon. He was given two big-budget films
(Lifeforce (1985) and Invaders from Mars (1986), both flops), on the condition
he made another Massacre.

As the original investors regrouped, hoping for a payday at last, and Cannon
booked 1,800 screens for a film that didn't yet exist, Hooper contacted the
veteran Texan screenwriter LM "Kit" Carson, fresh from co-writing Paris, Texas
and Jim McBride's Breathless remake. Friends of Carson warned him the job would
wipe him "off the serious screenwriter's map". But he remembered being unable to
finish watching the original, so close was it to "real madness". He signed up.

"The first thing I told Tobe was, 'You're going to have to find the right
victims,'" he recalls. "One of the things the first movie had going for it was
that people were really sick of hippies and enjoyed seeing a Volkswagen full of
'em squashed. So, I went home to Dallas and went to the Galleria, which is a
yuppie feeding ground. I saw all these yuppies buying piles of things, seven
sweaters at a time. I called Tobe up and said, 'I've found the victims."'

Published excerpts from Carson's screenplay are full of sneering references to
"teen-yups" and "gourmet yuppettes", fodder for working-class cannibal
Leatherface in a series of gruesome set pieces. But Hooper planned something
nastier than a "horror comedy". He wanted his audience to experience "guilty
laughter" as the yuppie-count bloodily rose, "to schiz right out, make
themselves feel unsafe and questionable as moral beings".

Hooper had at first only intended to oversee the production. But, weeks before
it began, he realised there was only one suitable director. "It looked like fun
at the onset. That isn't how it turned out."

Furious thunderstorms drove the production inside the abandoned Austin newspaper
building that would double as Leatherface's lair. But the worst horrors came,
once again, from the film's financiers.

"Cannon Films treated Tobe horribly," its female lead, Caroline Williams,
remembers. "They were constantly second-guessing him, looking over his shoulder,
pulling money, giving money. The film that was written and shot was a wonderful
satire. Then they got hold of it, and just fucked it up." First to go were most
of Carson's gleeful yuppie carve-ups, blunting his attack on the 1980s.

Hooper finally moved on. But as sequel rights slipped from one corporation to
the next, the Austin partners who had made the original followed, still chasing
their elusive reward, in a strange saga which refuses to end.

Leatherface: Texas Chainsaw Massacre III was made in 1989, The Return of the
Texas Chainsaw Massacre in 1995. Both were routinely banned in Britain. Lawyer
Robert Kuhn had jostled his way to dominance of the partners by the latter
movie, commenting: "We have a vested interest in The Texas Chainsaw Massacre".

Somehow, the nightmare Hooper created in 1974 remains stronger than such
mercenary aims. The second sequel assaults the 1980s family as ruthlessly as the
first did yuppies; Return kept things savage and weird. But neither matches
Hooper's crazed parting shot. As Leatherface's director Jeff Burr says:
"Everyone admits number two was from another planet."

The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 is released next Friday.


LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              73 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

The major sea change in media discussions of Obama and civil liberties

BYLINE: Glenn Greenwaldguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 1827 words

ABSTRACT

Glenn Greenwald: The controversies over the IRS and especially the AP phone
records appear to have long-lasting effects

FULL TEXT

Due to the controversies over the IRS and (especially) the DOJ's attack on AP's
news gathering process, media outlets have suddenly decided that President Obama
has a very poor record on civil liberties, transparency, press freedoms, and a
whole variety of other issues on which he based his first campaign. The first
two paragraphs of this Washington Post article from yesterday, expressed in
tones of recent epiphany, made me laugh audibly:

"President Obama, a former constitutional law lecturer who came to office
pledging renewed respect for civil liberties, is today running an administration
at odds with his résumé and preelection promises.

"The Justice Department's collection of journalists' phone records and the
Internal Revenue Service's targeting of conservative groups have challenged
Obama's credibility as a champion of civil liberties - and as a president who
would heal the country from damage done by his predecessor."

You don't say! The Washington Post's breaking news here is only about four years
late. Back in mid-2010, ACLU executive director Anthony Romero, speaking about
Obama's civil liberties record at a progressive conference, put it this way:
"I'm disgusted with this president." In the spirit of optimism, one can adopt a
"better-late-than-never" outlook regarding this newfound media awakening.

As a result of the last week, there is an undeniable and quite substantial sea
change in how the establishment media is thinking and speaking about Obama. The
ultimate purveyors of Beltway media conventional wisdom (CW), Politico's Mike
Allen and Jim Vandehei, published an article yesterday headlined "DC turns on
Obama", writing that "the town is turning on President Obama - and this is very
bad news for this White House" and "reporters are tripping over themselves to
condemn lies, bullying and shadiness in the Obama administration." The
Washington Post's political reporter, Dan Balz, another CW bellweather, wrote
that these controversies "reflect questions about the administration that
predate the revelations of the past few days". About the AP story, Balz wrote
that "no one can recall anything as far-reaching as what the Justice Department
apparently did in secretly gathering information about the work of AP
journalists."

This morning, the New York Times' public editor Margaret Sullivan wrote about
the AP story and the broader War on Whistleblowers, and said that Obama's
presidency is "turning out to be the administration of unprecedented secrecy and
of unprecedented attacks on a free press." She added:

This isn't just about press rights. It's about the right of citizens to know
what their government is doing. In an atmosphere of secrecy and punishment -
despite the hollow promises of transparency - that's getting harder every day.

The New York Times itself editorialized today that "the Obama administration,
which has a chilling zeal for investigating leaks and prosecuting leakers, has
failed to offer a credible justification" for its "spying on the AP" and quoted
a letter from the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press to Attorney
General Holder that the AP spying "calls into question the very integrity" of
the administration's policy toward the press. The New Yorker this morning
published an article by its general counsel, Lynn Oberlander, denouncing the
DOJ's conduct as "cowardly" and wrote: "Even beyond the outrageous and
overreaching action against the journalists, this is a blatant attempt to avoid
the oversight function of the courts." Former New York Times general counsel
James Goodale, who represented the paper during its Pentagon Papers fight with
the Nixon administration, said in an interview yesterday that Obama is worse
than Nixon when it comes to press freedoms.

Those are all media venues generally sympathetic to and supportive of Obama. But
this anger has infected even the most Obama-loyal circles. Journalist Jonathan
Alter, who has literally written books using what he touts as his "unmatched
access" that are paens to Obama's greatness and Goodness, yesterday demanded:
"Obama should simply apologize to the AP and its reporters. It's the least he
can do to show he still believes in the First Amendment." Even at MSNBC, its
most influential host, Rachel Maddow, broadcast a 20-minute segment vehemently
condemning the Obama DOJ on the AP matter that featured an interview with a AP
lawyer and used Nixon's attacks on Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg as
background. Maddow then broadcast another segment on the IRS' targeting of
right-wing groups in which she correctly pointed out that there is no evidence
of Obama's personal role in that targeting but that it will create serious
problems for his administration.

There are two significant points to make from these events. First, it is
remarkable how media reactions to civil liberties assaults are shaped almost
entirely by who the victims are. For years, the Obama administration has been
engaged in pervasive spying on American Muslim communities and dissident groups.
It demanded a reform-free renewal of the Patriot Act and the Fisa Amendments Act
of 2008, both of which codify immense powers of warrantless eavesdropping,
including ones that can be used against journalists. It has prosecuted double
the number of whistleblowers under espionage statutes as all previous
administrations combined, threatened to criminalize WikiLeaks, and abused
Bradley Manning to the point that a formal UN investigation denounced his
treatment as "cruel and inhuman".

But, with a few noble exceptions, most major media outlets said little about any
of this, except in those cases when they supported it. It took a direct and
blatant attack on them for them to really get worked up, denounce these
assaults, and acknowledge this administration's true character. That is redolent
of how the general public reacted with rage over privacy invasions only when new
TSA airport searches targeted not just Muslims but themselves: what they
perceive as "regular Americans". Or how former Democratic Rep. Jane Harman -
once the most vocal defender of Bush's vast warrantless eavesdropping programs -
suddenly began sounding like a shrill and outraged privacy advocate once it was
revealed that her own conversations with Aipac representatives were recorded by
the government.

Leave to the side how morally grotesque it is to oppose rights assaults only
when they affect you. The pragmatic point is that it is vital to oppose such
assaults in the first instance no matter who is targeted because such assaults,
when unopposed, become institutionalized. Once that happens, they are impossible
to stop when - as inevitably occurs - they expand beyond the group originally
targeted. We should have been seeing this type of media outrage over the last
four years as the Obama administration targeted non-media groups with these
kinds of abuses (to say nothing of the conduct of the Bush administration before
that). It shouldn't take an attack on media outlets for them to start caring
this much.

Second, we yet again see one of the most significant aspects of the Obama
legacy: the way in which it has transformed and degraded so many progressive
precincts. Almost nobody is defending the DOJ's breathtaking targeting of AP,
and with good reason: as the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press made
clear yesterday, it's unprecedented:

"In the thirty years since the Department issued guidelines governing its
subpoena practice as it relates to phone records from journalists, none of us
can remember an instance where such an overreaching dragnet for news gathering
materials was deployed by the Department, particularly without notice to the
affected reporters or an opportunity to seek judicial review."

But there are a few people excusing or outright defending the DOJ here: namely,
some progressive blogs and media outlets. They are about the only ones willing
to defend this sweeping attempt to get the phone records of AP journalists.

As I noted yesterday, TPM's Josh Marshall - who fancies himself an edgy
insurgent against mainstream media complacency as he spends day after day
defending the US government's most powerful officials - printed an anonymous
email accusing AP of engineering a "smear of Justice". Worse, Media Matters this
morning posted "talking points" designed to defend the DOJ in the AP matter that
easily could have come directly from the White House and which sounded like
Alberto Gonzales, arguing that "if the press compromised active counter-terror
operations for a story that only tipped off the terrorists, that sounds like it
should be investigated" and that "it was not acceptable when the Bush
Administration exposed Valerie Plame working undercover to stop terrorists from
attacking us. It is not acceptable when anonymous sources do it either." It also
sought to blame Republicans for defeating a bill to protect journalists without
mentioning that Obama, once he became president, reversed his position on such
bills and helped to defeat it. Meanwhile, the only outright, spirited,
unqualified defense of the DOJ's conduct toward AP that I've seen comes from a
Media Matters employee and "liberal" blogger.

During the Bush years, it was conservatives who supported the Bush DOJ and
Alberto Gonzales' threats against the press on national security grounds; now,
defenders of such threats to press freedoms are found almost exclusively from
progressive circles (similarly, many of the most vicious and vocal attacks on
WikiLeaks and Bradley Manning have come from progressives).

This is such a under-appreciated but crucial aspect of the Obama legacy. Recall
back in 2008 that the CIA prepared a secret report (subsequently leaked to
WikiLeaks) that presciently noted that the election of Barack Obama would be the
most effective way to stem the tide of antiwar sentiment, because it would put a
pleasant, happy, progressive face on those wars and thus convert large numbers
of Obama supporters from war opponents into war supporters. That, of course, is
exactly what happened: not just in the realm of militarism but civil liberties
and a whole variety of other issues. That has had the effect of transforming
what were, just a few years ago, symbols of highly contentious right-wing
radicalism into harmonious bipartisan consensus. That the most vocal defenders
of this unprecedented government acquisition of journalists' phone records comes
from government-loyal progressives - reciting the standard slogans of National
Security and Keeping Us Safe and The Terrorists - is a potent symbol indeed of
this transformation.

Q-and-A

Using an excellent new Guardian tool, I'll be hosting a reader Q-and-A with
readers here from 2:00 pm to 4:00 EST today. Right now, you can leave your
questions and vote for the best questions, and participate starting at 2:00 pm,
here.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              74 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                August 27, 2003

Lilly-livered treachery on the high seas;
The Pirate Hunter: The True Story of Captain Kidd by Richard Zacks;
Headline 432pp £ 17.99 (£ 15.99)

BYLINE: Reviewed by Kevin Rushby

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 737 words



One of the ironies of pirate history is that many of the great names that sent
generations of children diving under the bedcovers are either fictional or were
not proper pirates at all.  Take Long John Silver: Stevenson said he was based
on W E Henley, who is well-documented as having been a law-abiding citizen, sans
parrot.  Edward Teach, aka Black-beard?  Nothing but a psychopathic loser who
robbed fishing boats.  Henry Morgan?  A rum-sozzled soak better at torturing
prisoners than capturing treasure.  And Captain Kidd -- the frightful fiend who
starred in such classics as the 1952 Abbott And Costello Meet Captain Kidd?  Not
quite.

Richard Zacks has set about finding the real person behind the Kidd legend.  It
is not an easy task, but we know we are in good salty hands when his opening
page has a confederate of Kidd identified by his prepuce.  This is a rumbustious
romp full of telling details, and is one of the best descriptions of pirate life
since Captain Johnson's A General History Of The Robberies And Murders Of The
Most Notorious Pyrates of 1724.

Kidd was hanged for piracy in London in 1701.  The fascination with him,
however, is based more on the legend that his buried treasure lies somewhere on
the eastern seaboard of the United States.  Added to this is the spice of
transatlantic rivalry.  In one version -- the one Zacks follows -- Kidd was an
adopted son of America, a freedom-loving diamond in the rough who was dragged
back to London and hanged by turncoat toffs.

The story proper kicks off when Kidd is seduced by a gang of English lords into
a hare-brained scheme to capture pirates in the Indian Ocean and share out their
loot.  A kind interpretation might be that it was the privatisation of
policework -- English pirates were causing all kinds of trouble for the East
India trade in the 1690s.  More precisely it was ermine-fingered theft.

Zacks does not delay us with analysis of such things, nor does he dwell on the
fact that Kidd must have seen the moral shadiness of the deal from the start.
This Kidd is a salt-of-the-seas character with a raging temper and a romantic
streak who believes, naively, that his backers will stand by him.  Herein lies
both the book's strengths and its weakness.  In taking sides early on, Zacks
builds up a compelling tale.  On the other hand, by sticking to personal detail,
he loses sight of the big picture.  Surely one of the most interesting things
about Kidd is that he and his backers were themselves seduced by myths about
pirates and their astounding wealth stashed in far-off places.

After he set sail for the east, Kidd's behaviour was suspicious: he skipped the
chance to attack the known pirate stronghold of Isle St Marie off the coast of
Madagascar in preference to shadowing pilgrim fleets.  Later, with a rebellious
crew hungry for loot, he allowed the taking of the richly laden Quedah Merchant,
an Indian-owned vessel with an English captain, Armenian flag and French papers.
The capture was distinctly dubious: although England was at war with France,
Kidd had raised French colours to elicit the French papers.

Having satisfied his crew's greed, he sailed for St Marie where he tiptoed
around a genuine pirate, Robert Culliford.  Zacks's book has many side plots and
diversionary voyages along the way, but the main one -- that of pirate Culliford
-- is a tour-de-force.  Culliford had been a colleague of Kidd's in the early
Caribbean days but went "on account", that is fully piratical, taking one of
Kidd's ships with him.  Culliford's criminal gusto provides a counterfoil to
Kidd's prevarications as they both rampage east.

I would have preferred the action to be delayed for a moment to digest this, but
we are off with Kidd back to New York for the carve-up by the evil Lord
Bellomont, who strips what he can from his former protege and then dispatches
him to London to be tried.  The trial was a travesty.  Kidd was thrown into
solitary confinement at Newgate -- another memorable description -- and then hit
with the unexpected charge of murder.

Despite its unapologetic partiality and a few geographical errors, this is a
tremendous book, closely woven and cross-referenced, and full of verve and wit.
The final image is of the corpse of Kidd, the half-hearted buccaneer, gibbeted
at Tilbury Reach.  Meanwhile Culliford, the full-blooded pirate, walks free, his
treasure still intact.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              75 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 25, 2005 Friday

WISCONSIN-MILWAUKEE STANDS BY ITS COACH

BYLINE: BRIAN LEWIS

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 107

LENGTH: 524 words


ROSEMONT, Ill. - One 12th seed ever had reached the Elite Eight of the NCAA
tournament, never had one upset a No. 1 seed.

The Panthers of Wisconsin-Milwaukee didn't care last night. The smart money was
on top-ranked Illinois in their Sweet 16 meeting, but the smart money already
had been wrong - twice.

UWM shot the lights out against an Alabama team too lazy to fight through
screens, then pressed a Boston College team to haughty to know when to spot
trash-talking. But last night was personal, with coach Bruce Pearl the target of
unbridled hatred from Illini Nation.

It was Pearl who dropped dime on the Illini in 1989, landing them on probation.
Last night, as Illinois fans were raking Pearl across the coals, UWM - the last
true Cinderella left in this year's Big Dance - was rallying behind the head of
the Panthers family.

"We're a family, and there are 20 of us against the world," Adrian Tigert said.
"I read one of the articles and it got to me, because people are talking bad
about a family member; so we're taking it personally. It just magnifies the
situation. It's going to pull us together and fuel us that much more."

They needed all the fuel they could get against the Big Ten champs, tailor-made
to beat the press with Deron Williams, Dee Brown and Luther Head. But it was
another Illinois guard who was at the epicenter of the story last night, even
though he was in Israel, not in Rosemont.

Deon Thomas, Illinois' all-time leading scorer, was playing in Tev Aviv. After
verbally committing in 1989 to Iowa and then-assistant Pearl, Thomas
de-committed for Illinois. Convinced of shadiness, Pearl taped a phone call in
which Thomas implied Illini assistant Jimmy Collins offered him $80,000 and a
Chevy Blazer to sign.

Pearl turned over the tape to the NCAA. Thomas denied getting anything, and the
Illini were cleared of those charges. But the 16-month NCAA investigation found
enough infractions to get them put on probation, banned from the 1991 postseason
and Collins barred from off-campus recruiting.

"It's a tough situation," said Illinois coach Bruce Weber, a Purdue assistant at
the time. "You've got two coaches involved, maybe one guy went a little too far.
It wasn't good for either person, to be honest. But you've got to go on with
life. It's history."

Which is where the players would rather have left it. Illinois' Williams said,
"I don't know much about the situation. Growing up in Texas, I didn't watch
Illinois basketball."

UWM star Ed McCants said he knew all about Pearl's history with Illinois, and
said the furor was ridiculous.

"I think I was 9 years old when it happened. A lot of fans probably were 4, 5,
6, 7 as well," McCants said. "I don't have any grudges about something that
happened when I was 6 years old. It's kind of silly. I could really care less."

Which is the way Pearl wanted it.

"I didn't say a word to them. It has nothing to do with the game," said Pearl,
who seemingly was blacklisted and spent nine prolific seasons at Division II
Southern Indiana before getting a mid-major D-1 job. Even so, he said, "I have
not had one coach in 16 years who said I did something wrong."

Just not to his face.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PEARL OF WISDOM:Bruce Pearl, who turned in Illinois over a suspected
recruiting violation in 1989, had his current Wisconsin-Milwaukee team in the
Sweet 16 last night, facing the Illini. (Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 18, 2005 Sunday

Traveling exhibit should address steroid issue;
RICK HURD: INSIDE BASEBALL

SECTION: SPORTS; BRIEF; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 2677 words




 Hall of Fame president says the full story must play out first

The large, color photograph stands out from behind the display case. A giant
street sign, hovering over Interstate 70 in St. Louis, bearing the words "Mark
McGwire Highway."

It's a striking image, to be sure, but one that could have been even more
powerful had it come with something to complement it. Say, perhaps, a picture of
a bespectacled McGwire testifying in front of a Congressional committee in
March.

If the "Baseball as America" exhibition -- which opened to the public Saturday
at the Oakland Museum of California and has been touring the United States since
2004 -- examines the relationship between baseball and American culture, then
performance-enhancing drugs must fit into that equation somewhere.

"It's a good question," National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum president Dale
Petroskey said during a private viewing Thursday. "We're relatively new into it
right now, so we're going to find out. Whether guys are found out, whether guys
are proven guilty, we've got the advantage of waiting to see how it develops
over time. But (the Hall of Fame) deals with any issue."

Needless to say, baseball's steroid scandal is a monumental one. We know now,
beyond a doubt, that players have used the juice. Only a select few, most
notably Rafael Palmeiro, have been outed by a positive drug test, but other
evidence -- from leaked grand jury testimony to the published admissions of the
late Ken Caminiti and Jose Canseco -- paints a pretty clear picture of what was
taking place in baseball in the 10 years after the 1994 players strike cancelled
the World Series.

And though evidence has not been brought forward to prove McGwire's magical
70-home run summer of 1998 was steroid-propelled, we know that the era in which
it was achieved in some way led to his sorry moment on Capitol Hill.

In other words, baseball's shiniest moments in the 1990's came with an ample
amount of shadiness attached.

It was the culture then, and it continues to have an impact now.

"Baseball changed because society changed," Hall of Fame second baseman Joe
Morgan said. "Our society ... started taking short cuts to reach great rewards.
Our society started not holding people accountable and still doesn't. I mean,
not to point any fingers at Martha Stewart, but she went to jail for a crime,
and she's more popular than ever. What does that say?"

But if the exhibit teaches us anything, it's that culture is an ever-evolving
phenomenon. As such, baseball's historians have a chance to make an inroad where
commissioner Bud Selig seemingly cannot. Stories such as that of Donald Hooton
-- the father whose own Congressional testimony detailed his son's steroid
addiction and suicide at 17 -- must get their own display cases, because such an
education would be at least as impactful as any drug-testing policy union head
Donald Fehr could fight.

"We'll do something," Petroskey said. "I could see us down the road having an
exhibit that deals with sports medicine. And if you get into that, then you're
going to have to get into performance-enhancers. You can't just pretend that it
didn't exist."

To the Hall's credit, it never has turned a blind eye to baseball's shady side.
An exhibit at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown deals with the legacy of the 1919
Chicago "Black" Sox, who are remembered now only for throwing the World Series
that season. Pete Rose's 1989 banishment for gambling is also addressed.

Now, it must tackle "The Steroid Era." It should make for a great educational
study. As such, the large, color photo of the "Mark McGwire Highway" was nice. A
picture of Donald Hooten adjacent to it would've been even better.

AROUND THE HORN

RICK HURD: INSIDE BASEBALL



 Can a DH be the MVP? That's the debate of the moment, thanks to the recent
exploits of Boston Red Sox designated hitter David Ortiz, who surpassed 40
homers for the second straight season last week. But since the position was
created in 1973, no full-time DH has ever won the award. Don Baylor came the
closest, garnering the honor with the California Angels in 1979 while playing 97
games in the outfield and 65 at DH.



 One thing to consider regarding the above-mentioned debate: de facto DH's Jason
Giambi, Juan Gonzalez, Mo Vaughn, Frank Thomas and George Bell all won the MVP
award while leading the American League in errors. Meantime, 16-time Gold Glove
winner Brooks Robinson won the award only once and 13-time Gold Glove winner
Ozzie Smith never did better than a runner-up finish. Robinson and Smith each
established career-best offensive totals in the seasons they earned the gold and
silver, respectively.



 You figure Yankees sluggers Alex Rodriguez, Hideki Matsui and Gary Sheffield
may get some votes, too. The modern-day Murderers' Row became the first Yankees
trio to have 100 RBI in the same season since Joe DiMaggio, Bill Dickey and Lou
Gehrig in 1938.



 For those still cursing the trade of former A's outfielder Eric Byrnes, please
note that he isn't exactly burn, baby, burning for the Baltimore Orioles. Byrnes
lost his status as the team's everyday left fielder last week, because his
inability to hit righties has continued. Byrnes is hitting .214 overall since
joining the O's, including .194 against right-handers. He entered Friday in a
14-for-90 slump and, more recently, was 1-for-21.



 Speaking of the O's, there was a Rafael Palmeiro sighting in Texas last week.
Palmeiro, who was sent to his Texas home by the team, skipped the Orioles' first
two games at the Rangers, then watched the third from a skybox. He did not visit
his teammates. Incidentally, as ESPN's Buster Olney has been chronicling on his
blog, it's been 49 days since Palmeiro promised he'd explain himself regarding
his steroid suspension.



 It's been a trying year for several former A's employees, and it got just a
touch worse for former assistant general manager Paul DePodesta last week. The
Los Angeles Dodgers GM learned that much-injured $55 million outfielder J.D.
Drew, already out since June with a left shoulder injury, will have arthroscopic
surgery on his injured right wrist and right shoulder this off-season. That news
came a day after he officially rescinded the Dodgers' offer of a $2.98 million
signing bonus to top draft pick (and Scott Boras client) Luke Hochevar.



 Speaking of ex-A's, Boston Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon told the Orange
County Register last week that the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim would be his
No. 1 choice as a future employer should he not reach agreement on a new
contract with the Red Sox. Which begets one question: Hasn't he already gone
Hollywood?



 Meantime, the Chicago White Sox may be preparing to go bust. Manager Ozzie
Guillen sent left-handed reliever Damaso Marte home for a couple of days last
week and had Marte's locker cleaned out after Marte showed up late to a game in
which he wasn't available. Marte reported a mysterious neck injury after hitting
both batters he faced when summoned into a game against the Kansas City Royals,
then got into a shouting match with Guillen after being tardy to Sunday's game
against the Angels. It was hardly the lone incident of tension for a team that
has played below-.500 ball (36-38) since July 18 and through Thursday had seen
10 1/2 games shaved off it's once 15-game lead over the Cleveland Indians.



 We reported in this space that the Indians' surge has been spurred primarily by
starting pitching. Now here's evidence that from top-to-bottom, Cleveland may
have the best rotation in the game. The Indians are on pace to have five
starters -- Kevin Millwood, C.C. Sabathia, Cliff Lee, Jake Westbrook and Scott
Elarton -- make 30 starts for the first time in the team's 105-year history.
Millwood leads the American League in ERA, Lee is tops in winning percentage.



 We also mentioned a week ago that Jim Leyland may be a leading candidate to be
the Pittsburgh Pirates' next manager, but he might want to reconsider. According
to baseball researcher Bill Arnold, a manager's chance of succeeding once he
returns from a long layoff is virtually nill. Seven skippers -- Paul Richards,
Larry Bowa, Frank Robinson, Jeff Torborg, Herman Franks, Yogi Berra and Rene
Lachemann -- have endured layoffs of at least eight years since 1960, and not
one has made a playoff appearance after returning. Leyland's own sabbatical has
lasted six years; he last managed in 1999, guiding the Colorado Rockies to a
72-90 record.



 Mike Mordecai's own managerial future began taking shape this summer, but that
didn't keep him from returning for a September stint as a player. Mordecai
returned last week from managing the Class A short-season Jamestown (N.Y.)
Jammers and rejoined the Florida Marlins. Mordecai, who retired last season,
returned so he could fulfill the 10 days he needed to qualify for a 10-year
major-league pension. Mordecai wasn't the first former player to return after
managing in the minors. Luis Sojo played four games for the New York Yankees in
2003 after spending 2002 as a manager.



 The writing may not be on the wall regarding catcher Mike Piazza's future with
the New York Mets, but it seems to be on the scoreboard. On Tuesday, the Shea
Stadium DiamondVision debuted a countdown of "Mike Piazza Moments," and the
feature was expected to be played at each of New York's final 13 home games.
Piazza, 37, is in the final year of his contract and has said he'd like to play
next year. The Mets have also held talks about having a day in Piazza's honor.



 Perhaps broadcasting awaits in Piazza's future. He certainly couldn't make a
gaffe any worse than the one by St. Louis Cardinals announcer Mike Shannon last
week. Bill Arnold's Beyond the Box Score reports that Shannon, who has done
Cardinals games for 34 years, asked his guest, Missouri congressman Russ
Carnahan, how his father was doing. Carnahan's father, former Missouri governor
Mel Carnahan, died in a plane crash five years ago.



 If you were concerned the knuckleball would go the way of the condor once
Boston starter Tim Wakefield hung 'em up, buck up. Texas Rangers pitcher R.A.
Dickey spent the summer learning to throw the pitch in the minors and unveiled
it to decent reviews Tuesday (two hits over his final 6-1/3 innings). The
Rangers have arranged for Dickey to meet with longtime knuckleball thrower
Charlie Hough on Tuesday.



 Finally, the last vestiges of the Montreal Expos went extinct on Sept. 8 with
the conclusion of the New York-Penn rookie league. The Vermont Expos, who
according to Arnold's Beyond the Box Score were the last pro team playing with
that nickname, had sported the name since they began play in 1994 and kept it
this season as a tribute to the franchise that used to play 100 miles north. In
2006, the club will have a new moniker to be determined by a name-your-team
contest.

Rick Hurd's rankings

Rank, team Comment Previous

1. Cardinals Fourth NL Central crown in 6 years won't satisfy them 1

2. Indians They look awfully similar to '03 Marlins 5

3. Yankees After all the turmoil, AL East there to be had 6

4. Red Sox Of David Ortiz's 42 HR's; 17 have tied game or gotten lead 2

5. Braves Recently, no keeping up with these Jones' 3

6. Phillies Brett Myers has picked a bad time for a slump 14

7. Marlins Carlos Delgado 9th player with 9 straight 30-plus HR years 7

8. White Sox It's a long way from April 4

9. Astros Andy Pettitte is 13-2, 1.50 since June 20 9

10. Angels Signs of life from Garret Anderson 8

11. A'S Mark Ellis hitting .359 since All-Star break 10

12. Nationals They just keep filibustering 13

13. Twins Reign was nice while it lasted 11

14. Brewers Who knew Capuano and Ohka would be so effective? 16

15. Padres Sean Burroughs sighting might've saved bacon 12

16. Cubs Corey Patterson balking at idea of winter ball 17

17. Blue Jays A pro's pro: Shea Hillenbrand 18

18. Reds Felipe Lopez joins Larkin, Cardenas: only Reds SS's w/20 HR's 23

19. Mets Who is that imposter wearing Carlos Beltran's uniform? 15

20. Dodgers If only they could use a three-man rotation 21

21. Orioles Rodrigo Lopez 7-0, 1.92 vs. AL West 26

22. Giants Barry's strike zone has grown as dramatically as he once did 22

23. Mariners Jeff Harris watch: ERA still under 4.00 25

24. Rangers Michael Young 22nd with 3 straight 200-plus hit years 19

25. Rockies Aaron Cook might give them a pitcher to anchor staff 24

26. Devil Rays They've lost 16 times when leading after seven innings 20

27. D'backs A career defined by doing less with more: Shawn Estes 27

28. Pirates They continue to do what they do best 28

29. Tigers Ivan the Terrible has become a sad symbol of this team 30

30 Royals Finally got the memo that rallies can be had in 9th 29

Rankings and games reflect games through Thursday

FIRE

Popping corks

The St. Louis Cardinals have clinched their second straight NL Central crown;
Mark Teixeira (100 career homers) and Dontrelle Willis (21 wins) could toast
their efforts, and Barry Bonds' return surely caused a glass or 100 to be raised
at the Giants' executive offices.

Jones

Atlanta's Andruw has reached the 50-homer plateau and leads the NL in RBI;
Florida's Todd had converted 28 consecutive saves through Thursday; and
Minnesota's Jacque entered the weekend as the only Twin with as many as 20 home
runs.

Tom Glavine, Mets

His team has faded and his numbers (10-13, 3.88 through Thursday) weren't
glittering, but there's something to be said for longevity. Glavine made his
600th start Tuesday. Only Steve Carlton (677), Warren Spahn (665) and Greg
Maddux (635) have started more in the NL..

ICE

Popping off

Detroit's Ivan Rodriguez denounces the losing ways of a franchise that handed
him $40 million over four years; top prospect Delmon Young blasts the Tampa Bay
Devil Rays for being cheap; and Washington's Jose Guillen has an
equipment-bashing meltdown at an ump.

Hudson

The sprained ankle sustained by Toronto's Orlando is but one in a string of
injuries for him; Cincinnati's Luke gets yanked from the rotation because he
can't find the strike zone (47 walks, 75 innings); and despite a 3.36 ERA,
Atlanta's Tim was still finding wins difficult to obtain.

Gabe Kapler, Red Sox

Bad enough that a career move to Japan didn't work out, and now the former Minor
League Player of the Year's career may be at an end. Kapler ruptured his
Achillies' while circling the bases on, of all things, a teammate's home run.
Who knows, maybe he was cursed?

BY THE NUMBERS



 12: Players who have hit 300 career homers before turning 30, after Atlanta's
Andruw Jones joined the club with his 50th this season Wednesday.



 7: Members -- Jimmie Foxx, Mickey Mantle, Eddie Mathews, Hank Aaron, Mel Ott,
Frank Robinson and Harmon Killebrew -- of the above group who have retired, all
of them Hall of Famers.



 15: Players in major-league history whose first name has begun with "Y",
according to ESPN's Jayson Stark.



 3: Current members of the Seattle Mariners -- Yorman Bazardo, Yuniesky
Betancourt and Yorvit Torrealba -- whose first names begin with "Y."



 $3.5: Million in incentives that Kansas City Royals starter Jose Lima will earn
in this season despite going 5-14 with a 6.60 ERA through Thursday.

YOU DON'T SAY

FANTASY

Use



 JUAN URIBE, White Sox: Through Thursday, nobody had been hitting better (.465)
or getting on base more (.521) in September than he has.



 CORY SULLIVAN, Rockies: He leads the majors in runs scored (14 through
Thursday) this month, and typifies the use of young players that fantasy players
should be employing.

Use less



 IVAN RODRIGUEZ, Tigers: He checked out mentally some time ago, and his numbers
(.295 on-base percentage, 49 RBI) show it. He's not a very expensive risk in
2006.



 JOSE MESA, Pirates: He's lost his closer's job in Pittsburgh, and he's probably
given fantasy owners enough gray hairs to last a lifetime.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump, schooled in his own game, isn't so wily after all

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 782 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career. In
response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or even
shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes. "I have
used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you read about
every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter laws, to
do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my family, et
cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

On Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used the
bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It'sused all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a businessperson would be foolish not to use it to his
advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system-rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Repub- lican convention,
as well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomin- ation should Trump prove unable
to secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

My Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed: Cruz is taking advantage of
the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just as amorally,
as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted bankruptcy
laws. Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic. Having built his
campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest much in a ground
game and taken little interest until recently in how the delegate system works,
Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and "Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months. "He's trying to steal
things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped about a competitor who is
cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about un- fair systems and those who exploit them. One is that he's
a hypocrite. Obvious enough. The other is: The main premise of his campaign -
that his wiliness in the business world will translate to wiliness in politics
and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign, let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him, the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly convert
his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                  Main Edition

COLLEGES: 'Passion and support' lift Saban

BYLINE: CARTER STRICKLAND; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3H

LENGTH: 633 words


Hoover, Ala. --- The first indication the circus was in town was the arrival of
the elephants.

There they were at 6:45 a.m. in the lobby of the Wynfrey Hotel. Some dressed in
red. Some holding signs. Some rivaling the tonnage of an actual elephant. It was
a sight to behold and then quickly forget.

But it is one that has continued to stick with Nick Saban wherever he goes. He
is the new head coach at Alabama. And this is his pack of pachyderms, aka fans.

"It is a little more intense than recent years," said Alabama center Antoine
Caldwell. "It's not as bad as it is here, but there have been a lot more cameras
in Tuscaloosa than last year."

There have been a lot more people everywhere, including 92,000 at the spring
game.

"We certainly appreciate the passion and support that our fans have, the
excitement they have about the program," Saban said. "That's the kind of
positive energy that I think is going to be important for us to sustain as a
program and will be very beneficial to us become successful in the future," he
added.

Success is not the reason these people are all following the $4 million man's
every move. It's failure that has them intrigued. Make that the fact that Saban
hasn't had any yet at Alabama. (Save for his brief brush with the NCAA in
recruiting.)

Right now the coach is perfect, and he is theirs. The obvious question with
Saban, and Alabama for that matter, is how long will he be theirs? Alabama has
had four coaches this century. And Saban moves around the football world like a
hummingbird, drinking from a few feeders, then buzzing away.

His latest flight took him from Miami to Alabama. It also took him to the brink
of admitting he failed. Not on the field. But in telling the truth.

"Maybe we could have handled it a better way," he said of his latest move.

The way Saban handled it was with subterfuge and shadiness. After several stern
statements that he wasn't headed to Alabama from Miami, the coach finally did
return to college.

"When I made those statements, they were true," Saban said. "I believed them."

Now that he has made that transition, Saban said the college game is the one
that suits him best.

"When we learned about [the Alabama job], we felt like, 55 years old, where do
you want to spend the rest of your time?" Saban said. "We love college football
because we like the spirit and enthusiasm of it. We feel like we can impact and
affect young people in a more positive way in college football because of their
age. The development process they're going through.

"That's certainly what we wanted to finish our career doing, and that's
absolutely what we're going to do," Saban said. "That's my story, and it always
will be."

The story is slightly different down on the bayou. Saban took LSU to a national
title just a few years ago. Then he was criticized for leaving the program. Then
many took umbrage with his colorful use of descriptive words when talking about
the Cajun folk of Louisiana.

"They finally got me off the billboards down there, huh?" joked Auburn's Tommy
Tuberville.

Yeah, Saban is now public enemy No. 1 in Baton Rouge. He is having to deal with
the pressure of that while also building a program,

"I know Nick's probably had a tough time, as I did my first year at Auburn,
having to answer all the questions about this and that," Tuberville said.
"Again, that's part of it. But I've kind of enjoyed being underneath the radar
for the last six months."

The tension between LSU and Saban has grown beyond Saban and LSU.

"One of our ladies ... who worked for us at LSU who went to a wedding in Baton
Rouge got her tires slashed," Saban said. "So I think we're very aware of the
backlash."

But that is the SEC where fans live for it every day. And now that Saban is
back, Alabama fans, at least, are hoping he lives up to expectations.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ROB CARR / Associated PressAlabama coach Nick Saban signs
autographs before leaving the SEC football meetings. Saban says coaching college
football is "certainly what we wanted to finish our career doing."/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              79 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 August 9, 2003

Saturday review: History: Pirates on account: Kevin Rushby follows in the stormy
wake of Captain Kidd: The Pirate Hunter: The True Story of Captain Kidd by
Richard Zacks 432pp, Headline, pounds 17.99

BYLINE: Kevin Rushby

SECTION: Guardian Saturday Pages, Pg. 10

LENGTH: 851 words


One of the ironies of pirate history is that many of the great names that sent
generations of small children diving under the bedcovers are either completely
fictional or weren't proper pirates at all. Take Long John Silver, who gave my
guts a genuine twist of fear as a nine-year-old: Stevenson said he was based on
WE Henley, who is well-documented as having been a law-abiding citizen sans
parrot. Edward Teach, aka Blackbeard? Nothing but a psychopathic loser who
robbed fishing boats. Henry Morgan? A rum-sozzled soak better at torturing
prisoners than capturing treasure. And Captain Kidd - the same frightful fiend
who starred in such classics as the 1952 spellbinder Abbott and Costello Meet
Captain Kidd ? Not quite.

Richard Zacks has set about finding the real person behind the Kidd legend. It
is not an easy task, but we know we are in good salty hands when his opening
page has a confederate of Kidd identified by his prepuce. This is a rumbustious
romp full of telling details, and is one of the best descriptions of pirate life
since the great Captain Johnson's A General History of the Robberies and Murders
of the most Notorious Pyrates of 1724.

Kidd was hanged for piracy at Wapping in 1701. The fascination with him,
however, is based more on the legend that his buried treasure lies somewhere on
the eastern seaboard of the United States. Added to this is the spice of
transatlantic rivalry. In one version - the one Zacks follows - Kidd was an
adopted son of America, a freedom-loving diamond in the rough who was dragged
back to London and hanged by turncoat toffs, men happy to pocket stolen goods
and see the captain swing.

The story proper kicks off when Kidd is seduced by a gang of English lords into
a hare-brained scheme to capture pirates in the Indian Ocean and share out their
loot. A kind interpretation might be that it was the privatisation of policework
- English pirates were causing all kinds of trouble for the East India trade in
the 1690s. More precisely, it was ermine-fingered theft.

Zacks does not delay us with analysis of such things, nor does he dwell on the
fact that Kidd must have seen the moral shadiness of the deal from the start.
This Kidd is a salt-of-the-earth (and the seas) character with a raging temper
and a romantic streak who believes, naively, that his backers will stand by him.
Herein lies both the book's strengths and its weakness. In taking sides early
on, Zacks builds up a compelling tale. On the other hand, by sticking to
personal detail he loses sight of the big picture. Surely one of the most
interesting things about Kidd is that he and his backers were themselves seduced
by myths about pirates, namely that these drunken wastrels were in possession of
astounding wealth in far-off places where the morality of home need not apply.

After he set sail for the east, Kidd's behaviour in the Indian Ocean was
suspicious: he skipped the chance to attack the known pirate stronghold of Isle
St Marie off the coast of Madagascar in preference to shadowing pilgrim fleets.
Later, with a rebellious crew hungry for loot, he allowed the taking of the
richly laden Quedah Merchant, an Indian-owned vessel with an English captain,
Armenian flag and French papers. The capture was distinctly dubious: although
England was at war with France, Kidd had raised French colours to elicit the
French papers (ships routinely carried those of several nations).

Having satisfied his crew's greed, he eventually sailed for St Marie where he
tiptoed around a genuine pirate, Robert Culliford. Zacks's book has many side
plots and diversionary voyages along the way, but the main one - that of pirate
Culliford - is a tour-de-force. Culliford had been a colleague of Kidd's in the
early Caribbean days but went "on account", that is fully piratical, taking one
of Kidd's ships with him. The pirate's sheer gusto and criminality provide an
interesting counterfoil to Kidd's prevarications and deceptions as they both
rampage eastwards.

Again, I would have preferred the action to be delayed for just a moment to
digest this properly, but Zacks never lets up: we're off with Kidd back to New
York for the carve-up by the evil Lord Bellomont, who strips what he can from
his former protege and then dispatches him to London to be tried. The trial
itself was a travesty. Kidd was thrown into solitary confinement at Newgate -
another memorable description here - and then hit with the unexpected charge of
murder.

Despite its unapologetic partiality towards Kidd and a few geographical errors,
this is a tremendous book, closely woven and cross-referenced, and full of verve
and wit. The final image is of the corpse of Kidd, the half-hearted buccaneer,
gibbeted at Tilbury Reach. Meanwhile, Culliford, the full-blooded pirate, walks
free from Newgate, his treasure still intact. Here, at long last, is a true
pirate to send the kids diving under the covers again.

Kevin Rushby's latest book is Children of Kali . To order The Pirate Hunter for
pounds 15.99 plus p&p call Guardian book service on 0870 066 7979.


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              80 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

A MOSTLY MOTLEY CREW FACES MAYOR;
RE-ELECT: ECCENTRIC FIELD OF 21 LINES UP TO TAKE ON VILLARAIGOSA.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1203 words


Michael Arthur Hirt remembers the morning he spent four years ago waiting for
former President Bill Clinton to get close enough to touch.

The 68-year-old Roman Catholic from South Los Angeles stood amid a sea of
Clinton's adoring fans at a local book signing. When Clinton reached across a
barrier to greet them, Hirt rubbed holy water along the back of Clinton's right
hand and commanded the demons out of the 42nd president's body:

"Jesus Christ, God the son, true God and true man, commands you demons of
heresy, false worship, pornography, sodomy, embryonic stem-cell research,
abortion ... adultery, treason and sedition that possess Clinton to be found!"

And that's why Hirt, one of 21 mayoral hopefuls who aim to unseat Los Angeles
Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, listed his occupation as "Exorcist of Presidents"
and says his first campaign promise is to drive the demons out of the City of
Angels. Literally.

While Villaraigosa - almost guaranteed re-election in March - can tout a bigger
police force, progress against gangs and a bold green jobs initiative during
campaign season, some of the 21 who intend to run against him boast a few
accomplishments of their own.

Dark horses

Those who are unhappy with Villaraigosa and have taken the initial step toward
mayordom range from meatpackers to comedians to lawyers to religious leaders.

Craig X. Rubin, a pastor for the marijuana-centric Temple 420, has written a
religious book - "Jesus Smokes Weed" - and consulted with writers for the hit
Showtime series "Weeds." He even appeared in an episode, kissing leading lady
Mary Louise-Parker.

As mayor, the Mission Hills man wants to boot 18-wheelers off city streets
during rush hour, attract "smart car" auto makers to L.A. and begin growing more
food locally.

Competitor David "Zuma Dogg" Saltsburg, a white, Snoop Dogg-inspired comedian
who stars in his own public-access channel show and lives out of his car,
decided to run after his regular visits to Los Angeles City Council stirred his
passion. He shows up clad in baggy clothes, a black beanie and dark shades to
loudly chastise council members and city departments for "shadiness," unfairness
and inefficiency.

A Zuma Dogg administration would make schools and population density top
priorities, and would work to avert what he says is an impending water crisis.

Many of these unlikely political aspirants, while acknowledging their slim
chances, get giddy at the thought of snatching a combined majority of the votes
from Villaraigosa's fingers and battling the sitting mayor in a runoff.

But before their names actually make it to the March ballot, each must collect
at least 1,000 signatures from registered Los Angeles voters or at least 500
signatures and a $300 filing fee by Dec. 3.

That's a daunting feat for most of them.

Villaraigosa's more conventional challengers, who have garnered money and
backing among Angelenos, were less amused at the prospect of outlandish
competition.

Business trial lawyer Walter Moore has built up a sizable following and a pool
of campaign funds second only to Villaraigosa's at more than $162,000 as of last
month. At the same time, the incumbent mayor had amassed more than $2.3 million
and all but two of the other candidates hadn't raised a penny.

Among other plans, Moore has most famously promised a repeal of the
controversial Special Order 40, which restricts LAPD officers from asking
suspects and witnesses about their citizenship status and, opponents argue,
makes L.A. a "sanctuary city" for illegal immigrants. He said many of the other
candidates might be a distraction.

"There are people (running) who should be wearing foil hats, and probably are,"
Moore said.

He lamented that most mainstream media ignore him and implored voters not to
"lump me together with some guy who thinks he's an exorcist or some homeless guy
who wears a ski cap and sunglasses. We are not in the same league."

Possible contender Bruce Darian, a 50-year-old Chatsworth contractor, branded
himself a "whistle-blower" - which will appear as his occupation if he makes it
onto the ballot as he did in 2005 - in the aftermath of the struggle over what
he says amounted to bilking taxpayers.

He wants the city to begin suing many of its contractors for such fraud, which
would provide another source of income.

As for the strangest candidates, Darian said he sees them as amusing indications
of discontent with a mayor who has been simply using his position to "catapult"
to higher office.

"We can chuckle and laugh and make jokes behind the scenes," he said, "but we
can't let that taint the process."

On Friday, Villaraigosa touted his achievements as mayor to reporters, who asked
him what he thought about his March challengers.

"No one of any significance? ... I won't say that," he said. "It looks like
things will be good for me this election."

Dark horses

Embracing eccentricity

But in a state where an Austrian weightlifter-turned-action star has become the
governor, the rules seem to be a bit different. California has a long history of
embracing the bizarre.

The phenomenon was perhaps best illustrated in the 2003 gubernatorial recall
election.

Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger beat out 134 other candidates who qualified for the
ballot, including actor Gary Coleman, porn star Mary "Mary Carey" Cook,
inexplicable billboard model Angelyne, sumo wrestler Kurt E. "Tachikaze"
Rightmyer and Hustler publisher Larry Flynt.

"There are always odd candidates that run, regardless of where you are, but
California wonderfully has a greater tolerance for eccentrics than a lot of
places," said Tim Hodson, director of the Center for California Studies at
Sacramento State University.

Hodson related the story of an odd San Francisco character in the 1870s who
called himself Emperor Norton I: This "Emperor of California" made a fortune,
lost it and went mad. He wandered the streets and handed down edicts to the
citizens of San Francisco, who, instead of locking him up, would indulge him and
call him "your majesty."

This embracing of eccentricity and diversity, Hodson said, is part of what makes
California unique and great.

"The 2003 recall was clearly an opportunity for people to try to resurrect their
careers, like Gary Coleman and the porn star, but there were also lots of
ordinary Californians who said, 'Why not?"' he said. "What's wrong with a
democratic system that makes it so easy to run for office that anybody can?"

Whether anybody could actually win, however, is another story.

Demons in Los Angeles

Hirt, the Exorcist of Presidents, believes running for office is his God-given
task. He would use exorcism to root out dishonesty and inefficiency among, in
his words, the city's demon-possessed employees.

He would get Catholics across Los Angeles to battle demons with him during
weekly radio addresses - sort of like Franklin D. Roosevelt's famed Fireside
Chats but with exorcism.

Hirt described how demons infect powerful politicians and lead them into
scandal, like the one Villaraigosa himself fell into last year.

"I'm so used to having these politicians, at whatever level, you know, treat
exorcism with contempt," Hirt said. "However, they do so at their own peril, as
many of them have found out."

brandon.lowrey@dailynews.com

818-713-3699

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   BUCK TAPES

                          C/O Ben-La 36-1 Revere Road
                             Drexel Hill,  PA 19026
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.bucktapes.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Buck Tapes would like to welcome you to our experience.  The Buck Tapes group
is a collaboration of five University of Pennsylvania graduates of varying
experiences who have a common interest in the promotion of hip-hop.  We are
Clayton "CPP" Wynter (aka DJ Clay Nice) from Queens, NY; Benjamin "Ben-La"
Morton (aka DJ Ben-La) from Brooklyn, NY; Christian "Bigg-Dawg" Friend from "the
Neck", Teaneck, NJ; Reginald "Crazy Reg" Warner out of Orangeburg, South
Carolina; and Earl Kenyatta "Ken-Do" Grant-Lawrence (aka DJ Kendo) out of
Boston, MA. The name "Buck" originates from Buckingham Place, the name of the
street that we lived on in West Philly from 1995-1997 while we were at Penn. On
any given weekend, you could party at one of the infamous Buck "Dollar Jams", or
join an intense cypher with players from the underground scene in Philly and
abroad.  Buck Compilation #9 is a window into this world, and you can get it for
free by clicking here, compliments of Buck Tapes. Simply, we are tired of
watching the creative aspects of hip-hop being lost in the shadiness of the
business.  Our continuing goal is to offer a venue where artists can push their
own material and can get their sound heard as much as possible without having to
necessarily conform to the industry standard of the day.  Our philosophy is if
the people feel it, it should be bought, promoted, and distributed, regardless.
That we are not all from the same cities helps promote diversity on the site so
that the phat produc

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              82 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday

OUR VIEW: CITY CAMPAIGN BEGINS UNDER FRESH SCRUTINY

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 594 words


The race is on: Candidates for mayor and City Council, nearly all of them
serious aspirants to guide Santa Fe through the next four years, have filed
their nominating petitions. The signatures on them are evidence of support from
at least a few hundred of their fellow citizens. Some might yet drop out, but
our city seems to be in for a six-person mayoral race, and contests for four
council seats.

Now the question is, who's giving them the monetary support it takes to buy
campaign signs and advertisements to put their names before the voters between
now and the March 7 municipal elections?

That's vastly more important to voters than the platitudes we're going to be
hearing at public forums and during door-to-door visits from candidates and
their promoters.

"People, not politics," will be the pitch from most of them. And we'll be
reminded of how much the candidates want to "give back" to the community that
has done so much for them.

On rare occasions, such sloganeering contains an ounce of truth -- but it
shouldn't be lost on voters that there's prestige and power at stake in the
election. Few are in it for the salary -- actually more of an honorarium: The
mayor and councilors' top pay is $24,000 a year.

For those perks, the election winners face week after week of homework:
Phonebook-thick briefing papers on proposed ordinances and resolutions, land-use
appeals and countless lines of budget items. Then they're tested: Wednesdays in,
Wednesdays out, in front of many well-informed fellow Santa Feans as they work
through often-demanding agendas. Add to that the committee meetings that precede
full-council action, and you wonder why anyone of sound mind would seek office
in a city offering so many more enjoyable things to do.

Yet whether it's the cachet of being mayor of such a lovely city or just
generosity of spirit, candidates come forth. Many of them attract support --
from folks sincerely interested in good government, and from those who hope to
gain undue influence over the decisionmaking process.

In the wake of campaign-contribution shadiness during the 2004 election, the
City Council revised its campaign rules, and created a campaign-reform
commission to make sure they're followed.

In August, the commission proposed earlier reporting of contributions --
including updates on the Friday and the Monday before the Tuesday election -- as
well as disclosure of contributors' businesses or occupations. And while early
voters might still be in the dark as to whose candidate they're voting for,
those who turn out on election day will have the chance to see who's beholden to
whom in the Saturday and Tuesday New Mexican.

The council, meanwhile, created an Ethics and Campaign Review Board, the nine
members of which are appointed by the mayor and each councilor. That group
should be helpful in heading off at least some of the last-minute mischief
marring some of our elections.

Yet the board must also be careful not to tread of the constitutional right of
Americans to back the political horse of their choosing. But with kid-gloves
treatment of campaigns come ample opportunities for dishonest campaigning.

The key is transparency: Let the voters know who the likely lobbying powers are
behind the candidates, and choose accordingly.

Some candidates come to office in a state of grace, unbesmirched by promises in
exchange for campaign support; others, to put it mildly, don't. So we salute the
City Council for its efforts at an open election, while guessing that the
rapidly warming campaign will provide reasons for further reform.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              83 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 31, 1990, Thursday, City Edition

Be careful when booking a "special' travel deal

BYLINE: JUDY GARNATZ

SECTION: CITY TIMES; ACTION; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 881 words



I, along with six other residents of Holiday Shores Park, went on a cruise in
February aboard the Cunard Countess. It was to have been an air-sea cruise, but
when the time came for us to receive our airline tickets, we were told we would
have to buy our own. We did that rather than forfeit our cruise because they
said we would not get our money refunded.

       Our bookings were handled by what I guess can be called a free-lance
travel agent, Norman Azoon, a local acquaintance of one of our cruise members,
who seemed to have some dealings with a Thomas Brown of Continental Telephone of
New York. Our money was forwarded to Mr. Azoon.

       First we received a photostat copy of our confirmation from Cunard via
Mr. Azoon, which said we would enjoy "C" grade accommodations. Mr. Azoon assured
us that meant we would have superior class cabins. What we got were inside
cabins on the second from the lowest deck. Later we learned that the "H" grade
accommodations on our confirmations had been altered by someone to a "C."

       Mr. Azoon also assured us when our cruise tickets arrived without any
airline tickets, one week before departure, that the latter would arrive by mid
week. We realized when they had not come by Wednesday that we had no time to
cancel the entire cruise, and in order to meet our ship in San Juan we bought
additional air fare at a cost of $ 925 per couple.

       The tickets show that we were given a $ 600 credit for air fare, but we
never received that amount and feel we should be recompensed for the full amount
of $ 925.

       Any help you can give us will be appreciated.
 Helen Grills


      Response: Azoon called us to say that he is not in business anymore and
that Brown of Continental Telephone has been fired because of something shady
that went on in the procurement of your tickets (just exactly what that
shadiness involved, Azoon said he didn't know).

       Azoon said he sent ALL your money to Brown, that your price for the
tickets was far below their value and represented a discounted amount that did
not include air fare. The $ 600 credit for air fare already had been figured
into the price of your tickets.

       Azoon also said that you people are trying to get money back for
something you already received credit for, and, what's more, he is upset with
you for contacting Action about it. In short, don't expect him to do you any
more favors.

       It sounds like you and your friends did not thoroughly check the terms of
your contracts because you felt you were dealing with the friend of a friend who
knew someone who could give you a good deal.

       Such a deal you got

       Next time you need a travel agent, take some precautions:

       Call (800) 327-3382 to learn whether a particular travel company or agent
has registered with the state of Florida and posted the required performance
bond.

       The state Legislature enacted this requirement two years ago after
learning that Florida travelers lost about $ 10-million in 1987 to travel
agencies and tour operators either through fraud or incompetence.

       Check your travel agent's business card to see if he or she is a member
of the American Society of Travel Agents (ASTA) or the International Airlines
Travel Agent Network (IATAN). These organizations serve as watch dogs of the
industry and will give you some assurance that your travel agent is legitimate.

       Write to ASTA's Consumer Affairs Department, P.O. Box 23992, Washington,
D.C. 20026 to inquire about the status of a travel agent or to make a complaint
about anyone in the travel business.

       Ask friends who are experienced travelers (and have interests and incomes
similar to yours) to recommend a travel agency. Ask them about the agency's
track record (both the length and breadth of it), how well their trips matched
expectations and how their complaints were handled.

       Ask your travel agent lots of questions, get the answers in writing and
know exactly what your money is buying. In other words, don't get "taken" on any
$ 99 trips to Hawaii. If it sounds too good to be true it will be.


   Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or
your own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write: Times
Action, c/o the City Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg 33731, or call your
Action number, 893-8171, to leave a recorded request for Action. Calls will be
accepted anytime except between 9:30 and 11:30 a.m., Monday through Friday,
while messages are being transcribed.

    Requests will be accepted only by mail or on our recorder; calls cannot be
returned. We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send only
photocopies. If your complaint concerns merchandise ordered by mail, we need
copies of both sides of your canceled check.

    We may require additional information or prefer to reply by mail; therefore,
readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code. Upon request,
names will not be published.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              84 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

A less-menacing `True West';
S.J. STAGE COMPANY PRODUCTION MOVES IN FITS AND STARTS

BYLINE: Karen D'Souza, Mercury News

SECTION: AE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 546 words


Lee's idea of a homecoming is sneaking through the kitchen window, preferably
toting a hot TV. A Hallmark moment it's not.

A two-bit hood who drifts across America breaking and entering whenever he sees
a house with big electronics and small dogs, he's one-half of the sibling duo
that goes head-to-head in ``True West,'' at the San Jose Stage Company through
April 30.

Sam Shepard's blistering indictment of the American family feels as savagely
dark here as it did when it made its debut in 1980 at San Francisco's Magic
Theatre. Even though Lee (Randall King) and his obsequious screenwriting brother
Austin (Rod Gnapp) have Wonder bread in the fridge and citrus trees beckoning in
the back yard, such suburban trappings don't make them the Brady Bunch.

But this revival lacks the hell-for-leather edge that should mark this modern
classic, a bullet of menace, myth and machismo. This play should lodge into our
collective imagination and leave us reeling from the impact. Instead, James
Reese's staging moves in fits and spurts and misses the palpable sense of fear
that should pour out of Austin as soon as he lays eyes on Lee coming through
that window.

Still, Reese has captured the vicious closing scenes in cringe-worthy detail,
and John Harrison York's set fills the eye with the golden emptiness of the
Western tableau. This is the West as a once-proud territory, a wild terrain of
howling coyotes, sunburned hillsides and magenta sunsets (the sensitive lighting
design is by Michael Walsh), now paved over in strip malls and freeways.

Only the brutality remains the same, the shark-tank mentality that fuels Los
Angeles and its environs. In this environment, Lee feels right at home, just
another hustler on shakedown street.

Austin has been paying his dues, kissing up to the right smarmy honchos,
sweating his way to the day when he can get his movie made, and Gnapp aptly
conveys the character's nervousness about his career along with his sense of
smug superiority over his crooked brother.

But he doesn't mine the propulsive sense of terror that Austin should be unable
to shake. Lee is his brother, sure, but these two are locked in a dance macabre,
and any false move could bring a golf club blow to the skull.

King radiates shadiness and orneriness as Lee but lacks the volcanic temperament
of a personality always about to erupt. Austin shouldn't be the only one who
winces when Lee looks sideways, but there's just not enough danger in the air
here. The pauses should, but don't, ring out with foreboding.

Gnapp and King don't find enough shades in Austin and Lee. They never seem like
two sides of the same tormented soul, as the text suggests. But they definitely
get their hands dirty, tearing into the heart-pounding acts of violence that cap
this tale of anti-heroes haunted by the Old West.

`True West'

by Sam Shepard

The upshot: A revival of the modern classic that lacks suspense but gets its
hands dirty in some serious mano a manoclashes.

Where: San Jose Stage Company, 490 S. First St., San Jose

When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, 2 p.m.
Sundays

Through: April 30

Running time: 2 hours with one intermission

Tickets: $20-$45; (408) 283-7142, www.sjstage.com

Contact Karen D'Souza at kdsouza@mercurynews.com or (408) 271-3772.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 11, 2006 Tuesday

A less-menacing `True West';
S.J. STAGE COMPANY PRODUCTION MOVES IN FITS AND STARTS

BYLINE: Karen D'Souza, Mercury News

LENGTH: 546 words


Lee's idea of a homecoming is sneaking through the kitchen window, preferably
toting a hot TV. A Hallmark moment it's not.

A two-bit hood who drifts across America breaking and entering whenever he sees
a house with big electronics and small dogs, he's one-half of the sibling duo
that goes head-to-head in ``True West,'' at the San Jose Stage Company through
April 30.

Sam Shepard's blistering indictment of the American family feels as savagely
dark here as it did when it made its debut in 1980 at San Francisco's Magic
Theatre. Even though Lee (Randall King) and his obsequious screenwriting brother
Austin (Rod Gnapp) have Wonder bread in the fridge and citrus trees beckoning in
the back yard, such suburban trappings don't make them the Brady Bunch.

But this revival lacks the hell-for-leather edge that should mark this modern
classic, a bullet of menace, myth and machismo. This play should lodge into our
collective imagination and leave us reeling from the impact. Instead, James
Reese's staging moves in fits and spurts and misses the palpable sense of fear
that should pour out of Austin as soon as he lays eyes on Lee coming through
that window.

Still, Reese has captured the vicious closing scenes in cringe-worthy detail,
and John Harrison York's set fills the eye with the golden emptiness of the
Western tableau. This is the West as a once-proud territory, a wild terrain of
howling coyotes, sunburned hillsides and magenta sunsets (the sensitive lighting
design is by Michael Walsh), now paved over in strip malls and freeways.

Only the brutality remains the same, the shark-tank mentality that fuels Los
Angeles and its environs. In this environment, Lee feels right at home, just
another hustler on shakedown street.

Austin has been paying his dues, kissing up to the right smarmy honchos,
sweating his way to the day when he can get his movie made, and Gnapp aptly
conveys the character's nervousness about his career along with his sense of
smug superiority over his crooked brother.

But he doesn't mine the propulsive sense of terror that Austin should be unable
to shake. Lee is his brother, sure, but these two are locked in a dance macabre,
and any false move could bring a golf club blow to the skull.

King radiates shadiness and orneriness as Lee but lacks the volcanic temperament
of a personality always about to erupt. Austin shouldn't be the only one who
winces when Lee looks sideways, but there's just not enough danger in the air
here. The pauses should, but don't, ring out with foreboding.

Gnapp and King don't find enough shades in Austin and Lee. They never seem like
two sides of the same tormented soul, as the text suggests. But they definitely
get their hands dirty, tearing into the heart-pounding acts of violence that cap
this tale of anti-heroes haunted by the Old West.

`True West'

by Sam Shepard

The upshot: A revival of the modern classic that lacks suspense but gets its
hands dirty in some serious mano a manoclashes.

Where: San Jose Stage Company, 490 S. First St., San Jose

When: 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays, 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, 2 p.m.
Sundays

Through: April 30

Running time: 2 hours with one intermission

Tickets: $20-$45; (408) 283-7142, www.sjstage.com

Contact Karen D'Souza at kdsouza@mercurynews.com or (408) 271-3772.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Doses of Perspective

BYLINE: By LYNN ZINSER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; LEADING OFF; Pg.

LENGTH: 469 words


It is one of those days when perspective seems ready to run off the rails, as
helpless as the poor guy going 65 miles per hour on the New Jersey Turnpike on a
day when the 90 m.p.h. pack is in a particularly foul mood. Yes, actual humans
were professing to feel badly that the poor, disrespected Masters would be
sullied by Tiger Woods's return. The whining about N.C.A.A. seeds and matchups
was almost deafening.

But someone hit a ''pause'' button when George Karl walked courtside to coach
the Denver Nuggets on Tuesday night, his voice hushed by his latest round of
treatments for throat cancer and everyone watching forced to contemplate things
much deeper than Kansas's chances to get out of the Midwest Region. ESPN.com's
Rick Reilly helps with that perspective thing, spending a day with Karl to
demystify cancer treatment with a tough look at what he's going through.

If you look hard enough, there's a lot of perspective going around, from the
plight of the Vermont junior Evan Fjeld, playing stoically while losing his
mother to breast cancer this season, to North Carolina's Jessica Breland's
attempt to bounce back from Hodgkin's disease. Then there's the 19-year-old Red
Sox prospect Ryan Westmoreland, who underwent brain surgery Wednesday.

The games do go on -- yes, even the Masters -- and while you were mesmerized
with your brackets, the N.C.A.A. tournament started without you, with
Arkansas-Pine Bluff winning that idea clearly formulated by a committee: the
play-in game. But yes, you still have time to fill in all those pesky little
lines, and Joe Posnanski of SI.com will help you do it in 64 seconds or less and
Bill Trocchi of SI.com and Mike Huguenin of Yahoo.com help you diagnose those
upset possibilities. USA Today furthers the idea, why not Richmond, again?

Of course, if you want a dose of a different kind of perspective -- the kind
that reminds you college basketball is really a gigantic business and possibly
corrupt enough to make Rod Blagojevich proud -- Forbes.com will help you with
the big business part with its ranking of college basketball teams by financial
power and Slate.com's Charles P. Pierce will help you with the shadiness part by
discussing the career of Kentucky Coach John Calipari. That might prompt your
attention to the smaller bucks and lower-profile corruption of the women's
tournament, which has a few of its own story lines to watch.

And if you can stand to absorb another few words about Woods's return to golf,
Joe Posnanski explains on golf.com why the Masters was his perfect landing spot,
while others like Jay Busbee of Yahoo.com's Devil Ball Golf blog bemoan it as
another sign of Woods's supreme self-absorption.

Perhaps he should spend a day with Karl. In our own way, we all should.

Follow Leading Off on Twitter: twitter.com/zinsernyt

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              87 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Telegram (Massachusetts)

                             April 17, 2016 Sunday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Schooled in own game

SECTION: OPINION; 6

LENGTH: 599 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a businessperson would be foolish not to use it to his
advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system-rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness -- of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place for the possibility of a
freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is that Cruz may already have effectively blocked Trump from the
nomination should Trump prove unable to secure a majority of delegates on the
first ballot.

Cruz is taking advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as
adeptly, and just as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's
peculiar, convoluted bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, Trump has gone
apoplectic.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation:

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign -- his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy -- is bunk.

Trump boasts that his greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo
he'll be effective at being "greedy for the United States." But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign, the chances that he'll be able to
seamlessly convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Don't let Udall scandal slide

BYLINE: Mike Rosen

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 654 words


The political damage of Obamacare continues to mount, with a spreading scandal
now enveloping Democratic Sen. Mark Udall.

It appears that Udall staffers attempted to bully Jo Donlin, the director of
external affairs for the Colorado Insurance Division, after her office reported
that health insurance policies of 250,000 Coloradans had been canceled because
of coverage mandates under the Affordable Care Act.

In an exchange of e mails and phone calls, Udall staffers demanded that Donlin
retract that number. She defended the report and held her ground. In an e mail
to colleagues, she said, "Sen. Udall says our numbers are wrong. They are not
wrong. Cancellation notices affected 249,199 people. They want to trash our
numbers."

After Udall's people persisted, Donlin reported, "Following my e mail, I
received a very hostile call from Sen. Udall's deputy chief of staff."

Her use of the word "hostile" is especially significant. Donlin's boss is
Colorado Insurance Commissioner Marguerite Salazar, a political appointee. She
was previously an Obama administration appointee as regional director of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, in which capacity she was
primarily responsible for implementing Obamacare in the six state Rocky Mountain
region.

Apparently protecting Udall, Salazar blocked Donlin from press interviews about
this affair, claiming, "I can speak for Jo that she did not feel intimidated."
Feel? Let's say Donlin is a tough cookie who can to stand up to political
pressure. Good for her. But this isn't about "feelings." This is about Udall
staffers' intent to intimidate her into downplaying the Obamacare driven
insurance cancellations.

Compounding all this is the attempted cover up in a sham internal investigation
by a so called "neutral and objective" secret panel led by Barbara Kelley (a
Gov. Bill Ritter appointee, carried over by Gov. John Hickenlooper), the
executive director of the Colorado Department of Regulatory Agencies (DORA).

The panel said it found no evidence of intimidation and "zero coercion by Sen.
Udall and/or his staff." The three person panel conveniently consisted of
Kelley, her deputy, Michelle Pedersen, and DORA's legislative liaison, John
Cevette, former chief of staff to Democratic Senate President Brandon Shaffer.
"Neutral and objective," huh?

Adding to the shadiness was Kelley's initial refusal to identify the panel
members, which was disclosed only after news outlets filed an open records
request. Kelley also refused to release written records of the panel's
investigation, claiming there weren't any. There's now a call for an
investigation of the investigation.

Udall has been an enthusiastic supporter and defender of Obamacare, and
repeatedly echoed Obama's false promise that, "If you like your current health
insurance plan, you can keep it." Since he's now politically married to it, you
can understand why he'd want to quash reports of massive health insurance
cancellations for his Colorado constituents.

According to Democratic consultant Laura Chapin, "Thanks to Sen. Udall, most
people could renew their policies or get a better deal thanks to the Affordable
Care Act." That's a lot of thanks. Her definition of a "better deal,"
apparently, is a big price increase for consumers for coverage they don't want
or need to subsidize others.

In his one term in the U.S. Senate, Mark Udall has had a very low profile and
been largely invisible on any significant initiatives. Congressional Quarterly
reports Udall has cast his vote 99 percent of the time in line with President
Obama. This is hardly the pattern of a moderate or an independent thinker.

With Obama's approval record dropping to new low of 36 percent in Colorado,
November voters may hold Udall accountable for his role in the failures of Team
Obama as well as the unethical behavior of his staff.

Freelance columnist Mike Rosen's radio show airs weekdays from 1 to 3 p.m. on
850 KOA.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Republicans say Sen. Mark Udall, D-Colo., tried to put pressure on
state health officials to change the number of people who had their health
insurance policies canceled. (Susan Walsh, AP file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                           September 28 1986, Sunday

Books: Lies, secrets and full-blooded family life / Review of 'Gabriel's Lament'
by Paul Bailey

BYLINE: PATRICIA CRAIG

SECTION: Issue 8460.

LENGTH: 737 words


GABRIEL'S LAMENT by Paul Bailey Cape pounds 9.95 pp331

GOING to pieces and putting yourself together again - that's the theme of Paul
Bailey's impressive new novel. 'You must repair yourself', says the narrator's
Swedenborgian aunt, long before her nephew comes to grief - his phrase - in
Sorg, Minnesota. Opening a Pandora's box, a bequest from his father, gives
Gabriel Harvey a new perspective on the damage done to him at 12, in Clapham
Common, when his mother upped and left, on an ordinary February day of 1950,
with never a word of explanation. After the painful revelations comes the
threnody - 'Gabriel's lament'.


Blenheim is the name of the house abandoned so abruptly by Amy Harvey, and, in
1950, it's a new possession of her husband Oswald, whom a legacy from an old
employer has suddenly and disastrously enriched. Ancient Oswald, an ex-road
sweeper and raconteur, goes in with gusto for the mannerisms of a
property-owner, dismaying his wife and son in the process. Gabriel, his mother's
angel, becomes bereft, losing first the family cat and then his mother Amy;
other losses, coming hard on the heels of these, include control over his
bladder and the will to do well at school. 'Piss-a-bed', his father christens
him.

Gabriel, for ever the ally of his missing mother, cannot wait to separate
himself from Oswald and his emphatic exhortations: at 17, he exchanges the
absurd Clapham mansion for an attic in Clerkenwell and a job in a sorting
office. Clerkenwell, Hackney, Parsons Green, Chiswick: these mark stages in
Gabriel's progress towards self-knowledge and prosperity, both circuitously
attained. A chunk of his life is passed at the Jerusalem, the home for old women
created by Paul Bailey in his first novel, At The Jerusalem, where he works
unresentfully as a cleaner and odd-job man. The place suits him, because it puts
him in touch (he feels) with the histories of ordinary lives; when it comes to
history, it's the view from the laystall that appeals to Gabriel, not the
grandiose vistas paraded in schoolrooms. Obscure lives, with a bit of dash and
drama, or a shadiness about them: a few of these are uncovered by Gabriel
himself in the course of writing a book about religious fanatics, visionaries
and charlatans, ironically entitled Lords of Light - and one of them makes him
rich when it's used as the basis for a Hollywood film. The life in question is
distorted, of course, in the hands of the scriptwriters: prettified and
petrified, to accord with commercial requirements.

Such exercises in distortion are repudiated by Gabriel who sets himself up as a
rigorous truth-teller in opposition to his father Oswald - the covert hero of
the novel, and a practised dissembler. Engaging Gabriel, a toned-down character,
is drawn to the company of talkers, those - like his opinionated parent - with
the strongest possible sense of their own identities: Mr Nazareth, the Goan
atheist and would-be millionaire; the Russian countess inhabiting a poky room;
the drunken ex-barrister on his park bench.

It's a decorative undertaking, Gabriel's Lament, and it contains quite a few
embellishments and motifs, some of which are co-opted as talismans for Gabriel:
a portrait of George Fox, the original Quaker, which accompanies him from
lodging to lodging; Moby-Dick, with its fearsome 'archangel Gabriel'; one of the
Neskyeuna Shakers; a blue Moygashel dress. Mourning for his mother has impelled
Paul Bailey's narrator towards a mild indulgence in coprophilia and
transvestism.

A refusal to follow in the footsteps of his full-blooded old father: this is a
factor in Gabriel's protracted asexuality. When Oswald gleefully envisages
copious 'rogering' (his term) on the part of his son, he's sadly out of touch
with the true state of affairs. 'An old queen and a middle-aged virgin', says
Gabriel's half-brother, late in the novel, ' - we're not cast in the Oswald
Harvey mould, are we? Our father's sons. '

They are, however, their father's sons, and lumbered with him and his excesses,
willy nilly. Family relations, lies and secrets are at the centre of the novel,
for all its surface exuberance and its dwelling on a peculiar and distinctive
London, richly imagined. And Paul Bailey brings considerable energy and
virtuosity to his depiction of the state of being kept in the dark.

Patricia Craig is working on a study of Northern Irish fiction and poetry

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              90 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

ALSO SHOWING

BYLINE: Jane Edwardes, Patricia Nicol ; Maxie Szalwinska

SECTION: CULTURE;FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 663 words


¦ Annie Get Your Gun Manchester Opera House, then touring until Oct 4 ???? ....

A minor-key version of There's No Business Like Show Business builds as the
sharpshooters and dancing girls of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show take to the
stage. This feels like a delightfully old-fashioned piece, of the same vintage
as the older matineegoers who packed out the performance I saw. In fact, the
book presented is Peter Stone's 1999 Broadway revision that sought to make
Irving Berlin's hit palatable for audiences who would balk at the casual sexism
and "Red Indian jokes" of the 1946 original. There is still some of the latter,
but with the silly action swept along by some of musical theatre's most glorious
songs, they get away with it - just. In Ian Talbot's production, Emma Williams
makes a wonderfully sparky Annie Oakley, her voice recapturing the earthy twang
of the show's original star, Ethel Merman, and soaring sweetly on the high
notes. Opposite her, Jason Donovan conveys the ennui of the touring showman
Frank Butler, but is vocally underpowered. PN ¦ Miss Saigon Prince Edward
Theatre, London W1 ...

Cameron Mackintosh's show is redolent of the 1980s, when big and stonking meant
better in musical theatre. The helicopter still whirs down in Miss Saigon, but
beyond the show-stopping and still-stirring airlift scene, does Alain Boublil
and Claude-Michel Schönberg's work inspired by Madam Butterfly touch down in the
West End as smoothly as it did 25 years ago? Laurence Connor's revival is as
powerfully built as its firm-jawed American Marine hero (Alistair Brammer, all
dim, musclebound sincerity), but it could be more honed. You do wish it would
stop whomping you with samey ballads and putting the emotional squeeze on the
audience quite so strenuously.

Connor creates a luridly lit Saigon nightclub scene, jostling with GIs and
bikinied hookers swivelling on high heels. The evening demands we get worked up
about the Vietnam War and the plight of Kim, a prostitute parted from her GI
lover during the fall of Saigon, yet expects us not to huff and puff about its
lashings of orientalism. Still, the 18-year-old Eva Noblezada is tender, decent
and note-perfect as the doomed Kim. And Jon Jon ietnam War of Kim, a ted from
uring the yet expects and puffings of ll, the Eva and sm.

how That 1980s show Miss Saigon Briones makes an exuberantly scuzzy Engineer. As
the Eurasian bar owner and pimp with shiny lapels, a grimy soul and a hard-on
for the American dream, Briones gives a staging that lets its romantic hero off
the moral hook some satisfying shadiness. MS ¦ Enjoy West Yorkshire Playhouse
??? ...

It's right and propecelebrating the Bennett's 80th season of hi It's right and
proper that Leeds is celebrating the local boy Alan Bennett's 80th birthday with
a season of his plays, beginninfirst seen Bennet noted Beyond flop w opened ¦
Enjoy since, whim sour r and an bizarre beginning with Enjoy, first seen in 1980
when Bennett was more noted for his work on Beyond the Fringe. A flop when it
first opened, the reputation of Enjoy has risen since, but its mix of whimsical
one-liners, sour relationships and an increasingly bizarre plot makes for an
indigestible combination, which isn't always, well, enjoyable. Full marks to
Bennett, however, for anticipating Big Brother. Mam and Dad, one with a
dwindling memory and the other disabled, are visited by a silent, crossdressing
sociologist, who arrives to record the pair going about their traditional ways,
just as they are about to leave their back-toback in Leeds for a spanking
maisonette with a vinyl floor. Tradition even extends to the laying out of Dad,
who appears to be dead, until he shows alarming signs of life. James Brining's
production cleverly adds yet another layer to Bennett's preoccupation with the
heritage industry and reality TV, but this will never be more than an intriguing
oddity. JE Jane Edwardes, Patricia Nicol and Maxie Szalwinska ????? KO ???? A-OK
??? OK ?? So-so ? No-no

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 30, 2014 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

IN THE NOW!

BYLINE: NLVL

SECTION: NOW; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 825 words


MUNCH ADO ABOUT VEGGIES

Hot tomato! Hard, too.

The ripe red pomodori "growing" in prominent view in "Much Ado About Nothing" in
Central Park look good enough to eat. But don't. You're apt to break a tooth.

Ditto the eggplants or basil in a Sicilian garden scene for the Public Theater's
production of Shakespeare's rom-com. "Many vegetables had to be hand-made, and
the tomatoes in particular," says a show spokeswoman. "There is no place that
you can purchase fake tomato plants in the U.S. The only place that rents them
is in Berlin."

Cue props pro R. Jay Duckworth and crew. The team wired and planted while Lily
Rabe and Hamish Linklater rehearsed their roles as the bickering Beatrice and
Benedick.

A garden secret: Carrots are real, but their leafy tops are fake, reveals the
rep. "The carrot wigs give the plants more stage presence."

June 3-July 6. Tickets free on a first-come basis at the Delacorte and the
virtual lottery at publictheater.org. Joe Dziemianowicz

PEDAL PUSHERS

This Brooklyn flea is the wheel deal.

Transportation Alternatives' Tour de Brooklyn means hundreds of cyclists will be
spinning across the borough on Sunday.

Registration for the 20-mile trip is closed, but bike fans are encouraged to
come out. The tour begins and ends at the Red Hook Bike Jumble in Erie Basin
Park (next to Ikea). That's where everyone from experienced cyclists to tots
with training wheels can browse new and used bikes, cycling accessories,
T-shirts and other merchandise from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. as the tour riders come
in.

"We're doing what we always do, which is trying to get good, inexpensive bikes
and bike accessories to the public, and making it easy to get out there and
start riding," says Jumble spokes-man Harry Schwartzman. "Brooklyn in so many
ways has become an epicenter of cycling. So it's great to be able to celebrate
that."

Bikes run from $50 beaters (which have seen better days, but spin just fine), to
historic collectibles for the cycle enthusiast. "It's Internet prices without
Internet shadiness," Schwartzman says. Let the good times roll.

1 Beard St., Brooklyn. See nybikejumble.com. Nicole Lyn Pesce

BROOKLYN'S WIDE FOCUS

With 107 film premieres from 34 countries, the Brooklyn Film Festival is one of
the city's coolest filmgoing destinations.

The 17-year-old fest features edgy narrative flicks, documentaries and a short
film schedule deserving of its Williamsburg locale. Up tonight: "Intimate
Semaphores" - three short stories in one movie - and "I Believe in Unicorns"
(r.), about a teenage girl turned runaway. Documentaries include "Who Took
Johnny," about the first missing child on a milk carton.

There are also animated, experimental and documentary shorts, and the 10th
annual festival "kidsfilmfest" - G-rated entries for young moviegoers, often
followed by Q&As.

Screenings take place at indieScreen (89 Kent Ave.), Windmill Studios (287 Kent
Ave.) The opening-night party begins at both venues Friday at 10. Go to
brooklynfilmfestival.org for showtimes and info. Joe Neumaier

HILTY'S NEW SPOTLIGHT

There's something about a baby bump that makes the jazzy standard "The Best Is
Yet to Come" even riper with meaning. That hits you when Megan Hilty - a
bombshell from the defunct "Smash" and an expectant mom - performs this song in
her show at the Cafe Carlyle.

The set list draws heavily from pop classics, including "Someone to Watch Over
Me" and "Get Happy," and songs the actress originated and covered on "Smash."
Between numbers, Hilty, whose four musicians include guitarist husband Brian
Gallagher, quips that some of her Marilyn Monroe research came from MTV's
"Cribs."

Hilty's take on the Kermit the Frog ditty "Rainbow Connection" is sweet. She
asks an audience member to tape her performance with her iPhone - a gift for her
unborn daughter. Hand on her belly, she says, "We're all here tonight."

Through June 7. Cafe Carlyle, 33 E. 76th St. $50 and up. Reservations at (212)
744-1600. J.D.

MANIACS MANIA

One of the seminal indie bands of the 1980s is back - but there's a catch.

10,000 Maniacs burst onto the scene during the infancy of alternative rock, but
then faded from the spotlight. Lead singer Natalie Merchant went off to pursue
her solo career in the early 1990s.

But the band, retooled and now led by folkie Mary Ramsey, continues to
entertain. There are a mix of old favorites from Merchant, such as the band's
cover of Bruce Springsteen's "Because the Night," and the group's own
chart-topping hits "These Are Days" and "Like the Weather."

Ramsey's version of the band retains the original folkie spirit, but adds plenty
of new material, including songs from the 2013 album "Music From the Motion
Picture."

These Maniacs must be doing something right.

"We have lots of gigs on our calendar for this year," Ramsey says. "It's a
positive indication that people still want to hear our music."

10,000 Maniacs at City Winery, 155 Varick St., (212) 608-0555, Thursday and
Friday, 8 p.m. Tickets, $40-$50. Meg Monk

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Much Ado About Nothing" Red Hook Bike Jumble "I Believe in Unicorns"
Megan Hilty 10,000 Maniacs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                              92 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ALSO SHOWING

BYLINE: Jane Edwardes; Patricia Nicol; Maxie Szlawinska

SECTION: CULTURE;FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 658 words


Annie Get Your Gun Manchester Opera House, then touring until Oct 4

****

A minor-key version of There's No Business Like Show Business builds as the
sharpshooters and dancing girls of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show take to the
stage. This feels like a delightfully old-fashioned piece, of the same vintage
as the older matineegoers who packed out the performance I saw. In fact, the
book presented is Peter Stone's 1999 Broadway revision that sought to make
Irving Berlin's hit palatable for audiences who would balk at the casual sexism
and "Red Indian jokes" of the 1946 original. There is still some of the latter,
but with the silly action swept along by some of musical theatre's most glorious
songs, they get away with it - just. In Ian Talbot's production, Emma Williams
makes a wonderfully sparky Annie Oakley, her voice recapturing the earthy twang
of the show's original star, Ethel Merman, and soaring sweetly on the high
notes. Opposite her, Jason Donovan conveys the ennui of the touring showman
Frank Butler, but is vocally underpowered.

PN

Miss Saigon

Prince Edward Theatre, London W1 ***

Cameron Mackintosh's show is redolent of the 1980s, when big and stonking meant
better in musical theatre. The helicopter still whirs down in Miss Saigon, but
beyond the show-stopping and still-stirring airlift scene, does Alain Boublil
and Claude-Michel Schönberg's work inspired by Madam Butterfly touch down in the
West End as smoothly as it did 25 years ago? Laurence Connor's revival is as
powerfully built as its firm-jawed American Marine hero (Alistair Brammer, all
dim, musclebound sincerity), but it could be more honed. You do wish it would
stop whomping you with samey ballads and putting the emotional squeeze on the
audience quite so strenuously.

Connor creates a luridly lit Saigon nightclub scene, jostling with GIs and
bikinied hookers swivelling on high heels. The evening demands we get worked up
about the Vietnam War and the plight of Kim, a prostitute parted from her GI
lover during the fall of Saigon, yet expects us not to huff and puff about its
lashings of orientalism. Still, the 18-year-old Eva Noblezada is tender, decent
and note-perfect as the doomed Kim. And Jon Jon ietnam War of Kim, a ted from
uring the yet expects and puffings of ll, the Eva and sm.

That 1980s show

Miss Saigon

Briones makes an exuberantly scuzzy Engineer. As the Eurasian bar owner and pimp
with shiny lapels, a grimy soul and a hard-on for the American dream, Briones
gives a staging that lets its romantic hero off the moral hook some satisfying
shadiness. MS

Enjoy

West Yorkshire Playhouse ***

It's right and propecelebrating the Bennett's 80th season of hi It's right and
proper that Leeds is celebrating the local boy Alan Bennett's 80th birthday with
a season of his plays, beginninfirst seen Bennet noted Beyond flop w opened ¦
Enjoy since, whim sour r and an bizarre beginning with Enjoy, first seen in 1980
when Bennett was more noted for his work on Beyond the Fringe. A flop when it
first opened, the reputation of Enjoy has risen since, but its mix of whimsical
one-liners, sour relationships and an increasingly bizarre plot makes for an
indigestible combination, which isn't always, well, enjoyable. Full marks to
Bennett, however, for anticipating Big Brother. Mam and Dad, one with a
dwindling memory and the other disabled, are visited by a silent, crossdressing
sociologist, who arrives to record the pair going about their traditional ways,
just as they are about to leave their back-toback in Leeds for a spanking
maisonette with a vinyl floor. Tradition even extends to the laying out of Dad,
who appears to be dead, until he shows alarming signs of life. James Brining's
production cleverly adds yet another layer to Bennett's preoccupation with the
heritage industry and reality TV, but this will never be more than an intriguing
oddity.

JE

Jane Edwardes, Patricia Nicol and Maxie Szlawinska

*****KO ****A-OK *** OK ** So-so * No-no

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 8, 2004 Thursday

Why we prize the Pulitzers

BYLINE: Deseret Morning News editorial

LENGTH: 397 words


The Pulitzer Prizes were conceived as a way to honor writing deeply embedded in
the American grain. If so, this year's awards show America to be not only the
land of liberty but the land of variety.

The prize for fiction went to a novel about a black slave owner in the South.
The drama award was for a play about a German transvestite during World War II.
A look at Nikita Khrushchev claimed the history prize, and the poetry prize was
given to an overtly Catholic poet for his book of overtly religious verse.

In journalism, the Los Angeles Times won five Pulitzers for a potpourri of
pieces -- writing that ranged from earnest coverage of the California wildfires
to the paper's lighthearted reviews of new automobiles.

With reason, journalist G. Bailey called America "the half-brother of the rest
of the world."

The plus of the Pulitzer Prizes is they bring good work into high relief and
bolster confidence that worthwhile and high-minded writing is being done. For
the truth is, journalism -- like medicine, law, education, business and politics
-- has its share of charlatans, along with a full stable of pretenders, wannabes
and crooks. Needless to say, readers struggle to know which sources to trust. Is
"Internet journalism" more reliable than the supermarket tabloids? Are political
hacks prone to more distortions than newspaper hacks? For truth, is People
Magazine in a league with the Wall Street Journal?

As with cars, cantaloupes or collie dogs, the word to anyone in the market for
news is "Let the buyer beware." It often takes common sense and more to separate
quality sources from the suspect.

In that regard, the Pulitzers serve as a Consumer Reports. When ethical lapses
have surfaced in Pulitzer pieces, they have been dealt with swiftly and harshly.
So far, the prizes have remained above reproach.

More than a major professional award, the Pulitzer is journalism's version of
the Good Housekeeping Seal. It says quality news outlets work to keep shadiness
from clouding American journalism.

Many pieces by this year's award-winning Los Angeles Times writers will likely
appear in the Deseret Morning News in the months to come. We look forward to
running them. We hope you look forward to reading them.

In the face of so much cynicism and confusion in the media today, we -- like the
Pulitzers -- pledge to show readers the high road of journalism at every turn.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              94 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                        July 12, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL

A few of Christina's favourite things

BYLINE: Lynn Saxberg, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: Entertainment; B5 / FRONT

LENGTH: 720 words


Preview

Christina Aguilera performs at the Saddledome Monday, July 16. Tickets are
available at Ticket-Master (777-0000).

Want the dirt on Christina Aguilera? Check out the Rumour Mill section of her
Web site. There, you'll read reports of the pop star's romances with everyone
from Eminem to Prince William.

They're false.

So is talk that she's mean to her fans, suffers from lupus and has a
three-year-old son named Michael (she has a three-year-old brother named
Michael).

And while we're setting the record straight, please note she's naturally blond
(but sometimes uses hair colour), naturally blue-eyed (but wears contacts to
correct her vision), naturally pale-skinned (but sometimes uses a bronzer) and
naturally thin (despite a diet of Chicken McNuggets and pizza).

Apparently, these are things fans want to know. And Aguilera's mother, who helps
run the fan club, wants to make sure the truth is out there.

Aguilera, however, gets a chuckle out of it. ''If anything's negative and
untrue, (the rumours) have to hurt your feelings of course, but some of them
have to make you laugh,'' says the Rolling Stone cover girl over the phone from
a tour stop in Michigan. ''Like the Prince William thing. When I heard that, I
was, like 'No way.' It's hilarious because I've never even met the guy. I'm not
even sure exactly what he looks like.''

Aguilera knows that gossip, some of it vicious, goes with the territory of being
in the public eye. It's a lesson she learned long ago.

''Growing up and being on some level of showbusiness, I always got some
shadiness from other people for no other reason than the fact that you were in
the business and coming from a small town. I grew a tough skin early on.''

Though Aguilera's Canadian dates are part of her first headlining tour, which
brings her to Calgary, she's hardly a novice entertainer. She was a Mouseketeer
at the age of 12 (along with future stars Britney Spears, Keri Russell, and J.C.
and Justin Timberlake of 'N Sync) and vowed to record her own CD before she
graduated high school.

She almost accomplished that goal. Her self-titled debut came out last summer,
rushed into production after the 1998 success of Reflection, the song Aguilera
sang for the soundtrack to the animated Disney movie, Mulan.

The last 12 months have been eventful, to say the least. The blond wisp of a
singer saw the album charge up the charts on the steam of the smash single,
Genie in a Bottle, followed by the major hits What a Girl Wants and I Turn To
You.

She sang for the president on a Christmas at the White House TV special,
performed at Times Square on New Year's Eve, did a duet with Enrique Iglesias
during the Super Bowl half-time show and joined TLC as opening act on some of
their American dates.

To top it off, Aguilera earned two Grammy nominations, taking home the award for
Best New Artist over her old friend (or arch rival, depending on what tabloid
you read) Spears.

But performing, she says, is her ''ultimate high.'' A tour of her very own is a
dream come true.

''Oh my gosh,'' she says. ''I cannot even tell you how amazed I've been over the
last few days, to hear that crowd and what not.

''I remember hearing it for TLC, but you don't know how much of that is for you
and you know the bottom line is that they're there for TLC because it's their
headliner. Having my own headliner and knowing a few people paid their own money
to see me, it's just so amazing to know that I do have that many fans out
there.''

On days off, Aguilera is also working to finish her Christmas album, one of
three recording projects on the go. A Spanish-language record is complete and
due for release this fall, while her second pop album is expected next year.

Born Dec. 18, 1980, Aguilera's singing talent emerged early. She was a toddler
when she first put a towel on the floor, pretended it was a stage and sang into
her mother's baton.

At the age of five, she discovered Julie Andrews and The Sound of Music. ''That
was the first music that was, like, 'Wow!' to me, just because she appeared to
be so free and alive and just singing from her heart. I had that soundtrack and
I would take it up to my bedroom and open the window and sing out and imagine an
audience. That continues to be my all-time favourite movie.''


LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Steve Russell, Canadian Press / Pop music diva
Christina Aguilera hams it up for the cameras during a spring news conference in
Toronto. Aguilera performs at the Saddledome Monday, July 16.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

By singing again, local artist learns to heal

BYLINE: Jeffrey Fox; Correspondent

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 672 words

ABSTRACT

Simone Harris, Chico artist featured this week on Sessions.

FULL TEXT

Simone Harrison has, so far, been the hidden gem to the Chico music scene.

She has been serving drinks behind the counter, watching musical performer after
performer at the Down Lo in downtown Chico. She was working during this year's
Chico Strikes Back, a 16-day nonstop concert held in an attempt to break a world
record.

What most people may not realize is that she started playing piano when she was
4 years old and became interested in opera by age 7.

"My mother took me to see the opera 'The Fabulous Mr. Fox' and it was at that
point that I decided I wanted to be an opera singer," Harrison said.

From 7 years old to 17, Harrison very seriously studied vocal performance and
went to many competitions in the Los Angeles area.

"I sang in the L.A. Opera Children's Choir and even went to boarding school for
opera but it's more than just that I love music and have been collecting blues
and jazz albums my whole life along with Motown and soul, so I feel kind of like
Rain Man with music," she said.

Most of her life Harrison has been playing alongside her father, who was a
guitar teacher while she was growing up in Big Bear, in the mountains east of
Los Angeles.

"The way I learned guitar was my dad would show me how to play a song and then
basically send me on my own to go learn it," she said. "He had these ginormous
hands and I had this little junior Fender and it was hard to figure out what he
was doing with his hands so I would go sit in my room for hours and try to
figure it out."

By her late teens, the conservatories in the Los Angeles area were pursuing
Harrison, but due to financial constraints she was unable to attend. She instead
registered for Long Beach State University to study vocal performance.

"Once I got there, I had this death of ego situation happen because I just
didn't realize how competitive a Los Angeles school would be as far as music and
it really broke my spirit. I went from total support in the music world to
shadiness and competitiveness," she said. "I am not a narcissist and you kind of
had to be in that environment to make it."

Harrison came to Chico about three years ago for a friend's birthday party and
decided to stay.

"Chico is so different and I feel like my artistic spirit is coming back because
musicians here are encouraging me instead of competing with me," she said.
"People constantly encourage me to play my music in public but I still feel like
I'm kind of healing that part of myself."

Harrison explained how she continues to play music at home and how she is
starting to break out of her shell and wants to pursue performing once again.

"I actually love to show off. Performance has always been the great joy in my
life," she said. "My only issue is the preliminary stuff but once I'm doing the
performance it's like the happiest I ever am."

She said the competitiveness of the music scene in Los Angeles crippled her in a
way that gave her anxieties about performing.

"When you are young, it is hard to compartmentalize that scene and the rejection
and pressure of competing musically," Harrison said. "I was a teen surrounded by
20-somethings who were super driven and aggressive."

Her music style is a very pure, old folk-style sound.

"I'm really afraid of sort of being placed in the same area as women who cover
'Tonight You Belong to Me' in this sort of baby-like voice," she said.

Right now, her vocal hero is Joan Baez.

"I would like for my voice to be as pure and my sound to be as pure as hers,"
she said.

Harrison explained how in order for her soul to be nourished and for her to feel
happy and proud of what she is doing, she needs to be involved in music somehow.

"For the first time, in a long time, I am really wanting to play with other
musicians," she said. "I would like to stretch and strengthen that muscle.

"I know I haven't put myself out there and actually pursued getting music going
again but I am always the supporter and cheerleader to local music and am ready
to join in again."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 19, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

For Potential Owner, a Background Check Worthy of the K.G.B.

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR; Andrew E. Kramer contributed reporting from Moscow.

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1259 words


The roster of N.B.A. owners features a United States senator, a shopping-mall
magnate, an Internet entrepreneur, a chemist, a cruise-ship operator and a
founder of Amway.

Will a billionaire Russian oligarch be next?

Mikhail D. Prokhorov would be not only the first Russian oligarch to own a major
American sports team but also the first non-North American to buy a controlling
stake in one since Hiroshi Yamauchi, the president of Nintendo, acquired the
Seattle Mariners in 1992.

Prokhorov reached an agreement last month with the Nets' principal owner, Bruce
C. Ratner, to pay $200 million for 80 percent of the team and 45 percent of the
proposed arena in Brooklyn that is the showpiece of Ratner's  Atlantic Yards
development.

But to complete the deal, Prokhorov will have to win the approval of at least 23
of the N.B.A.'s 30 owners, which may not be easy, even for a tycoon who
capitalized on Russia's shift of state enterprises to private ownership in the
1990s. On Wednesday, he will try to make a positive impression on some of the
owners during a meeting of the league's advisory and finance committee in
Manhattan.

Like any prospective owner, Prokhorov will be investigated by the N.B.A. and a
security firm that specializes in risk management. They will try to ascertain
his net worth, debts, character, associates, personal history and integrity. The
process is designed to rule out inappropriate buyers who  lack  financial clout
or present  public-relations risks to the league.

Commissioner David Stern,  who has led the league's efforts to export its brand
for decades, said, ''We have a very extensive, stringent, some would say,
invasive, but I wouldn't, process for vetting the character and financial
capacity of all owners.'' With Prokhorov, he added, ''We may have to look wider
at our sources, but it's the same route you travel, just a little longer.''

But experts in the oligarchy and corporate risk-management said it would not be
easy because public records from Prokhorov's world are scarce or incomplete,
Russian bank records are difficult to examine, and news media reports are not
always reliable.

Mike Ackerman, a former C.I.A. senior operations officer who is the president of
the Ackerman Group, a security firm, said the league would have to accept a
certain amount of ambiguity in order to approve Prokhorov.

''When we vet Russian joint-venture partners for our clients, I tell them there
is no black and white in Russia, it's all gray,'' he said. ''Information can be
had, but you have to be prepared to accept the grayness.''

Russian oligarchs are an unusual group of capitalists by Western standards.

David E. Hoffman, the author of ''The Oligarchs: Wealth and Power in the New
Russia,'' said that men like Prokhorov emerged from a business climate that had
''no rule of law, a lot of shadiness, a lot of violence and coercion.''

The league's investigation may never yield as complete a picture of Prokhorov as
it would an American buyer. All the same,  N.B.A. owners will have to decide
whether the cash infusion for the Nets is worth taking a risk on a charismatic
billionaire willing to bail out a franchise that has lost nearly $400 million in
five years under Ratner.

The investigation is expected to tap into Russian police, military, diplomatic
and intelligence sources, some from the former K.G.B., as well as his partners,
competitors and customers.

''You need people on the ground to do field work, who can get you the
information about his reputation and associates,'' said Howard Safir, the
chairman of SafirRosetti, an investigations firm owned by the Global Options
Group, and a former New York City police commissioner. ''You have to do the
shoe-leather work.''

Prokhorov is known as much for his wealth as a metals investor as for his image
as a playboy. He was detained by the French police in 2007 on suspicion of
making prostitutes available to his guests at a lavish party in the ski resort
of Courchevel. He was released and never charged. But the incident is believed
to have forced him to sell his 26 percent stake in the Norilsk nickel mine. The
timing of that sale, before the global financial crisis hit with its full force,
elevated Prokhorov to the top of Russia's rich list.

The league is likely to also look at a dispute last year that prompted minority
shareholders in the utilities Prokhorov controls to protest to Russia's
president, Dmitri A. Medvedev, about the buyouts they say he avoided offering
and the political influence he was alleged to have used. It also may examine
Prokhorov's role as the president of the Russian Biathlon Union; during his
tenure, three athletes have tested positive for blood doping.

A league's goal in investigating a prospective owner is to avoid the
embarrassment of approving one whose financing is dubious or whose character is
suspect. In 1997, the N.H.L. approved John Spano as the owner of the Islanders,
but his deceit about his net worth exposed a fraud that earned him a nearly
six-year sentence in federal prison.

Bill Daly, the N.H.L.'s deputy commissioner, said  the screening of buyers was
now ''significantly more difficult to circumvent.''

But, he said, the league does not want its vetting to be so onerous that it
scares off qualified buyers ''who may not want to deal with hassles.''

Leagues do not reject many prospective buyers in a vote by owners. They prefer
to eliminate those who fail to meet their requirements in early stages of
consideration. Last week,  Rush Limbaugh was ousted from a group seeking
ownership of the St. Louis Rams before his name made it to N.F.L. owners.

But not everyone whose bid reaches a vote by a league's owners gets through. The
N.B.A. rejected a group of investors led by the boxing promoter Bob Arum that
sought  the Minnesota Timberwolves in 1994, a decision that led each side to sue
the other.

Last summer, the chairman of the N.H.L.'s board of governors, Jeremy Jacobs,
said James L. Balsillie ''lacked the good character and integrity'' to own the
bankrupt Phoenix Coyotes.

Prokhorov is  immersed in the N.B.A.'s process, which  requires that he file an
application that details his life and finances. He  has to agree to authorize
his banks to verify his net worth. A security firm, which the league declined to
name, will investigate him and produce a report that will go to the league's
lawyers and financial officers and could cost roughly $50,000. A report totaling
several dozen pages will be forwarded to the advisory and finance committee,
which will present its recommendation to all 30 owners.

''It usually takes six weeks to two months, sometimes faster, sometimes
longer,'' said Russ Granik, a former deputy commissioner who is the vice
chairman of Galatioto Sports Partners, an investment bank and equity firm.

Granik said that merely being a foreign oligarch should not disqualify him from
consideration.

Stern cited as a precedent the numerous foreign owners, including a Russian
oligarch, Roman A. Abramovich, and several Americans, now in the English Premier
League. James Fenkner, a director of Red Star Asset Management, a specialist
emerging-market fund that has been investing in Russia since 2005, has been
critical of Prokhorov's business practices but said he thought the N.B.A. would
approve him.

''He's not the worst offender in a system that was set up to benefit a few
insiders,'' he said. ''He's played the system well. He's very charismatic, very
captivating. I'd be surprised if he's seen as anything but a colorful owner.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: To buy the Nets, Mikhail Prokhorov needs approval from N.B.A.
owners. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKHAIL METZEL/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              97 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Robocalls are a 'sandbox' for criminals Scams hard to stop, trace; hanging up is
best option.

BYLINE:  By Jim Gallagher jgallagher@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8390

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 800 words


If you get a robocall from a telemarketer, hang up.

Don't press one - the option that connects you to a live person. You might well
get scammed.

Don't press two - the option that's supposed to take you off their calling list.
You may get more robocalls, not less, if you confirm that a human being answers
your number.

Robocalls, generated by a computer and starting with a recorded message, are a
favorite device of politicians seeking votes; even some police departments use
them to issue neighborhood crime alerts. That's innocent, if annoying.

But advances in technology are turning the robocall telemarketing business into
a fast-growing money-machine for thieves. It is a "criminal sandbox," said Sen.
Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., who held a Senate subcommittee hearing into the
business earlier this month. It is "ridden with fraud," says Lois Greisman, of
the Federal Trade Commission's consumer protection bureau.

People who answered robocalls found their credit cards billed for things they
thought were free. Others found themselves suckered into costly debt-reduction
scams or overpriced, loophole-ridden auto warranties.

Those may be the lucky ones. "Most of these people are not trying to sell you
sprinklers. They are trying to steal your identity. They want your credit card,
bank information, the last four digits of your Social Security number," said Joe
Bindbeutel, chief counsel of the consumer protection division in the Missouri
attorney general's office. They'll drain your bank account and run up your
credit card bill.

That's why smart people hang up.

Robocalls are generated by an auto dialer that can place thousands of calls per
minute. The Federal Communications Commissions has seen robocall complaints
double from 2010 to 2012. The Federal Trade Commission is getting 200,000
robocall complaints per month.

The mere fact that a robocall telemarketer jangles your phone is a sign of
shadiness. Federal regulations prohibit such calls unless the caller has
specifically agreed in advance to receive them - with exceptions for politics,
school-closing messages and other nonsales uses, including debt collection.

That goes beyond existing state and federal laws prohibiting commercial sales
calls to people on do-not-call lists.

Many robocallers ignore all that. "The robocaller guys don't care. They keep
calling and calling," Bindbeutel says.

It's hard to catch them. Even the phone companies don't know who is making them.
The melding of voice-over-Internet with the phone system has made tracing such
calls much harder. Many are overseas, putting them out of Uncle Sam's reach.

They fake, or "spoof," the caller-ID number that shows up on consumers' phones,
often choosing a fake number in the same area code as the consumer.

The FTC has issued $215 million in fines against robocallers. But it's been able
to collect only $15 million, according to McCaskill.

"It seems to me that these guys are not very afraid of you. They're not nervous
at all," McCaskill told federal officials at the hearing.

Robodialing companies sell their services to telemarketers. Google "robocall"
and you'll see ads for several. "Call up to 2,500 a minute," promises a
robodialer named Call-em-all. Telemarketers can choose their own caller-ID, says
the firm. Some robodialers promise to scrub their phone list against the
do-not-call list.

There may be technical solutions to this, but American phone companies are
skeptical.

A Canadian phone company, Primus, uses crowdsourcing to screen out robocallers.
Customers can report getting such calls to Primus. If enough callers report the
same phone number, Primus uses other data to decide if it's a robocaller. It
intercepts such calls and asks the caller to state a name. If the caller states
one, the system passes the name to the customer, who can decide whether to
accept the call.

The Federal Trade Commission this year held a national contest, offering prizes
for methods to screen out robocallers. One of the winners, a New York firm
called Nomorobo, uses "machine learning" to identify robocalls using the
frequency of the calls. It blocks the ones it's sure of, and uses a screening
system like Primus' for the uncertain ones. Schools, police and other legal
callers get on a "white list" of numbers that aren't blocked.

The system works using call-forwarding options offered by phone companies. The
company is a startup, and its system isn't yet available commercially.

American phone companies worry that such systems will block legitimate calls.
There is no "technological silver bullet," said Michael Altschul, general
counsel of the Wireless Association, representing the cellphone industry.

Phone companies fear a technological battle similar to that in computer hacking,
with robocallers inventing ladders faster than the phone companies can build
walls.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Robocalls

GRAPHIC:  Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., held a Senate hearing on robocalls (AP
Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 15, 2016 Friday
                                Regional Edition

Schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 771 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a businessperson would be foolish not use it to his
advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system-rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Post analysis, that Cruz may already have
effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking advantage of
the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just as amorally,
as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted bankruptcy
laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
Lyin' Ted himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 785 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a business- person would be foolish not to use it to
his advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system- rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking
advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just
as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted
bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
"Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 785 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a business- person would be foolish not to use it to
his advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system- rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking
advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just
as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted
bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
"Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 785 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a business- person would be foolish not to use it to
his advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system- rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking
advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just
as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted
bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
"Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 785 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a business- person would be foolish not to use it to
his advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system- rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking
advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just
as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted
bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
"Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                             April 25, 2016 Monday

Trump schooled in his own game

BYLINE: Catherine Rampell

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 785 words


Donald Trump prides himself on being able to bend arcane and unfair systems to
his will.

Well, every system except one.

For years, Trump has been dogged by questions about his companies' several
bankruptcies, which are potential blemishes upon his business career.

In response, Trump has argued that there was nothing illegal, morally wrong or
even shameful about restructuring debts and breaking contracts. On the contrary,
these bankruptcies are a testament to his business acumen.

"I've used the laws of the country to my advantage," he told Forbes.

"I have used the laws of this country just like the greatest people that you
read about every day in business have used the laws of this country, the chapter
laws, to do a great job for my company, for myself, for my employees, for my
family, et cetera," he echoed at the first Republican presidential debate.

And on Twitter, he argued, "Out of hundreds of deals & transactions, I have used
the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. Nothing personal, just
business."

He's exercised similar rhetoric when talking about how he's benefited from
another controversial use of the law: eminent domain.

Governmental seizure of property for private commercial development, he argues,
is not only good for the public and (allegedly) for the people forced out of
their homes. It's also used all the time by other prominent entrepreneurs and
businesspeople, including members of the Bush family. So why not take advantage
of this ripe system for himself?

Likewise, when asked why he's donated money in the past to ideologically
problematic politicians (including Hillary Clinton), he offers the same
rationale: This is how the system works when you're in business. It may not be
fair or transparent, but a business- person would be foolish not to use it to
his advantage.

"Maybe it's a good system and maybe it's not a good system, but it's the system
in which I was under and I thrived," he boasted on "The O'Reilly Factor."

In Trump's world, exploiting the nation's byzantine bankruptcy laws, or its
bizarre eminent domain laws, or its opaque campaign finance rules, or any other
system- rigging tools freely available to entrepreneurial types is proof not of
shadiness but shrewdness - of his unwillingness to play the chump.

Which is why it's so odd when Trump whines about Cruz behaving the exact same
way.

Cruz has been quietly wooing delegates to the upcoming Republican convention, as
well as the local party leaders who help select those delegates. He and his
staff have traveled around California, Colorado, Arkansas, South Carolina and
other states to help put sympathetic delegates in place in preparation for the
possibility of a freewheeling contested election.

The upshot is, according to a Washington Post analysis, that Cruz may already
have effectively blocked Trump from the nomination should Trump prove unable to
secure a majority of delegates on the first ballot.

As my Washington Post colleague Marc Thiessen observed this week, Cruz is taking
advantage of the peculiar, convoluted delegate system just as adeptly, and just
as amorally, as Trump has taken advantage of the nation's peculiar, convoluted
bankruptcy laws.

Trump does not appear to appreciate the parallels. Instead, upon realizing
Cruz's behind-the-scenes efforts, Trump has gone apoplectic.

Having built his campaign on Twitter and free-media coverage, failed to invest
much in a ground game and taken little interest until recently in how the
delegate system works, Trump now indicts both a "totally unfair" system and
"Lyin' Ted" himself.

"It's a rigged, disgusting dirty system," Trump complained of a primary system
whose rules have been available to him for many months.

"He's trying to steal things because that's the way Ted works," Trump carped
about a competitor who is cutting deals that the great dealmaker himself should
envy.

There are two lessons to be gleaned from Trump's selectively righteous
indignation about unfair systems and those who exploit them.

One is that he's a hypocrite. Obvious enough.

The other is that the main premise of his campaign - that his wiliness in the
business world will translate to wiliness in politics and policy - is bunk.

Trump boasts that his whole life he's been "greedy, greedy, greedy," that his
greed has paid off in the private sector, and that ergo he'll be effective at
being "greedy for the United States" in all its affairs. But if he can't even
figure out how to manage a primary campaign - let alone get his own children
registered to vote for him - the chances that he'll be able to seamlessly
convert his monetary greed into political greed look slim.

Catherine Rampell is a columnist for The Washington Post. crampell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                  Edmonton Sun

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Sports Hall worthy?; Pocklington's name continues to circulate

BYLINE: John Short, Edmonton Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S20

LENGTH: 550  words


To this day, mere mention of Peter Pocklington's name is guaranteed to trigger
reaction from Edmonton sports fans.

Especially now that the Oilers franchise that Pocklington owned during the
fabulous Stanley Cup run of the 1980s shows some real sign of - some day -
rediscovering that long-ago magic, and additionally, when the Jan. 31 deadline
for nominations to the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame is so close.

Over coffee on Thursday, the age-old question was asked: Should Pocklington be
in the Hall of Fame as a builder? I spent two difficult years as the Oilers
public relations director - their last year in the World Hockey Association and
first in the NHL - and spent many challenging hours in the role, but I still
have no clear point of view.

Everyone knows about the high profile moves he made to keep the Oilers here when
the old WHA was dying and the big-time hockey future of Alberta was in serious
doubt. Then he jumped in when his friend, Nelson Skalbania, was shopping a young
and skinny Wayne Gretzky to any hockey operator with a pair of nickels to rub
together.

Stretch the point and it's fair to say that Gretzky's presence in the WHA was
the dominant factor in forcing the NHL to allow the Oilers, Winnipeg Jets, New
England Whalers and Quebec Nordiques to pay millions upon millions in 1979 for
the right to enter a recognized and approved den of knaves.

Which also means Pocklington and his small-market team - that's right, little
old Edmonton - were huge influences in changing the face of North American
sports for all time.

Afterward, in quick succession, came major-league soccer and triple-A baseball:
the Drillers of the North American Soccer League in 1979 and the Trappers of the
Pacific Coast League in 1981.

Both were successful for a while.

Ultimately, Pocklington gave up on both organizations.

The same fate happened with the Oilers in 1988, not long after Gretzky's trade
(or $15-million sale) to Bruce McNall of the Los Angeles Kings went through, and
the trade (or up to $5-million sale) of Mark Messier to the New York Rangers was
completed.

Eventually, Pocklington confirmed receiving big money in both deals.

Did undeclared money also change hands when Jari Kurri and Grant Fuhr and Paul
Coffey were moved out? Certainly. Almost from Day 1, the owner maintained that
the time to sell a commodity is when the value is highest.

Some years ago, when the question of Pocklington as justifiable Hall-of-Fame
builder was raised, an Ontario cynic pointed out that former Leafs owner Harold
Ballard was honoured by the NHL although his reputation for shadiness and
double-dealing was (and is) clearly comparable to Pocklington's.

And they are not alone among owners who committed serious transgressions.
McNall, for example, went to jail before Pocklington did, and Skalbania's
history of on-and-off financial deals deserves a study of its own. Ultimately,
here's the question: Did Pocklington's contributions to Edmonton sports, Albert
sports and North American sports outweigh the chicanery? I'm sure he is not on
this year's nomination list. Should he be included in future, or should space be
made instead for Cal Nichols, Ron Hodgson, Gary Gregg and the dozens who rallied
to keep the Oilers here after Pocklington's !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Postmedia File; Peter Pocklington (near left) and Wayne Gretzky soak up
the pageantry and emotion of the Edmonton Oilers' 1984 Stanley Cup win at a
parade in the team's honour. The question remains, should former Oilers owner
Pocklington be inducted into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame as a builder?;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Edmonton Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

OUR VIEW;
HOORAY FOR HOLLYWOOD, BUT SPARE THE SUBSIDIES

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 509 words


Funny; we thought that a majority of the Board of Santa Fe County Commissioners,
if not all five, had an ounce of sense among them. But last week's vote to
guarantee $6.5 million of a film-studio developer's loan from an area bank was
unanimous -- raising serious questions about the entire board's state of mind,
on monetary matters, at least.

Grateful county taxpayers would be liable for that amount if plans for the
studio, to be launched by a $10 million economic-development grant from state
taxpayers and a $10 million loan from Los Alamos National Bank -- 65 percent of
which the commissioners say the county is good for -- fall through.

'Course we're good for more than that: The county sold Santa Fe Studios the land
they'll occupy for $2.6 million -- but no payments are due until the place is
cranking out movies. And the county also threw in $3.6 million worth of
infrastructure and water rights.

So, New Mexicans, especially denizens of Santa Fe County, don your directors'
berets and ascots -- we're in show business!

Unless, perhaps, three courageous Santa Feans prevail with the lawsuit they've
filed to enjoin this venture. County lawyers smugly claim that they've managed
to dodge the state constitution's anti-donation clause by turning their original
intent -- a direct $6 million loan -- into the $6.5 million guarantee. But is
there really a difference?

There's a hearing scheduled for Aug. 23. Surely some judge will detect the
subterfuge, or find merit in several other objections raised by Gregg Bemis, who
free-lances a column to The New Mexican, along with businessman Jack Stamm and
retired banker Jim McCaughey.

If not, well, pray for the success of this venture; otherwise we're stuck with a
white elephant. And with a similar venture in Albuquerque now in bankruptcy
proceedings, is that animal already trumpeting?

Fear not, say the commissioners and staff; if the Duke City enterprise goes
under, that might mean all the more business for us even though studios are
popping up all over the country, including the old Pontiac plant in Detroit --
and besides, allegations of shadiness are already arising in Albuquerque. Our
guys, says County Attorney Stephen Ross, are squeaky clean.

Perhaps so -- or Los Alamos National might not be going $3.5 million out on a
limb. But the very nature of filmdom is as high-risk as it is high-yield, so the
all-Democrat board of commissioners, bending to the behest of former
Commissioner Javier Gonzales, now the party's state chairman and a minority
shareholder in the deal, must recognize the egg-on-face risks of failure -- not
to mention the prospect of their constituents being in the land-development and
studio-leasing business.

As for county arguments about how close we are to Hollywood -- a good 800 miles,
with fewer flights to and from our town -- and how beloved we are among ilustres
in the film industry, don't they make a case for the studios being a private
investment?

Whether lured by desperation to create jobs, or merely blinded by glitter, our
commissioners need reining in.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 05, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

Ex-Governor's Chips Are Down Again; Edwards, a Passionate Gambler, Awaits
Charges in Louisiana Casino Case

Sue Anne Pressley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1169 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 4


Back in 1995, Edwin W. Edwards -- then completing his fourth term as one of the
most colorful governors in a state long defined by its flamboyant politicians --
told reporters he had been offered an important job with the San Francisco
49ers. He had to decline the offer, he said, because he did not want to leave
Louisiana.

There is no doubt that the former governor enjoyed a close relationship with
Edward J. DeBartolo Jr., the head of the popular football team until his
resignation Tuesday and a man with many business interests in Louisiana. Now the
two are embroiled in a gaming scandal that is likely to produce federal
indictments next week -- and raises the possibility that Edwards, who dodged two
previous federal efforts to ensnare him, may, at 70, be in the deepest legal
trouble of his life.

"What is behind all this? The FBI. They'd like to make a case against Edwin
Edwards -- he's a sexy target," Edwards's attorney, Michael Fawer, said today.
"He has thumbed his nose at them on a number of occasions and he made a fool out
of them in court."

Both Edwards and DeBartolo deny any wrongdoing. Fawer said he expects the
indictments to allege that Edwards was paid off to influence the awarding of
three riverboat casino licenses. DeBartolo was associated with one of the
casinos, in Bossier City, although Fawer said that project was not awarded until
March, more than a year after Edwards left office. The two others not associated
with DeBartolo, the Treasure Chest and Players, were finalized during Edwards's
last term as governor.

The grand jury investigation came to light in April when federal investigators
searched Edwards's home and safety-deposit box and seized more than $ 442,000 in
cash. Earlier this week, Fawer confirmed to Louisiana newspapers that Edwards,
DeBartolo and four others, including Edwards's son, Stephen, had received
so-called target letters notifying them they were about to be indicted and
inviting them to appear before the grand jury to offer testimony that might help
them. At that point, DeBartolo stepped down as chief of the 49ers, saying he
needed "to focus on the legal issues in Louisiana" that "are simply not true."

Controversy is nothing new to Edwards, one of the nation's most resilient
politicians. The Cajun Democrat, who has never made a secret of his passion for
gambling, has always entertained -- or, depending on the point of view, dismayed
-- his constituents with his unbridled remarks and actions. During two trials on
corruption charges in the mid-1980s -- the first ended in a hung jury, the
second in acquittal -- he told how he liked to go to the gaming tables in Nevada
and play with tens of thousands of dollars under the aliases Ed Neff or T. Wong.

Once, facing an election, he cracked that the only way he could lose would be if
he was "caught with a dead girl or a live boy." So pervasive was his reputation
for shadiness that when he ran for reelection in 1991 against Nazi sympathizer
David Duke, bumper stickers appeared around the state that said, "Vote for the
Crook. It's Important." By his account, he has been investigated by about 20
grand juries. But Edwards's populist touch, and his resulting popularity with
blacks and Cajuns, ensured his continuing political success.

This time, federal investigators may have more to go on. The San Francisco
Chronicle reported today that federal agents allegedly bugged meetings between
Edwards and DeBartolo, even planting surveillance devices at restaurant tables.
The newspaper reported that federal agents overheard DeBartolo offering Edwards
as much as $ 400,000 for assistance in obtaining the casino license.

In today's Baton Rouge Advocate, Edwards acknowledged that DeBartolo had given
him about $ 383,000 to serve as a consultant "to watch out for his interests" on
the project, but stressed that the transaction was completely aboveboard.
Edwards did not return telephone calls today from The Post.

U.S. Attorney Eddie J. Jordan Jr., who is overseeing the investigation, had no
comment, a spokesman in his office said today.

Edwards declined the invitation to appear before the grand jury. "He does not
want to go to that beheading," Fawer said. Edwards and his son have sued to get
the seized money back, including another $ 26,500 that was seized from Stephen
Edwards's home.

The arrival of the gaming industry in Louisiana -- with video poker in 1992 and
riverboat casinos in 1993 -- brought jobs and revenue but also complicated the
political scene, said John Maginnis, a Baton Rouge journalist who has written
several books about Louisiana politics. Unlike the Mississippi legislature,
which set no limit on the number of gaming licenses that could be awarded in
that state, Louisiana lawmakers set a cap of 15. DeBartolo's aborted Bossier
City project, in partnership with Hollywood Casino Corp. of Dallas, had received
that 15th and final license.

"Putting a cap on it made the licenses a political commodity," Maginnis said
today. "Different legislators would lobby [state gaming] board members for
getting licenses for their friends."

While Edwards was governor, his son Stephen, an attorney, represented several
firms that obtained gaming licenses, Maginnis said. DeBartolo's license, awarded
this year by a gaming board appointed by Gov. Mike Foster (R), "seemed to be
aboveboard," he said.

Edwards's political influence has eroded in recent years, Maginnis said, as "he
had worn out his welcome with white conservatives" who were tired of the
scandals. But, he added, "People regard him warmly as an entertaining character.
Even people who didn't vote for him -- and never would -- have a grudging
admiration for his ability to land on his feet and think on his feet and to
enjoy life the way he does and to be kind of open about it. He talked openly
about shooting craps, chasing women, all the things that would be death to other
politicians."

But as this case continues to unfold, political scientist Jeffrey Sadow said he
detects a difference in the attitude in the Edwards camp. He points to a recent
motion filed by Edwards and his son that challenges the makeup of the ongoing
federal grand jury in Baton Rouge -- allegedly, mostly white women in an area
that is 45 percent black -- and demands that any indictments be thrown out.

"It smacks of desperation, grasping at straws, to do anything to stop this from
happening," said Sadow, a professor at Louisiana State University. "Last time,
Edwards was cool and collected and smiling."

U.S. Attorney Jordan, who is black, released an angry statement that denounced
the Edwardses' claim, saying that "the grand jurors in question were selected
without regard to race."

"There are a lot of people, if a conviction would come about, who would say,
'Finally, justice after all these years,' " Sadow said. "And then there are some
who would be disappointed because of his entertainment value, who look at him
and say, 'Oh, what a lovable rascal he is.' "


LOAD-DATE: December 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, baton rouge advocate, The FBI is pursuing Edwin W. Edwards
because "he's a sexy target," his lawyer said.  (Photo ran in an earlier
edition)

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              107 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            October 30, 2015 Friday
                                 First Edition

The easy way to pen a gay romance: copy a straight one but change the genders?

BYLINE: ANDREW BUNCOMBE IN NEW YORK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 526 words


It is perhaps no surprise that what works for a male-female romance might work
equally well for a male-male romance. Similar names, similar settings, a similar
plot and a similar dose of temperature-raising sizzling anecdote. Perhaps it's
all little too easy.

Such appears to be the scenario confronting Laura Harner. a self-published
author of gay romances, who has been accused of nothing less than plagiarsing
the work of a bestselling author of straight potboilers. Becky McGraw, a New
York Times bestselling writer, wrote recently on Facebook: "I was just notified
by a reader that she started reading M/M Romance recently and read a book by
another author that is almost VERBATIM my book, My Kind of Trouble, with the
exception it's an M/M book!! I need a recommendation for a good literary
attorney fast!!"

Ms McGraw expressed her anger after being alerted to alleged similarities in her
novel, in which the character Cassie Bellamy falls for bad boy Luke Matthews
when she returns to her hometown of Bowie, Texas. She was told it had strong
similarities with Laura Harner's Coming Home Texas, in which the character
Brandon Masters falls for Joe Martinez. Martinez is also portrayed as a bad boy
and the action happens when Masters returns to his hometown, Goldview, also in
Texas.

Ms McGraw told The Independent: "I was shocked that someone who was supposedly
so ingrained in the Indie author community, respected even, could do something
like this. I believe her fellow M/M author colleagues as well as readers and
bloggers who supported her are equally stunned and upset."

She added: "The blatant word-for-word replication of my book, a copy and paste
of my entire manuscript really, without any changes other than name and gender,
was very brazen."

The similarities have been detailed online by novelist Jenny Trout, who has
provided screenshots and extracts from both books. "Plagiarism, idea theft,
sabotage in general is more common in the romance and New Adult genres than we
want to admit it is, but that's probably true of most genre fiction," she said.

"Because it's such a female-focused genre, romance readers and authors don't
want to call too much attention to this stuff. People tend to think, 'Oh, women
and their drama'. Some of the rules we apply to women in our culture in general
allow this shadiness to go on. I call it "Be Nice". Women are told to be nice,
don't cause drama, don't be 'catty'."

Ms McGraw has said she is consulting a lawyer about legal action against Ms
Harner, who has pulled the book from retailers since Ms McGraw first complained
on Facebook.

Ms Harner's Amazon profile says she has written more than 50 novels and sold
almost half a million books. Ms Harner did not respond to inquiries yesterday.
In a statement to The Guardian, she said she realised she had made mistakes and
that she would "own and deal with the consequences".

"For those who know me best, you know that responsibility for my actions begins
and ends with me," she said. "I will also add there are some personal and
professional issues I've had to deal with in the last year that have stretched
me in ways that haven't always been good for me."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2015 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 19, 1985, Tuesday, Final Edition

College Basketball Notebook;
Navy Gets Rave Previews -- Except From TV

BYLINE: By John Feinstein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D8

LENGTH: 854 words


After Navy's performance in last spring's NCAA basketball tournament -- a
first-round annihilation of Louisiana State followed by a five-point loss to
Maryland -- it was apparent to many that, with all five starters back this
season, the Midshipmen had the potential to be a formidable team.

It was apparent to the new Big Apple NIT, which selected Navy as one of 16 teams
that will play in the inaugural preseason tournament that begins Thursday.

It was apparent to pollsters around the country, most of whom have ranked Navy
in their preseason top 20.

It was apparent to Maryland Coach Charles G. Driesell, who conveniently couldn't
find a date on his schedule for the Midshipmen.

It was apparent to everyone -- except the TV networks.

What could be a better story than Navy?

At a time when it seems some new scandal erupts in college sports every day,
here is a team -- a very good team -- made up of players who have to attend
class regularly and who will graduate. A team with a star player, 7-foot David
Robinson, who could have transferred last spring to avoid his five-year
postgraduate commitment to the Navy but opted to stay.

Ideal, right? Wrong.

NBC, according to spokesman Tom Merritt, "never really considered" Navy for one
of its telecasts. "It just never really came up," Merritt said.

CBS did a little bit better. "They were our next choice if Memphis
State-Nevada-Las Vegas fell through," said Billy Packer, who plays a major role
in putting the CBS schedule together. "We gave those two schools a deadline to
work things out and they came within 30 minutes of not meeting it. If they
hadn't, we would have gone to Navy."

Give CBS credit for at least thinking about Navy. But Memphis State-Nevada-Las
Vegas? What is the big deal there? Neither team is that good. In fact, Navy
might be better than both before the season is over. What's more, given a choice
between two schools with documented low graduation rates, a recent probation
history (UNLV) and a current NCAA/FBI investigation (Memphis State), why not go
with something different for a change?

"We even called ESPN (the cable network that brings you PKA karate)," said Navy
Coach Paul Evans. "They weren't interested, either. It's a little frustrating."

The basketball season formally begins Thursday in Houston with two first-round
games in the new NIT: Alabama-Birmingham plays Texas A&M, and Duke plays Lamar.

The other six first-round games are Friday, including Navy-St. John's in
Hartford, Conn.

It is a shame that this new venture, which has so much potential, begins with
the same shadiness that has enveloped the postseason NIT.

It should be recalled that NIT officials, desperate for attention for their
tournament last March, all but fixed the pairings to ensure that Indiana, UCLA
and Louisville reached the semifinals in New York. They gave those teams all
their preliminary games at home, even though many other teams in the tournament
had better records.

Now, with a brand new product, the NIT once again has refused to bracket the 16
teams. After this weekend's first two rounds, the tournament will announce the
pairings for next weekend's semifinals in New York.

Why? The better to get matchups the tournament wants. How silly. Either the
tournament can survive on its own merits or it can't.

A few notes on the early signing period that began last Wednesday and ends this
Wednesday: The player considered the best prospect in the country, 6-9 J.R. Reed
of Virginia Beach, will not sign early. Right now, reports are that Maryland
might have a slight lead over North Carolina and Virginia in the Reed
sweepstakes.

North Carolina was considered the leader early, but during the summer, Driesell
hired Oliver Purnell, who had been an assistant at Old Dominion. ODU is close to
Virginia Beach and Purnell is friendly with Reed. What's more, sources say
Driesell had a better home visit with Reed than Dean Smith did.

But it is very early.

Georgetown already has a commitment from a big man, 6-10 Sam Jefferson of Flint
Hill, and a commitment from a good guard, 6-3 Dwayne Bryant. The signing of
Bryant would indicate that Georgetown does not expect to get or is not
interested in 6-2 Rumeal Robinson. Robinson, from Cambridge (Mass.) Rindge and
Latin (Patrick Ewing's high school) is considered the best guard in the country.
He might end up at Boston College.

Other ACC schools have had some impressive signings: North Carolina got 6-10
Scott Williams from Los Angeles; Duke got 6-10 Allah Abdel-Naby from New Jersey
(a transfer from Egypt) and 6-4 Steve Henderson from Illinois; Georgia Tech got
6-3 Michael Christian from Colorado; and N.C. State got 6-7 Andy Kenney (a
guard) from Mississippi.

The upset pick finished with a flourish last season, winning seven of the last
nine for an 8-9 record. But chickening out on picking Villanova over Georgetown
in the title game made for a long summer.

No matter. It is a new year, and there will be new upsets. The first one is
easy: Navy, which is underrated, will beat St. John's, which is overrated, in
the opening round of the NIT on Friday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              109 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      February 2, 2003 Sunday Home Edition

Inside High Schools: Pros, young stars can learn from each other at NBA event

BYLINE: CURTIS BUNN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 18D; HIGH SCHOOLS

LENGTH: 521 words


To a high school basketball player, McDonald's serves not only as the No. 1
resource for goodies outside of mom's kitchen, but also as a symbol of
individual excellence. Making the fast-food restaurant's All-America list is
more coveted than a year's supply of Big Macs. And you know how kids love to
eat.

Amid all the pomp and overdone circumstance of the NBA All-Star weekend,
wouldn't it be nice if the 60 seniors from metro Atlanta attend the NBA Jam
Session on Saturday morning, an acknowledgment of their nomination to Mickey D's
coveted team.

Most of today's NBA stars were proudest to wear the jacket with the golden
arches on it, for it meant the ultimate distinction of talent. Michael Jordan
and Kobe Bryant --- both McDonald's pitchmen, by the way --- are among the stars
coming to town whose selection to the squad ranked among their highest
achievements at the time.

So, it would be an interesting juxtaposition at center stage of the World
Congress Center if McDonald's asks the star nominees to stand up and take a bow
--- relatively innocent athletes as the momentary showpiece on an occasion
celebrating millionaire stars. It would a moment that could be lasting and
meaningful for both sides.

The high-schoolers are where the pros once were, and the pros are where the
high-schoolers want to be. Perhaps the NBA players would remove their sunglasses
and look into the eyes of the youngsters and see what they once were: Wide-eyed,
enthusiastic and true to the game. And maybe one of those players would draw
something from such self-inspection and commit himself to making more of a
difference in the community.

Perhaps the high schoolers would, through the glare of pro's gaudy jewelry, see
how shallow they could become if they do not stay grounded in the intangible ---
a love for the game --- that pushes them today. Nothing wrong with aspiring to
make millions (Who doesn't?), but do not lose the virtues of loyalty, respect
and commitment along the way.

Do not take that to mean NBA players are a sullied element. Most are charitable,
good people. But too many live for the flash and cash, as the character of their
youth fades to black.

Frightently, it could be that impressionable kids on Saturday would see the
"bling-bling" (showy, expensive accessories) that dominates so many NBA player's
attire, and a bit of that pervasive shadiness would sift into their system. It
would not be the first time. See LeBron James.

The idea has to be for the kids to embrace the innocence of youth as long as
they can. After all, college is next, and that's another barrier to clear that
will challenge their character.

Maybe a pro would see Redan star Corey Gibbs on crutches, his high-school career
over after knee surgery last week, and be moved to recall how fleeting the
opportunity to play the game.

McDonald's would give the kids their due on a weekend for pro stars. There would
be something very right about that.

Let's just hope that the NBA standouts recall their McDonald's All-America
experience for more than the limitless supply of burgers and fries.

cbunn@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              110 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                              June 13, 2014 Friday

From Robert Downey Jr.'s Sleepover to Mel Gibson's Almost DUI, 9 of Malibu's
Most Notorious Scandals

BYLINE: Brandon Kirby

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 851  words


This story first appeared in the June 20 issue of The Hollywood
Reportermagazine.


1966   THE CASE OF THE PAINTED NAKED LADY Legal secretary Lynne Westmore,
moonlighting as a muralist, painted a 60-foot nude artwork, dubbed the Pink
Lady, on the rocks above the Malibu Canyon tunnel. Days after she finished it on
Oct. 28 -- she'd been scaling the cliff after dark -- road workers were
dispatched to cover the painting with 14 cans of gray paint. Westmore sued Los
Angeles County for $1 million; the county countersued for $26,000 to recoup its
costs. Both lawsuits were thrown out.


PHOTOS Late-Night Hucksters Gone Bad: 8 Televangelists and Pitchmen Hit by
Scandal


1996   ROBERT DOWNEY JR.'S SLEEPOVER Before his Hollywood resurgence, Downey
spent the mid-1990s in a stupor of drugs and alcohol, leading to a tabloid tidal
wave in July 1996, when he wandered into his neighbor's Malibu home, stripped to
his underwear and slept in their son's bed. It was the second time in three
weeks the police had booked Downey for being under the influence.


2002   BEACH-ACCESS BATTLE David Geffen spent three years fighting an easement
allowing access to a public beach pathway alongside his Carbon Beach property.
In 2005, he finally stopped blocking access and agreed to pay $300,000 in legal
costs. Now there's an app to help surfers and other nature lovers navigate
hard-to-find beach-access points. Created by writer Jenny Price and public radio
producer Ben Adair, Our Malibu Beaches reveals, says Price, "everything you need
to know for every single access way and which ones you can ignore and why." It
allows users to flag such scenarios as fake "no parking" signs.


2008   PAPARAZZI BRAWL In 2008, paparazzi swarmed Little Dume Beach to snap a
pic of Matthew McConaughey surfing, which had drawn a pack of turf-protecting
locals to stand watch. A brawl ensued. Two years later, two of L.A.'s top
defense attorneys, Harland Braun and Stefan Sacks, squared off against Assistant
District Attorney Bill Penzin to decide whether Philip John Hildebrand and
Skylar Peak (now serving as Malibu's youngest mayor) were guilty of misdemeanor
battery on the paparazzi or were responsibly removing trespassers. The charges
were dismissed after a mistrial was declared. Peak tells THR today: "The
incident I was in was blown out of proportion. There was definitely some
shadiness going on."


2009   BOB DYLAN'S BAD SMELL Five years ago, there was something evil blowing in
the wind near Dylan's Point Dume property. The culprit? The security staff's
portable toilet, which caused some neighbors to become sick. A resident whose
house was directly behind the toilet installed five industrial-sized fans in the
yard to blast back the odor.


STORY Summer in Malibu: 20 Ways to Make the Most of the Coast


2011   U2 MANSION MELTDOWN After U2 guitarist The Edge and his wife, Morleigh
Steinberg, purchased a 156-acre property above a ridgeline in 2006, they
proposed building five mansions there. The project received widespread
opposition from conservation groups, and in 2011 the Coastal Commission rejected
the plan. The agency's executive director deemed it "one of the three worst
projects I've seen in terms of environmental devastation," citing the problems
of extending a road through slide-prone areas and leveling more than 70,000
cubic yards of earth.


2012   THE SAND WARS Such residents of Broad Beach as Modern Family's Steven
Levitan and Steven Spielberg proposed a $20 million plan to reshape the coast in
a beach nourishment project, bringing in 600,000 cubic yards of sand from a
yet-to-be-determined site. "You can't walk down the beach except when the tide
is very low," Levitan told THR last year, about the beach's erosion. Opponents
believe it's a nearsighted scheme that will benefit only owners and will have
disastrous effects on the coastline.


2013   MEL GIBSON'S ALMOST DUI Not learning much of a lesson since his infamous
drunken anti-Semitic ramblings in 2006 after a DUI, the actor was stopped at a
checkpoint on PCH, where he previously was busted. Asked if he had been
drinking, Gibson said, "No." He then shouted, "Why are you harassing me? I have
had problems with you Lost Hills [Malibu] deputies in the past." The actor was
let go without being charged.


2014   CRACKDOWN ON REHABS Ever since posh Passages opened in Malibu 13 years
ago, the city has developed a notorious niche as Southern California's "Rehab
Riviera," drawing the likes of Britney Spears, Ben Affleck, Lindsay Lohan and
Charlie Sheen. In fact, so many dedicated treatment centers have taken over
mansions in private neighborhoods (there are at least 35 documented detox
facilities, not including many unlicensed sober houses) along the coastline that
the city has begun attempting to rein in the industry. "Residential
neighborhoods are not designed for that kind of activity," says Councilman Lou
La Monte, who has been at the forefront of these efforts. This year, the state's
Department of Health Care Services has been joining in on the crackdown, putting
an end to Passages' practice of cramming six beds into single-family residences.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2014 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             June 15, 2006 Thursday

DiCicco boosts new riverfront agency;
Pledging that its work will be open to public view, he sought state funding to
create the planning body.

BYLINE: Tina Moore, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 762 words


Forging a new nonprofit to plan future waterfront development will not stop
slots parlors from rising above the Delaware River, City Councilman Frank
DiCicco said.

But the move could help alleviate traffic problems, create a waterfront transit
system, and reserve areas for parks and playgrounds or boutiques and cafes, he
said.

"Although it's a little late," DiCicco said earlier this week - before calling
Gov. Rendell to ask for help in financing the nonprofit - "I think the window of
opportunity is still there."

DiCicco said he wanted to create a nonprofit to guide future growth along the
Delaware River in his district, where four slots parlors have been proposed -
although only two are authorized by state law. His constituents could end up
enduring both of the high-traffic entertainment complexes.

The Central Delaware Development Corp. - one possible name for the nonprofit -
would hire planners to develop a 10-year waterfront strategy, he said. The plan
could be used to amend the city's zoning code and force developers to get
approval from Council for plans that do not conform.

But, while many residents agree that a plan is long overdue, some wonder whether
a nonprofit would be transparent enough.

"How can anyone trust the creation of this thing in the first place," said Vern
Anastasio, who is running for DiCicco's Council seat, "when it's being created
secretly and without input?"

So far, there have been two meetings about the nonprofit.

The first, on May 9, was to alert community leaders of the nonprofit's creation.
The second, on May 16, brought together a powerful foursome: the councilman,
State Sen. Vincent J. Fumo (D., Phila.), Gov. Rendell and Mayor Street.

Three of the elected officials - DiCicco, Street and Fumo - are also on the
board of the nonprofit Penn's Landing Corp., which has been criticized for its
secrecy.

Penn's Landing Corp. manages about 30 acres of city-owned property and has come
under fire from independent policy researchers and other members of the public
for not holding public meetings and for refusing to release information as
simple as a list of its board members.

The Sunshine Act, the state law regulating open meetings, applies to state and
municipal governments, but much less so to nonprofits.

"I think it would be a terrible mistake to make another private corporation
that's beholden... to whom?" Fishtown resident Shawn Rairigh said. "Even if some
community groups get on the board, it just invites shadiness."

Barry Kauffman, executive director of Common Cause of Pennsylvania, a government
watchdog group, said public officials should not create or manage nonprofits
because "there has been the tendency to abuse them for political or personal
gain."

Nonprofits can be "abused for contributions" or become "political slush funds to
build a political empire," Kauffman said. He added, however, "that doesn't mean
he can't advise them on this or help them along the way."

DiCicco, a close ally of Fumo's, insists the not-for-profit he creates would be
much more public than most. He said a governing board would include community
groups, urban planners and pertinent agencies, such as the Streets Department
and the state Department of Transportation. Elected officials should have only
minimal involvement "at best," and the board would hold public meetings, he
said.

So far, however, community groups have been minimally involved. Jennifer Lewis,
president of the Northern Liberties Neighbors Association, said her group was at
the first meeting but had not been contacted since.

"Right now, we're not in discussions with anybody about creating an nonprofit,"
she said.

Instead, her group has been making its own plans, raising funds and hiring
planners to help it deal with growth. She said her association could consider
working with DiCicco's nonprofit in the future.

DiCicco, who is seeking about a half-million dollars to create the nonprofit,
said it was too soon to say how many people would sit on its board or how they
would be selected.

He said a frenetic last month in which Council passed a budget and voted on a
raft of amendments and bills had slowed creation of the nonprofit. But, he said,
he hopes the nonprofit will be in place by the end of the year when the state
Gaming Control Board is expected to award the two slots licenses allocated to
Philadelphia.

The nonprofit's focus would be the riverfront between Allegheny and Oregon
Avenues.

"The question is," DiCicco said, "what do we want the river to look like in 10
years?"

Contact staff writer Tina Moore at 215-854-2664 or tmoore@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 16, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Bold Struggle for Acceptance

BYLINE: By JENNA WORTHAM

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1147 words


On the penultimate episode of this season's ''RuPaul's Drag Race,'' the last
four contestants gathered backstage, waiting to find out who would be eliminated
from the competition to be named ''America's Next Drag Superstar.'' As they sat
in the ''untuck'' lounge, they made lighthearted small talk, trading compliments
and good-natured shade.

The conversation turned, suddenly, to activism. Chi Chi DeVayne, a sweet
Louisiana queen with a thick, country-fried accent, praised Bob the Drag Queen,
a gifted, tenderhearted New York comedian, on her work in support of marriage
equality.

''I wish that I had the guts to stand up for gay rights,'' she said wistfully
(the contestants often use male and female pronouns interchangeably).

Bob smiled and replied, ''Go do it, you can start anytime.''

Ms. DeVayne, dazzling in full makeup and a fuchsia ball gown, shook her head
firmly. ''You can't do it in Shreveport,'' she replied. ''They'll blow your head
off.''

That exchange reflected the cultural significance of ''Drag Race,'' for this
particular moment in time.

Queer and gay culture has been so widely co-opted and incorporated into
mainstream popular culture that it can feel commonplace, embraced by default. On
the surface, that feels like a positive thing -- queer narratives, like those
featured in ''Carol,'' ''The Danish Girl,'' ''Modern Family'' and
''Transparent'' go a long way toward humanizing difference. We may live in
troubled times, but this visibility suggests people are finding their way.

Yet, pop culture has barely started grappling with more complex and ugly
contemporary narratives, ones that make clear that universal acceptance is still
a fantasy -- like North Carolina's law limiting bathroom access to transgender
people. This is what makes ''Drag Race,'' which airs its Season 8 finale on
Monday night, so valuable.

Bob and Ms. DeVayne are both 30, but they may as well be from parallel
universes. They, like the show, remind viewers that these discrepancies, these
gaping chasms exist. We live in a time of extreme dualities.

In a recent interview with E. Alex Jung of New York magazine, RuPaul laid out
the subversive function of his show.

''They talk so much about acceptance now today and it's like, yes, but trust me
-- I'm old,'' he said, ''It's superficial.''

''Things haven't changed that much. You see it in politics right now,'' he
added. ''And you know, people will have you think, 'Oh, we're fashion. We're
gay. That's my gay over there!' It's like, no. We're still a very, very, very
primitive culture.''

Now, more than ever, we need axes of realness to anchor and make sense of this
strange world we live in. ''Drag Race'' has always been a show that knows how to
balances scripted moments and genuine interactions -- by turning the shadiness
and catty drama underlining the plot of almost every major reality show into a
good-natured theatrical performance, in which contestants earn points for the
ability to mock one another.

Drag lives to be weird, to mock conformity, and pokes hole in the artifice of
normativity, exposing the notion of fixed identity and gender as an inherently
flawed premise. ''Drag Race,'' which in every episode asks competitors to
construct new identities and costumes, lives to point out that our meat suits
can be altered, that anyone can paint and sew a new persona, that all
appearances are illusions anyway.

Last season, the show almost deflated that premise. Season 7 was dominated by
two contestants, Violet Chachki and Pearl, who both shimmered on the surface,
but didn't seem to have much depth below, at least, none that they were willing
to reveal. Phenomenally talented, and already Instagram famous before their
first appearance on the show, they were willowy and fair-skinned, exceptionally
gifted at pulling off classically ''fishy'' looks, which in drag slang means
feminine to the point of passing. They won competition after competition, and
praise from the judges.

''Drag Race'' no longer seemed to exist to expose the performance of
hyperfemininity, it seemed to cultivate it. The preference for heteronormative
standards of beauty was tremendously disappointing.

But this season rebounded from that. One of the earliest and most severe
eliminations was a pageant queen. And two of the season's stronger contestants
had male drag names. Weirdness reigned, through strong performances by Acid
Betty, with her psychedelic palette, and the transformations of Thorgy Thor, a
hippie with dreads and round glasses who invented a new character during every
challenge.

Kim Chi, one of the show's first breakout Asian-American contestants,
constructed some of the most sophisticated looks to grace RuPaul's stage, a
combination of flora and fauna and dessert pastry. Charming and chubby, with a
lisp, his most revealing moment came when he tearfully revealed that he has
hidden his exquisite talents at makeup and costume design from his own mother,
for fear she will be repulsed by his love of drag. In another, he confessed that
he was a virgin.

Moments like that, both shocking and sad, affirmed the importance of ''Drag
Race,'' the rare space on television that relishes honesty and exploration, that
doesn't subscribe to the notion that all is well now that we live in a
post-marriage-equality world. At its best, drag exposes the charade of modern
life, the idea that there are set rules to follow, and even if there are, that
you can win by following them. Personality, growth, the ability to evolve and,
really, to survive, were the traits that the judges prioritized this season.

But, you wonder, how can the show itself grow and evolve from here? At this
point in its life cycle, RuPaul's universe has expanded so much that a
generation has been weaned on the show and its spinoffs, like ''RuPaul Drag U.''
''Drag Race'' is its own feedback loop, its own perpetual motion machine. It's
as mainstream as a show about drag can get.

At the same time, ''Drag Race'' flourishes in cultlike purgatory. Even the
show's network, Logo TV, aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender
audience, is squirreled away, available only to cable subscribers. Without
streaming services like iTunes and Amazon Prime, ''Drag Race'' might not have
the fandom and staying power that it currently does.

That won't matter much on Monday night, when the finale is aired. It's not yet
clear who will win. In the second-to-last episode, after the group trooped back
out to hear the verdict, RuPaul informed Ms. DeVayne that she would not advance
to the final round and win the $100,000 or the title. She seemed unsurprised,
and smiled. ''You have taught me how to be a better person,'' she said, about
loving who she is and where she is from. ''And $100,000 can't buy that.''

At that, Ms. DeVayne snapped her fingers so clear and loud it almost sounded
like a bell, before sashaying away.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/16/arts/television/rupauls-drag-race-highlights-t
he-struggle-for-acceptance.html

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Chi Chi DeVayne performing during ''RuPaul's Drag Race'' on
Logo TV. She said the show taught her to be a better person, ''and $100,000
can't buy that.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY SANTIAGO FELIPE/GETTY IMAGES) (C1)
 From left, Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi and Naomi Smalls competing on ''RuPaul's
Drag Race.'' The finale airs on Monday night. (PHOTOGRAPH BY VH1) (C2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              113 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              May 16, 2004, Sunday

Pimlico and all that jazz

BYLINE: Fred Redwood

SECTION: Features; Home; 20

LENGTH: 811 words


Courtesy of the Crown Estate, singer Barb Jungr rents in SW1 for £400 a month.
FRED REDWOOD visits the boho one-bed

When the comedian Julian Clary borrowed the flat belonging to the jazz singer
Barb Jungr, he simply had to change things.

"Julian was between homes and I was working in New York so he moved in here,"
says Jungr. "When I got back Julian said I was the most eccentric person he knew
- which is saying something -and he had transformed the place. He'd spring
cleaned, installed a brand-new fax machine to make me more businesslike and
completely redesigned the bathroom -putting up shelves and tidying everything
into cupboards."

Jungr, whose cabaret performances were acclaimed last year by New York's
Backstage magazine, lives in a one-bedroom flat in a gated, Crown Estate enclave
near Pimlico Tube station.

Forget minimalism. She favours the magpie approach to decor, which is what
prompted Clary to play house doctor. The living room is furnished mainly with
antiques -there's a futon-style sofa, a marble-topped coffee table and painted
wicker chairs. On the walls there are masks bought in Malawi and Korea, a knife
designed more for throat-slitting than for decoration and a spooky-looking
Burmese puppet called a "nat" that, she claims, is a good-luck charm.

"I live a nomadic life -friends put me up when I am performing abroad and they
stay here when they're in London. When Robert Golden, the film-maker, stayed
here with Tina Ellen Lee, the opera singer, they left a coffee machine and some
excellent Algerian coffee. Debbie Isitt, the film-maker left a water filter, and
the piano was given to me by the jazz singer Claire Martin."

In an alcove off the living room there's a small kitchen -pristine, untouched
and with a showroom sparkle not even Clary could better.

"That's because it has never been used," says Jungr. "I have a Zen approach to
the kitchen. Pimlico has brilliant Indian, Chinese and Turkish restaurants and I
use them all the time. Even for breakfast I go to one of the cafes with the
papers. I don't want those restaurants to go out of business so I don't use the
kitchen."

There's something curiously French about the flat that belies its 1970s brick
exterior: it's the romantic shadiness of the high-windowed living room, looking
out across the square of communal gardens. And it's the quiet -despite being
within walking distance of central London's busiest streets, the traffic is a
distant purr. These are the reasons why caramel-fronted period houses on long
leases opposite sell for between £750,000 and £1m and one-bedroom flats similar
to Jungr's change hands for £250,000.

Yet the rent on Jungr's flat, which she was able to rent because of a family
connection to the Crown Estate, is a mere £400 a month -a steal at London
prices. "The Crown is a wonderful landlord," she says. "Originally the
properties were for people who worked for the monarch so residents pay well
below the market rent. There's a very friendly atmosphere here because lots of
them have been in the same families for generations. Nowadays there are also
nurses and other key workers here, which makes for a good social mix."

Jungr's reluctance to invest money in bricks and mortar must have cost her dear.

She first moved to London in the 1980s, when she fronted the Three Courgettes, a
band that toured with Kid Creole & the Coconuts. During those years she rented a
flat in Earl's Court. A few years later she found success in a duo with Michael
Parker, when she performed with Alexei Sayle and Clary during the cabaret boom.

She continued to rent, moving with her late husband, the author Richard
Sheridan, to Fulham. Does she regret not cashing in on the property explosion of
the past 20 years? "Not at all. You don't profit from the property market in any
real sense if you're an owner-occupier. You can't realise the profit on your
investment because you have to have somewhere to live.

"The idea that owning your home gives you security is bizarre. Someone in the
States once worked out that owner-occupiers are just two pay cheques away from
skid row and they are right. Look at the people who were repossessed in the last
housing-price slump.

"Perhaps I'm hypersensitive to this sense of impermanence because my
grandparents came to this country from Czechoslovakia as refugees after the last
war. They had land and gorgeous apartments there yet suddenly it was all taken
from them."

With her career on a roll, does Jungr plan to remain in her Pimlico flat for
much longer? "Absolutely. Ideally, I'd like three homes -this flat as a London
base, to be near the shops and the West End, a place on the Isle of Skye for the
solitude, the space and the sea, and a rented room in Paris -like Piaf."

Barb Jungr is appearing at Pizza on the Park in London on May 19-22


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: London

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              114 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       March 5, 1998 Thursday 2D EDITION

A Republican dilemma

BYLINE: Germond & Witcover

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 679 words


BILOXI, Miss. - If you attended the Southern Republican Leadership Conference
here the other day, you could enjoy the spectacle of a blue-haired grandmother
wearing a T-shirt with the legend, "Lorena Bobbitt for White House Intern." Or
you could snicker at former Vice President Dan Quayle's anticrime program,
"Three interns and you're out."

Whatever else it may be, the Monica Lewinsky controversy is obvious fodder for
Republican activists. But there are some complex factors in the party's decision
about how to play the politics of the issue.

On the one hand, the party's congressional leaders have been advising other
Republicans to maintain a discreet distance from the controversy. They have been
following an old rule in politics that says when the opposition is
self-immolating, it isn't necessary to toss another match on the fire.

But at the conference here prominent Republicans were taking quite a different
approach by zinging President Clinton with varying degrees of seriousness about
the moral example he has set in the White House. It was an approach that earned
enthusiastic applause from the 1,600 delegates from 13 Southern states who
gathered in Mississippi's version of Atlantic City. Those who counsel caution -
Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich is a prime example - obviously see some
hazards that can be avoided with restraint. One is that partisan criticism would
only add to the distaste Americans feel about the whole controversy and bring
some of the blame now directed at Kenneth Starr and the press down on
Republicans.

Another, more important perhaps, is that partisan criticism of Clinton would
make it easier for the White House to depict the investigation as nothing more
than a political witch-hunt undertaken by what Hillary Rodham Clinton called a
"vast right-wing conspiracy."

But many of the Republicans at this conference were perplexed and disturbed by
the findings of so many public opinion polls that Clinton's approval rating on
his job performance has been rising to new heights even as the Lewinsky case
becomes seedier and seedier. Some of them believe this has happened because
Clinton has been given too much of a free ride by the loyal opposition while the
White House sells the idea that Clinton's private behavior has nothing to do
with his public performance.

Thus, for example, Quayle evoked shouts of approval when he moved beyond his
lame joke and told the delegates: "We have a president who has lost credibility
with the American people, who is severely distracted doing his job. This is sad
and dangerous. America needs and deserves a full-time president."

Steve Forbes, the millionaire publisher and presidential aspirant, earned an
even more enthusiastic response when he asked, "Has there ever been a sharper
contrast between the goodness of America and the corruption and the shadiness
and the sordidness that we have in the White House today?" And Lamar Alexander,
the former Tennessee governor, was applauded when he called the episode "a
national embarrassment."

To some degree the aggressive tone of the Republican leaders was a reflection of
their audience of Republican activists who give a high priority to "family
values" and hold conservative positions on social and cultural issues. These are
Republicans, one veteran strategist said privately, "who are less interested in
tactics than in finding candidates who stand for something."

The immediate question is, of course, how the Monica Lewinsky matter will play
out in the midterm congressional elections later this year. Will it still be a
scandal tainting only the president or will it become a problem for Democrats in
general?

If the White House succeeds in turning the controversy into a debate over
executive privilege while hiding the facts, said Sen. Fred Thompson of
Tennessee, "It's going to be time for us to get off the sidelines." Most
Republican leaders already seem prepared to do just that. Veteran reporters Jack
W. Germond and Jules Witcover of The Baltimore Sun have co-written a number of
books on politics.

LOAD-DATE: March 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 11, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Comedy Thriller Brings Big 'Bang'

BYLINE: BOB ROSS, rross@tampatrib.com

SECTION: FRIDAY EXTRA; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 517 words


By BOB ROSS

rross@tampatrib.com

When film critic Pauline Kael named one of her anthologies "Kiss Kiss Bang
Bang," she said she saw the phrase on an Italian poster and borrowed it because
it's "perhaps the briefest statement imaginable of the basic appeal of movies."

Shane Black shares Kael's love of visceral cinematic thrills, partly because he
earned a fortune writing them. His 1987 "Lethal Weapon" script helped redefine
the cop-crime thriller genre. He scribbled three "Lethal" sequels and earned
record paydays for "The Last Boy Scout" and "The Long Kiss Goodnight."

In his debut as a writer-director, Black doesn't renounce his crass past.
Rather, he makes ebullient fun of it, using dense dialogue and tricky narration
to play with the audience while keeping us on edge with a little bit of
kiss-kiss and a lot of bloody bang-bang.

Robert Downey Jr. (see Worth the Rent, Page 46) is in top form for the lead role
of small-time crook Harry Lockhart, whose loser lifestyle gets an upward boost
when he inadvertently becomes a movie actor and gets a free trip to Hollywood.
(His show biz initiation by audition is the first of many hilarious plot bits.)

Harry is also an unusual narrator, because he keeps interrupting and correcting
himself as he tells his tale.

After earning a role as a detective, Harry's sent to study under a real sleuth,
a two-fisted tough guy in the Philip Marlowe vein -- after a fashion. Val Kilmer
brings straight-faced humor to the character, known as Gay Perry, as he copes
with Harry's unauthorized and dangerous attempts to solve crimes on his own.

There's a lively prologue -- set about 25 years ago in the Midwest -- that
becomes significant as corpses pile up and the mystery around them deepens.

The third key player is a pixieish aspiring actress named Harmony, who becomes
entangled in the mayhem and has mildly surprising connections to Harry. Michelle
Monaghan, who had smaller roles in "Mr. and Mrs. Smith" and "North Country,"
steps up with a charming blend of feistiness, shadiness and sex appeal as she
leads Harry on a merry chase that boomerangs more than once.

The jokes about the film business and crime-flick cliches pile up fast: Black's
word-intensive script and rapid-fire action are almost too thick to absorb in
one sitting. The jokes have almost as much sting as the murders, chases and
standoffs. There's a Russian roulette moment that is one of the funniest shocks
since "Pulp Fiction."

There's pain here, too. It's hard to find the humor in electric torture or a
severed finger, but Black and company manage to, excuse the expression, pull it
off.

(CHART) MOVIE REVIEW

Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang: B

MOVIE BOARD RATING: R (violence, profanity, nudity, sexuality)

STARS: Robert Downey Jr., Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Corbin Bernsen

DIRECTOR: Shane Black

LOCATION: For locations, see Quick Flicks, Page 12; see Page 16 for movie times.

PLOT SUMMARY: Petty crook stumbles into acting and crime-solving.

RUNNING TIME: 103 minutes

ON THE WEB: kisskiss-bangbang.com

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: FILM

GRAPHIC: PHOTO CHART
Warner Bros. A thief turned actor (Robert Downey Jr.) crosses paths with his
childhood crush (Michelle Monaghan) in "Kiss Kiss, Bang Bang."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              116 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Football season (the American kind)

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1105 words


Jack Barlow reports from Louisiana, where gridiron is a religion.

--------------------

The summers are quiet down here in Baton Rouge. The exodus begins slowly, when
exam papers begin to land with a flutter on lecturers' desks at Louisiana State
University (LSU) and all the other universities littered in and around the city.
For Baton Rouge is a college town, and when school's out, so are the students -
some back home to the swampy Cajun countryside of south Louisiana, others
further afield to neighbouring Texas, Mississippi or, even, perennially sunny
Florida.

People often joke that there's little to do in Louisiana but drink. It's not
true, of course, but for the stragglers over the long, sweltering months from
June through September, it sometimes feels that way. Sipping on cheap beer in
half-empty bars, a sense of restlessness creeps over the locals. The town is, it
seems, covered in a fog of boredom.

The change begins almost imperceptibly. Saturday nights become a little busier,
familiar faces start reappearing after a few months away and, most tellingly,
purple and gold LSU flags gradually impose themselves on the landscape more and
more - outside suburban doorways, from the roofs of businesses, fluttering out
the windows of cars. The fog slowly begins to lift because everyone knows that
the end of summer, the start of the school year really only means one thing.
It's time for football season.

Few places in the United States take football more seriously than Southern
states do, and few Southern states match the out-and-out passion of Louisiana.
There's a bit of a divide within the state. While everyone supports both, the
sprawling metropolis of New Orleans tends to become decked out in the black and
gold of pro-footballers the New Orleans Saints, while Baton Rouge is all about
college football and the purple and gold LSU Tigers - rawer, yet somehow more
personal and often more fun. After all, the Saints don't have an actual saint as
their mascot, but the Tigers do have a real tiger. (Mike the Tiger, for the
record, lives in a $4 million enclosure on LSU's campus.)

Despite their often conflicted emotions about the man, Louisianans can thank
former governor Huey Long for Baton Rouge's football mania. Once referred to as
"the most entertaining tyrant in American history", Long - governor from 1928 to
1932, then state senator from 1932 until his assassination in 1935 - has
something of a mixed legacy. Undoubtedly brilliant, yet also semi- dictatorial
and capricious, he nonetheless laid the foundations for modern-day Louisiana.
Nowhere is it more obvious than LSU, taking what was, in 1928, a relative
backwater of an institution, by 1935 Long had turned it into one of the most
powerful schools in the nation. He quadrupled the size of the marching band,
initiated a massive building programme, opened enrolment up to poorer students -
in line with his borderline socialist "every man a king" ethos - and, most of
all, created one of the most powerful college football teams in the country.
Despite the disdain in which he is often held by modern-day Louisianans - due
primarily to his liberalism and all-round shadiness - it's hard to find anyone
who will complain about his success on the football front. Even tyrants, locals
grudgingly admit, have their good points.

The LSU Tigers are, it must be said, terribly erratic. Watching them is akin to
watching Wellington's Hurricanes: full of talent and with plenty of flashes of
sporting brilliance, they're just . . . never . . . quite . . . there. Last
year's season finale was a classic, hair-pulling example of their ability to
exasperate: fighting for one of the minor college football trophies against
unfancied Clemson after a topsy-turvy year, the team managed to somehow grow
worse throughout the game, ending up ineptly blowing its final play and
finishing 24-25. Watching at a New Year's Eve party in mid-Baton Rouge - and
what a way to usher in the New Year - the crowd, initially buoyant, gradually
quieted down before beginning to hurl a variety of choice words at the
television. Shortly after half time, the room began to empty and, by the end,
only a few hardy fans were left to watch the final ignominy, the rest drunkenly
set off fireworks outside, as far as possible from any television screen.

This year, expectations are both impossibly sky high and disparagingly low.
After putting on more than 50 points against minnow UAB (University of Alabama
at Birmingham) in the first home game of the season, LSU fans flooded out of the
93,000 seat Tiger Stadium in dejection, fed up with the Tigers' hit-or-miss
play. With a great deal of the crowd disappearing at half time, the spectacle
ended up looking more like a Thursday afternoon high school football practice
session than a major college football match. Watching at a dirty student bar
just off campus, bored and drunk fans were unimpressed. "Goddamn it, look at
this," a miffed Tigers fan slurred, pointing at a TV as the 56-17 score line
flashed across the screen. "Shoulda been a shut-out. I mean, come on . . .
they're going to get destroyed this year. No hope . . . they might as well give
up now." "Yeah," someone else chimed in from across the bar. "To hell with
[coach Les] Miles. They're through. Shoulda been, like, 90-0. Hell."

A bit drastic, perhaps, but it's easy to see why the Tigers shoulder such a
burden. They're a part of Baton Rouge's identity in the same sort of way the All
Blacks are in New Zealand. Kids grow up learning Tiger chants, watching games at
the ever- expanding Tiger stadium, hanging round outside the stadium on game
days as their parents tailgate - drink, more or less - before the game itself
kicks off. When they get older, they'll go to Tigerland, an area chocker with
cheap, trashy college bars, to drink. They'll wash their cars at Tiger-themed
carwashes, eat at purple and gold-covered restaurants. Growing up here, it's a
case of all Tiger, all the time. It is, simply, unavoidable.

The season is two games old now, the easy-beats dealt with, the serious
contenders loom. Old rivalries going back decades are coming up - with
ever-competitive Florida, up and down Auburn, perennial enemy Alabama.
Regardless of how the season pans out - and given the Tigers' nature, it could
go either way - one thing's certain: at the finish, the Tiger flags will keep
flying. "If you come here and don't like football, well, to hell with you," was
the warning one local doled out to an unnerved newcomer. living in Baton Rouge,
you learn to love the ubiquitous purple and gold pretty quickly. As they say
around here: Geaux Tigers! Indeed.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                FSView & Florida Flambeau (Tallahassee, Florida)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 4, 2010

Divide & Conquer? Not so much

BYLINE: HEATHER MCQUEEN, Contributing Writer

LENGTH: 639  words


This past Saturday, Oct. 30, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert's "Rally to Restore
Sanity and/or Fear" was held at the National Mall in Washington, D.C., in order
to create a sense of unity and rejuvenation for Americans and their political
beliefs by poking fun at the current state of affairs within our country.

The negativity, hate, dissension and altogether alienating nature of the
country's political parties and government can often leave citizens feeling
reluctant to partake in the system.

Also, it can generate a population of supporters that perpetuates the often
futile efforts of either political party. The polarization that is occurring
simply breeds fear and hate, which makes any attempt toward social change
ineffective and impossible.

According to a CNN report, the rally "carried a message about Americans turning
their backs on hate and working together to make the world a better place."

The rally was essentially a comedy show, in typical Stewart/Colbert fashion, and
featured a variety of entertainers and performers including John Legend, The
Roots, Ozzy Osbourne, Cat Stevens, Sheryl Crow and Kid Rock.

It was, therefore, a perfect example of how humor can be effectively used in
order to shed light and attention on pertinent yet controversial issues.

Hundreds of thousands gathered to show support and rally toward the
disillusionment of American citizens and society in general.

Inaction and hesitancy to "change" anything at all seem to saturate the already
problematic and flawed government, and rhetoric, platforms, and little more than
drivel seems to be all that political parties have to show for. Complacency and
hopelessness are two seemingly natural responses to these institutions and
socializing forces that create very little evidence of relevance and
contribution to the betterment of society.

It does, however, call into question what can be deemed effective for actual
change and what is merely an illusion. The lighthearted rally against
politics-as-usual may be representative of a larger social perspective, but if
change and action does not result from the rally, the entire premise may prove
to be futile.

But this paradox reveals an ongoing recurrence in our everyday lives--one that
necessitates a single reminder: action creates change. Reaction, however, does
not have to be relied upon for change to occur.

The popular quote by Mahatma Gandhi is quite appropriate for this situation: "Be
the change you want to see in the world." It is not only representative of the
centrist ideology that was largely present at the rally, but also speaks to
those who are at odds with the current political tactics and governmental
approach.

Negativity from political parties, candidates and the overarching political
structure is disconcerting for many people, and this creates a lack of
enthusiasm for involvement. People do not want to be bothered with the internal
factions and shadiness of the system, so, instead, many of the issues that need
to be addressed and acknowledged are simply ignored.

It seems as though this mindset can be taken into account even outside of the
political sphere. People working together toward a common goal for the overall
welfare and wellbeing of society--it almost sounds too simple.

What is scary is how difficult it is for people to grasp this concept. The
divide-and-conquer approach is apparently the favored strategy, but considering
where it has taken society thus far, it may be time to reconsider and
potentially enact some of the suggestions and ideas comically presented by
Stewart and Colbert.

The distortion and polarization by the media and political parties hinders the
ability to reason and make value judgments. With little left to lose, and an
extreme amount to gain, this fresh outlook toward a new approach to unified
politics surely holds some promise.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FFF

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2010 FSView & The Florida Flambeau


                              118 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Rosenberg exploring options regarding Joyce

BYLINE: By Mike Deehan State House News Service

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


BOSTON &GT;&GT; Senate President Stanley Rosenberg has discussed with one of his
assistant majority leaders news reports suggesting that the senator used his
elected position to benefit his private law clients and says he hopes to handle
the situation soon.

"We've been having discussions and are exploring all of our options. I want to
make sure this is handled properly," Rosenberg told the News Service Thursday
about talks he's had with Milton Sen. Brian A. Joyce.

A Boston Globe story by Andrea Estes published on Sunday alleges that Joyce
"frequently blurred the lines between his public duties and his private
business, based on a Globe review of his legal work and campaign spending."
Critics, including Globe columnist Scot Lehigh, have suggested that Rosenberg
take disciplinary action against Joyce.

"We hope to do something around this in the coming days," Rosenberg told the
News Service.

According to the Globe, Joyce did not disclose that he represents Energi, the
Peabody company that sells insurance to businesses in the energy sector, while
also sponsoring a bill supported by the company and serving on the committee
which oversees the energy industry.

Rosenberg said he was not aware of Joyce's connections to Energi and only became
aware that the company was a client of Joyce's when he read the Globe article.

"We've had some general discussions. We've not focused on the content of the
article," Rosenberg said.

House Speaker Robert DeLeo suggested earlier this week that the Legislature may
revisit the state's ethics laws but that the idea came up before Joyce's
situation became an issue.

"If you remember, when I became speaker we had done some of that and we had made
some changes actually in terms of making the laws much tougher - you know,
increasing penalties and the like. But I do think we need to take a look at our
conflict of interest laws and other such ethics - possible ethics violations as
we move forward," DeLeo said after meeting with Gov. Charlie Baker and Rosenberg
Monday.

Baker said he read the Globe article on Joyce and said any decision about
whether to investigate should be left to the State Ethics Commission.

Joyce did not return a request for comment.

In a press release sent late Sunday, MassGOP Chairman Kirsten Hughes criticized
what she called "Senator Joyce's brazen disregard for state ethics laws,
combined with the shadiness with which he had handled these questions." The
Republican Party called for an investigation into Joyce's past dealings and
vowed to file a request with the Ethics Commission.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 2, 2002 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Hot stuff, none of it on Temptation Isle;
TV & Radio

BYLINE: Ruth Ritchie

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 807 words


Medals all round for the Winter Olympics, but especially to Roy and H.G. for
breaking the ice.

`TELL me honestly, does this stadium make me look fat?" said one gigantic
automated dinosaur to another at the Closing Ceremony (Seven, Monday, for about
seven hours). The dinosaurs represented Utah's first family, and sure enough,
they were voiced by Donnie and Marie.

Speaking of dinosaurs, the Osmonds kept Jurassic company with Earth Wind and
Fire, Willie Nelson and Kiss. This was the concert Utah staged to thank the
athletes of the XIX Olympic Winter Games. How do they reward the skiers and
skaters who are not good enough to fall over on international television? I'm
guessing that Wayne Newton and Connie Stevens go over to their houses just
before dawn and belt out a few Vegas tunes, to get them up in time for training.

The Winter Olympics. What are they all about? Most of these people spend their
youth breaking bones and going up and down the same freezing hill, to train for
an event where they will probably not just wipe out and wind up in surgery, but
have to look at Kiss's erect nipples through all that matted chest hair. They
deserve a medal, as do Roy and H.G. for another lovely counter-balance to all
that is legendary, spirited, heroic and inspirationally cliched in Olympic
commentary. The Ice Dream (Seven, every night of that tedious ice age) was very
good and funny, and now that it's all over I hope they spearhead a taskforce to
secure the Cold Olympics at Smiggin Holes in time for our children to compete.

The local version of Temptation Island started this week (Seven, Tuesday.)

Still, Wednesday night has turned into a hotbed. There's a decent legal wrangle
going on between The Guardian (Ten) and North Square (ABC). I oohed and aahed
over The Guardian's Simon Baker after the first episode, but couldn't make room
in that column to praise Dabney Coleman. (Not since Nine to Five have we felt
the full force of Coleman's screen presence. Can't wait for someone to tie him
up.)

These shows often need a crusty elder of questionable moral fibre but
considerable fortune. The Guardian has Dabney Coleman. North Square has Phil
Davis, the slimy critter who plays the chief clerk of chambers, Peter McGleish.
(It also has Helen McCrory, an actress who may turn out to be our generation's
Helen Mirren Ally McBeal she ain't.) Anyway, Phil Davis's questionable
character, McGleish, owes plenty to the Fagan/Arthur Daley school of shadiness.
But instead of pickpocket or minders he's running a stable of cut-throat
barristers. It's chock-full of strangely attractive people with imperfect teeth.
The English may be able to do cops and robbers, I mean lawyers, as well as the
Americans, but they're still way behind when it comes to teeth.

Real lawyers probably don't have spectacular teeth, and we know they don't
behave like Perry Mason or Ally McBeal. A new short series, DIY Law (ABC,
Tuesday), brings us real lawyers (Australian, so there's quite a wide dental
variety) and real self-litigants. Fascinating.

In the first episode a young girl fights for custody of her 18-month-old
daughter. Without seeing her resume, I'm guessing that most young single mothers
who find themselves playing plaintiff, solicitor and barrister probably weren't
captain of the debating team at Ascham. This girl struggles with ignorance of
the legal system, nerves, a tied tongue and a room full of people in crazy wigs.
The judge makes a lot of sense and the outcome is surprising.

Taking the lawyer out of the process is a very fresh way to throw light on the
process. For legal reasons, we don't get faces, just nervous wringing hands and
sadly painted nails. It still works. Directed by Sue Lambert and hailing from
the home of quality Australian documentaries, Hilton Cordell, the next few
episodes are certainly worth a look.

I did watch Temptation Island. Days later I still have trouble scrubbing it off.
Growing up, our family had far too many action figures: Cindy, Midge, GI Joe,
Ken, Barbie X 4 and a little she-devil I called Veronica. We would dress them
all in bikinis and eveningwear and unleash soap opera hell. GI Joe was always
dragging Midge home by her hair after some trashy scene with Ken. Now my action
figures have their own TV show. (I remember thinking the same thing when Melrose
Place first went to air, but this real-life drama really appears to have been
written by a precocious seven-year-old.)

These people have fewer distinguishing features than a Malibu Stacey doll, and
they are nearly always nude and drunk. I can't tell if they are cheating. I
don't know why they'd bother. Surely one bulging brown bumpkin is every bit as
disappointing as another.

Have the current affairs programs started polling the Australian public yet to
see if Russell Crowe should relinquish his Oscar nominee status? Just checking.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: In our dreams ... Roy and H.G. plugging for Smiggin Holes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Mad Men 703: A Ham-Fisted Homecoming

BYLINE: mmulshineobserver

LENGTH: 1524 words


A recap of "Field Trip."

Joan is over it. (Photo via blogs.amctv.com)

In this week's episode of Mad Men, Don got his job back and Megan said she
wanted out of their marriage. These were two events we've all been waiting for,
and they came out of nowhere. There were no fireworks, no dramatic cuts, no
extended silences or swelling music.

Instead, the episode's big moments came mostly from Betty and Bobby's trip to
the farm, while the workplace happenings were jumbled and messy - as those
things usually are in real life. Like last season's "The Crash," it might have
left some viewers feeling weirdly dissatisfied. So much happened, but without
the typical cinematic signifiers that accompany big plot turns and twists.

Last week's episode, with its series of emotional and professional victories,
contrasts with this week's "Field Trip." Three women accepted promotions with
zeal in that ep. This week, one man gets his job back and not even his wife is
excited for him.

DON'S EXISTENTIAL DISSATISFACTION INDEX: 8

It's probably not even news to Don that his marriage is over. Frankly, we're
surprised Megan held on as long as she did.

In the first two episodes of this season, we see Don treating Megan like one of
his kids. He shields her from the truth about his job, he tries to curry favor
by buying her a new TV. In the first episode, he even looks like he's her
father. It's been going on since Megan quit working at the agency to try her
luck at acting, really. Don eschewed her for a woman closer to his age, and made
major life plans - like the California move - expecting Megan would have no
choice but to come along.

This week, Megan has finally had enough. Her agent, Allen Silver, calls Don to
tell him Megan's been, in Don's words, "acting like a lunatic." He flies out to
California under the guise of surprising her, when really he's checking up on
her to make sure she's not hysterical. It's a perfect invitation for him to
parent his wife. She catches on in less than an hour.

It's an ugly depiction of retro sexism, with the two men secretly chatting to
figure out what's best for Megan. And it's majorly ironic. Don has a lot of
nerve to call his wife a lunatic when, just a few months ago, he acted like "a
guy who walks around wearing a cardboard box that says 'the end is near'" in a
meeting with Hershey, as Roger says later in the episode.

"Thanks for the visit, Daddy," Megan snips. "I'm stupid for thinking you could
possibly miss me."

Great use of lemon-yellow crochet, by the way. (Photo via blogs.amctv.com)

After Megan interprets Don's shadiness and strange phone habits as evidence of
an affair, he finally has to confess that he was put on leave.

Megan reacts like a true grownup in this situation, coolly telling him he has to
leave. "I want you to call a cab, get on a plane and go home," she says. "I
don't want you to worry about me anymore... This is the way it ends. It's going
to be so much easier for both of us."

It feels pretty anticlimactic - there are no tears, at least not until a phone
call between Megan and Don later in the show. During the call, Don apologizes
and then apes Sally's behavior from the previous episode. He tells Megan he
loves her - isn't this the first time we've ever heard him say those words to
her? - and Megan responds, "Good night." Sally already had the upper hand
emotionally when she said she loved Don; that's why it was such a punch in the
gut for him. As far as Megan's concerned, though, it's too little too late.

Later, when Don uses an offer from another agency to get his job back from
Roger, it's far from the triumphant welcome-back Don probably thought he'd get.
He's fallen so far now, he accepts the indignities of Peggy telling him she
"can't say that we missed you" and the cold shoulder he gets from everyone but
the only four guys in creative who still rank beneath him.

Combined with the intermittent shots of him staring at his watch and the floaty
Steadicam sequence of how he sees the office upon walking in, the whole thing
feels like a clunky, disorganized dream. It's not exactly nightmare status; the
action is just confusing and, to Don, inexplicable.

He then accepts the saddest return deal of all time. It's a major demotion. And
if he steps one foot out of line, and he'll be worse off than he was on leave.
His only hope at this point is for Lou Avery to get caught embezzling or
something equally heinous.

This also highlights the breakdown in understanding among the remaining
partners. Some thought Don's leave was temporary. Others assumed he was fired.
And somehow, Lou Avery snagged a two-year contract. Clearly, he doesn't see
himself as a temporary replacement.

But hey, Don's got his job back. And apparently that's more important to him
than being with Megan, who points out that good news would be Don getting a job
in California. There's still a chance SC&P could send him out west, although
Pete and Ted were strangely absent from this episode.

It especially doesn't bode well that Don's been given Lane Pryce's old office.
He'd better get out of there as quick as he can.

BETTY'S EXISTENTIAL DISSATISFACTION INDEX: 8

While Don is hanging around SC&P like a sad teen who's desperate for the popular
girl to notice him, Betty's chaperoning a field trip for Bobby. Before that,
though, she meets with Francine, her plucky friend from the old neighborhood.
Their conversation is full of subtle digs, with Betty implying that Francine is
somehow deficient as a mother for seeking satisfaction through her
three-day-a-week travel agent job, and Francine straight up telling Betty she's
old-fashioned.

So later, when Betty accompanies Bobby's class to a potato farm, she's probably
already feeling threatened by her continued stay-at-home mom status. One of the
main themes of this arc is Betty's disgust at the teacher's failure to wear a
bra - again, so old-fashioned. Another mother shares Betty's horror. Ironically,
they gossip about the teacher's lack of bosom support while standing outside the
barn puffing away, choosing to pollute the pastoral air with cigarette smoke
rather than join their children inside. Who's really doing the kids a disservice
in this situation?

The shots at the clean, open farm stand in stark contrast to the look of chaotic
SC&P. Betty looks cool and perfectly controlled, her hair refusing to budge an
inch, even when she puts on and takes off her sunglasses. Betty's the picture of
midcentury perfection with her hairspray, cigarettes and no doubt bulletproof
shapewear. The teacher - who could be spending more time with Bobby than Betty
does - has undone hair, jeans, and the bare minimum of undergarments. She's
another woman who's gotten with the times while Betty lags behind.

Just eat the damn gum drops, Mom. (Photo via blogs.amctv.com)

Midway through the trip, Betty's apparently had enough. When she finds out Bobby
traded her sandwich for a bag of gumdrops, she turns on him.

"I didn't think you were going to eat," Bobby swears. And who could blame him?
Aside from that one bloated blip a couple of seasons ago, Betty's never been one
to consume solid foods. Still, she won't forgive him. She forces him to eat the
gumdrops while she sulks and smokes.

Later on, a pouting Betty tells Henry her children don't love her. Whether
that's a fabrication to get pity from her husband or not, it's a reminder that
Betty and Don were, at one point, a manipulative and narcissistic match made in
heaven.

EVERYBODY ELSE

HARRY: The irascible, whiney media guy might finally get his way with something
- although Jim Cutler's passing Harry's request off as his own idea. Harry is
the perfect example of someone who's good at his job, but awful to work with
thanks to his anxiety and neuroses. Roger needs to pass him some of whatever
he's smoking these days.

ROGER: Did he finally accept Don's olive branch because it's good for business
or simply in the spirit of peace and love? Let's not get too carried away here.
He might be a little more boho these days, but Roger's still Roger. It was
probably a combination of recognizing that Don is better at his job than Lou,
and the fact that he misses his friend.

JOAN: Her remark that Don might not fit into the new SC&P was jarring at first,
but actually made sense. Joan has been sick of Don's antics since he killed the
Jaguar account. She might warm back up to him eventually, but it'll be tough now
that she's getting along so well with the newer partners.

PEGGY: Yup, still miserable. We can't really blame her after she learns that her

 Rosemary's Baby-inspired commercial was pulled from the running for the Clios
at the last minute. (Lou says it was Jim's call, but he's clearly lying.) And
that ad spot was one of Ted's favorites, making it sting even more, I'm sure.
She just didn't have to take it out on Don the way she did.

LOU: Also still miserable, but without a clear motive for being that way - until
Don shows up, that is. Hopefully soon his character will get some depth, because
as it is, he's more annoying than Duck Phillips and Pete Campbell combined.

Previous Mad Men recaps:

New Mad Men Season Gets Off to an Angsty Start

Mad Men 702: Dawn and Sally Take All


LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 23, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

God Save the British Election

Mary McGrory

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. C01; MARY MCGRORY

LENGTH: 833 words


I am with Robert Browning, who wrote, "Oh, to be in England now that April's
there."

He was talking spring. I am talking elections -- Britain's is just getting
underway. Spring is one thing that Washington does perfectly. We are awash in
tender green shoots and delicate blossoms. But Washington, as we are reminded
every day, does elections abominably. Those who say there has to be a better way
are right. England's way.

At a St. Patrick's Day lunch here, British Ambassador Sir John Kerr introduced
scores of British and Irish politicians, who described for the American audience
the joys of the short campaign and the strict limits on expenditures. Michael
Ancram, the minister for Northern Ireland, explained to open-mouthed
journalists, that as a candidate for re-election to Parliament, he cannot spend
more than the equivalent of $ 14,000, buy any television time or advertise his
candidacy on television. The lore in Washington is that those who spent a
million dollars for a seat in our House are much likelier to succeed than those
who don't.

The British do not allow their national campaigns to run more than six weeks.
Although they put no cap on collecting corporate funds and there are no laws
requiring disclosure of contributors, campaigns don't consume huge sums of money
either. Britain is geared to low-tech means for conveying political messages.
Billboards, those relics of the horse-and-buggy era, are a big item, and Labor
candidate Tony Blair has been criticized for hogging them.

The parties also do a great deal of direct mail and door knocking, but British
voters are spared our stomach-turning negative ads. This year, Tories are
raising eyebrows with an ad that is considered a vigorous assault on Labor's
Blair. Over a caption that says, "New Labour, New Danger" it shows a masked
Blair grinning maniacally, supposedly in anticipation of devouring voters who
were initially suspicious of him. It's a far cry from the infamous Willie Horton
ad that so wounded Michael Dukakis.

Sen. Max W. Cleland (D-Ga.) who spent $ 3.5 million to defeat a rival who spent
$ 10 million, is much drawn to the British way. A member of the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee, which is investigating the campaign financing
scandals, Cleland anticipates that the public is about to hear things about its
politicians "that will make us throw up." And he anticipates a sharp jump in
shadiness with an increase of the "independent expenditures," that dodge whereby
a bunch of millionaires in Wyoming can form a committee calling itself "Friends
of Georgia" and pour unlimited funds into Georgia's politics. A recent court
decision held that the sky is the limit in such cases, as long as there is no
contaminating contact with a candidate.

Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan (D-N.Y.), the Senate's leading -- and come to think
of it, only -- intellectual, says we can envy the British system, but we cannot
emulate it. The British, he points out, do not have a legislature like ours.
(Nor do they vote directly for their prime minister.) Under the parliamentary
form, all members of each party vote the party line.

"It sounds idyllic," he observes, "but there are 24 bars in Westminster -- there
is nothing else for members of Parliament to do but drink."

The British elections are called at the pleasure of the prime minister. We, of
course, have fixed elections, every two and four years. We are stuck, therefore,
with permanent campaigns. Any interference with them would involve infringement
of First Amendment free speech rights. We have raised among us a breed that
could be called compulsive campaigners. Prime exhibit: the president of the
United States. How else to explain his recent decision to turn down, at least
for now, a revision in the Consumer Price Index, an adjustment that could help
stabilize Medicare?

Clinton is forbidden by law to seek another term in office, but based on that
decision, you might not think so. Asked why he would reject a solution that
unblocks other solutions, people explain feebly that the American Association of
Retired Persons wouldn't like it. That should be of no consequence to him now.
Or maybe he was trying to do a good turn for his vice president, Al Gore, who
was lately exposed as a demon fund-raiser and whose potential rival, Rep. Dick
Gephardt, (D-Mo.) is against the revision. The point is the same: campaign
considerations impede the orderly conduct of public business.

Moynihan says that if we can't adopt the kinder, gentler British system, we
jolly well better come up with one of our own.

There is stiff resistance to the modest reforms of the McCain-Feingold campaign
finance bill. At least it would give free television time to candidates. The
excesses of the Clinton fund-raising team can be directly traced to the year of
television commercials dictated by Dick Morris, the scoundrel who is now
moralizing on talk shows. Too bad we can't pass laws that would save a president
from himself.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              122 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Making the Case;
Reunion show brings together Southtowns classmates

BYLINE: By SEAMUS GALLIVAN - Special to The News

SECTION: GUSTO; Pg. G29

LENGTH: 638 words


Peter Case is not one to sit still, musically or literally.

More than three decades after he dropped out of high school and hitchhiked from
Hamburg to San Francisco, Case continues to live in a state of constant
redefining and roots rummaging. These days, that means opening his latest album,
a Vanguard retrospective released last year, with "Wake Up Call," a new,
scathing social commentary set to the power-pop style he helped define. But in
the late '60s, his outside-the-box musical leanings helped carve a remarkable
legacy for a handful of determined Southtowns schoolmates.

Tonight at the Sportsmen's Tavern, the ringleader returns.

If the show were billed as the reunion of the Whaling Bemish or Pig Nation, it'd
be a chirping-cricket happy hour. But the members of those Hamburg high school
garage bands -- Case, Jim Whitford, Mark Winsick and Mike Bannister -- have each
gone on to remarkable careers. And if they'd ever cut a record, it would surely
have been produced by their can-kicking cohort, Gurf Morlix.

"I met Winsick in third grade, Whitford in sixth, Gurf when I was about 10, and
we were all playing in working bands by the time we were 15," Case recalled from
his home in Santa Monica, Calif. "We had a common goal of breaking into music."

"Peter was the first guy I knew who was writing songs," remembered Whitford. "He
got me paying more attention to stuff out of the mainstream, like Dylan and the
Band -- whom I knew but didn't appeal to my teenage hormone level," he added.
"He was really interested in the source or grit of things."

"He was singing along to Howlin' Wolf songs when his voice hadn't even changed
yet," marveled Morlix from his home in Austin, Texas. "He was pretty
precocious."

After thumbing his way West, Case played and lived on San Francisco streets for
a few years, and jumped in with the burgeoning West Coast punk scene. From the
mid-'70s to early '80s, his bands the Nerves and the Plimsouls, the latter
featuring Bannister (who now lives in Arizona) on drums, fused punk aggression
with a greater sense of melody and songcraft and became a cult favorite. Morlix
eventually joined the band on pedal steel, and on Bannister's advice to check
out another artist he was working with, sparked the momentous decadelong pairing
with Lucinda Williams that put both Williams and Morlix on the frontline of
performers and producers in Americana music.

Whitford and Winsick have become luminaries in Western New York music, the
former a multi-instrumental master, quintessential sideman, and vastly
underrated songwriter, and the latter a searing blues guitarist who fronts his
own stellar band.

Case went solo after the Plimsouls disbanded, earning two Grammy nominations and
coining new styles with names like "tribal folk," "Celti-billy," and
"worldicana" to fit his long-winded and winding tales of those walking the
"Crooked Mile." For some characters in his portraits of the flawed, crooked
reflects the defiance of his blue-collar, rolling stone ideology -- for others
shadiness or apathy. From stories to melodies to arrangements, his music is
still marked by an unyielding sense of adventure.

The Sportsmen's show, inspired by an impromptu jam there last year, kicks off an
otherwise solo October run through the Northeast for Case, before he hits Europe
in November. The reunited band, which will also be joined by drummer Rob Lynch,
will balance originals from Case and Whitford with some of their favorite covers
in what's as close to a true homecoming as Case will ever have.

"I'm a ramblin' man," he said. "I consider home to be Buffalo, San Francisco and
L.A., and I love them all, but I gotta see what's goin' on over the hill."

PREVIEW

WHO: Peter Case with Mark Winsick, Jim Whitford and Rob Lynch

WHEN: 9:30 tonight

WHERE: Sportsmen's Tavern, 326 Amherst St.

TICKETS: Free

INFO: 874-7734

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Derek Gee/Buffalo News Peter Case returns to Western New York with
music marked by a sense of adventure.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              123 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          December 27, 2006 Wednesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Pins for Obama's balloon

BYLINE: By Clarence Page

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 594 words


Did you know that Sen. Barack Obama's middle name is Hussein? If he decides to
run for president, you can be sure quite a few people will be reminding you of
it.

It's funny how much people don't know about the Illinois Democrat, even as he
rides a wave of rapturous news coverage. Santa Claus could hardly have drawn
more excited crowds than those that turned out for Obama in New Hampshire.
Almost no reporter seems to be able get through an entire Obama story without
using the phrase "rock star."

Despite his brief Senate experience, he's the only Democratic hopeful who is
waging a serious challenge to Sen. Hillary Clinton in the polls. Yet hardly
anyone knows much about him. A hefty 40 percent of the Democrats surveyed in the
latest Los Angeles Times/ Bloomberg poll said they did not know enough about him
to have an opinion on him.

Remarkably, that seems to work in his favor. People see in him what they want to
see in a presidential candidate.

Candidate McDreamy's balloon has left potential foes so little to puncture that
some have begun to pick on his middle name. Republican consultant Ed Rogers'
frustration was showing in the way he emphasized Obama's middle name on MSNBC's
"Hardball": "Count me as someone who underestimates Barack Hussein Obama."
Conservative radio windbag Rush Limbaugh similarly delights in mocking Obama's
full name. He even posted a caricature on his Web site of Obama with huge floppy
ears and the title "Barack Hussein Odumbo."

For the record, Obama's middle name comes from his Muslim grandfather, a Kenyan
farmer, and his father, a Kenyan government economist. And, to put the anxieties
of Islamophobic bloggers to rest, Obama is a member of Chicago's Trinity United
Church of Christ. In advertising terms, diversity is his brand.

So, in New Hampshire and in a recent meeting with the Chicago Tribune editorial
board, he joked about the middle-name thing with just the right tone: astute,
self-deprecating humor. His middle name is no big deal, he says, "when you are
already starting with 'Barack Obama.' "

The H-for-Hussein bomb is probably a love tap compared to what's in store if he
decides to run for president. He knows. Obama has been in Chicago long enough to
know that politics is not a pillow fight.

We know from his autobiography "Dreams From My Father," that he tried marijuana
and cocaine in his wayward youth, a refreshingly straightforward and revealing
contrast to President Bush, who dodged probing drug questions as a candidate,
and President Bill Clinton, who never inhaled.

Obama's candor also has been his best defense against his only connection to
scandal so far. He acknowledged in the Tribune meeting that "it was stupid" and
"boneheaded" of him to purchase a strip of property a year ago that adjoined his
$1.65 million home from Antoin "Tony" Rezko, a political insider and fundraiser.
Rezko has since pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to extort campaign
donations and kickbacks from firms seeking state business.

Obama is not accused of wrongdoing, just stupidity, as he says, for letting
himself be associated with even the appearance of shadiness.

As Chicago scandals go, that would be small potatoes for Obama were he not the
nationally adored embodiment of the audacious hope that his book's title touts.
As a practical matter, the Rezko flap is not likely to hurt him in a race
against Hillary Clinton, who had a questionable land deal called "Whitewater" in
her own past. But if anyone else is looking for attack ad material, they'll grab
whatever mud they can find.

Tribune Media Services

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 1, 2012 Wednesday

Nu Skin money heads up Romney super PAC disclosure

BYLINE: Eric Schulzke Deseret News

LENGTH: 478 words


Nine donations of $1 million each headline the latest donor disclosure for Mitt
Romney's Restoring our Future super PAC. Leading the way were two $1 million
dollar chunks linked to a Nu Skin founder. The list was submitted Tuesday night
after Romney had given his Florida victory speech and just before the midnight
filing deadline.

On Sunday, we covered the rise of the super PAC phenomenon, emphasizing how
efforts to control money without undermining free speech had perversely driven
money into a free-fire zone lying outside candidate and party control. Now T.W.
Farnum in The Washington Post lays out the names and numbers for the past six
months. Of the $17.9 million raised by the pro-Romney PAC in the past six
months, nine donations came in chunks of $1 million each. Several of these
coming from east coast investors, including hedge fund managers. Two of the
seven-figure donations were from two companies in Provo: F8 LLC and Eli
Publishing. A Washington Post article from September has already done the work
on unpacking these, as both entities made identical donations. According to the
Post, Eli Publishing is a company owned by Steve Lund, who is an executive at
Nuskin, a multi-level marketing company based in Provo. F8 LLC, meanwhile, is a
company which lists as its agent Jeremy Blickenstaff, who the Post says is
Lund's son-in-law, and the owner of Blickenstaff's toy store in Provo. The Post
logically concludes that both donations are in actuality from Steve Lund. This
is the second time that the Lund-linked entities gave $1 million each to Restore
our Future, having done the same in the first half of the year. The other seven
million-dollar donors are ... Bob Perry, Houston Texas   Edward Conard, New York
John Paulson, New York  Julian Robertson, New York  Paul Singer, New York
Robert Mercer, New York  Rooney Holdings, Oklahoma  Other large donors to
Restore our Future included Bill Koch, one of the famous Koch brothers, a
libertarian philanthropist and oil tycoon. His donation was split between
$250,000 given personally and $750,000 from Oxbow Carbon, one of his companies.
Also of note are four $250,000 donations from subsidiaries of a company founded
by Frank VanderSloot, an Idaho multi-level marketing businessman. The donations
by Koch and VanderSloot make them $1 million donors, too. Many of these
donations highlight a curious pattern, namely the use of corporate facades to
hide individual donations. In fact, it is hard to find any real corporate
fingerprints in this list. Nearly all seemingly corporate donations can be
broken down to an individual behind them. As all this does is drag out the game
of deduction and create an aura of shadiness around it, one has to question of
the point of the subterfuge. Eric Schulzke writes on national politics for the
Deseret News. He can be contacted at eschulzke@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              125 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

OPINION: Trump's claims of media bias often come from coverage, not errors

BYLINE: Bob Zaltsberg, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 819 words


Aug. 15--USA Today, the Washington Post, the New York Times, MSNBC and Politico
have something in common.

All received Donald Trump "Media Bias of the Day" designation in the past two
weeks.

His campaign sends them out by email. Here's the first one from Aug. 3:

"Another day, another edition of The New York Times with two negative Trump
stories and zero negative Clinton stories on the front page.

"No front page mentions of the $400M worth of payments to Iran, no front page
mentions of Clinton's continuing national security email scandal and no front
page mentions of the Clinton Foundation shadiness that we've been learning more
about this week.

"With many in the media continuing to do everything in their power to publish
anti-Trump articles on their front pages while suppressing anti-Clinton stories,
the Trump campaign is going to begin calling out biased and unfair coverage.
..."

The email included Times front pages from Aug. 2 and Aug. 3 that had headlines
circled in yellow with a big red "Media Bias" stamp across them:

"McCain rebukes Trump for clash with G.I.'s family" and "Seemingly fit, Trump
avoided Vietnam Draft" (Aug. 2)

"Trump snipes at Republicans after rebukes" and "Obama urges G.O.P. leaders to
snub Trump" (Aug. 3)

My take on this: When you can't find anything incorrect in the stories, just
complain that they were written at all.

On Aug. 4, the "Media Bias of the Day" started: "For seemingly no apparent
reason, MSNBC today decided to cut away from Mr. Trump's rally in Portland, ME,
and inexplicably filled the screen with anti-Trump headlines. As you can see
from the screenshot below, MSNBC dropped any sense of impartiality today and
went into full-blown, apoplectic attack mode."

A screenshot showed quotes from the Washington Post, Los Angeles Times, NPR and
BuzzFeedNews. All their stories were about the panic rising among mainstream
Republican leaders about the growing number of incidents involving Trump.

My take: It's not "inexplicable" for a news outlet to move from one story --
like coverage of a Trump rally to a story in which the GOP mainstream is
criticizing Trump.

On Aug. 5, it was the Washington Post's turn, specifically the Post's website.

"... today's online edition of the Post doesn't even try to hide the fact that
they are essentially a propaganda arm for Hillary Clinton and her campaign. The
Washington Post homepage is stacked with anti-Trump news stories along the
left-hand side and then the Opinion section starts off with four consecutive
attacks on Mr. Trump. ... it's clear that a conscious decision has been made by
the owners and editors of the Washington Post to go all-in for Hillary."

My take: Again, no criticism of what the stories say, just that they are being
reported. The charge that the Post's owners and editors are "all-in" for Hillary
is not based on anything other than what he sees as negative coverage.

USA Today was targeted Aug. 6:

"A USA Today writer either failed to do thorough research or has completely
ignored facts that would have exposed her false claims. The article ... attempts
to mischaracterize Donald Trump by listing a certain falsehood that has already
been discredited. The nonsensical line in the article accuses Mr. Trump of
kicking out a baby at a rally. Even Katy Tur of NBC, who was at the event, gave
an on-air recount of the exchange, debunking any claims of Mr. Trump kicking
anybody out of the rally."

My take: Tur said Trump's suggestion to get the baby out of the rally was
clearly meant as a joke. Media outlets should be careful not to overreact and
make an issue when none is there, as in this case.

Politico was up Aug. 8:

"It looks like Politico couldn't help themselves again, this time plastering
their homepage with anti-Trump stories. Mr. Trump today gave a highly
anticipated speech in Detroit to introduce his economic plan that will lower
taxes and bring jobs back to America. Yet, Politico has decided that unbiased
reporting on Mr. Trump's policies do not warrant a spot on their homepage. That
is usually par for the course, as Politico operates with a click-bait model that
places a premium on sensational stories and pushing an anti-conservative
viewpoint. ..."

My take: Trump doesn't like Politico.

Not surprisingly as a small Midwestern newspaper, the H-T has escaped Trump's
wrath. But as I was finishing this column a reader called to complain that the
H-T always paints Trump and Republicans negatively and never does so with
Hillary Clinton.

I don't agree. But she's not going to like this column, which isn't the first
time I've offered a negative opinion about Trump on the opinion page of the
paper.

Reasons for negative comments keep coming and members of the press keep
reporting about them. It's what we do, like it or not.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160815-BM-OPINION-Trump-s-claims-of-media-bias-often-come-from-coverage-not-er
rors-0815-20160815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              126 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

EYES EYES ONTHE ONTHE PRIZE PRIZE;
Ireland's bid to host rugby's World Cup will come down to one thing - money,
writes Denis Walsh

BYLINE: Denis Walsh

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 881 words


After the photoshoot and the cheerleading and the bullet-point, bullet-proof
summary of Ireland's World Cup bid comes the hairy reality. This will not be
decided by Ireland's easily argued suitability as a venue or the attractiveness
of a cross-border pitch or the "narrative" that Ireland can build around the
bid, as the IRFU's chief executive, Philip Browne, put it: the outcome hinges on
money and politics.

World Rugby, as the IRB is now known, can't afford the World Cup to fail. It is
a nonnegotiable, commercial imperative. World Rugby's financial model is very
simple: 96% of its income comes from this single source. Between one tournament
and the next that pot services the world game.

Before the 2011 tournament the pressure on that income stream intensified
considerably. Following a chorus of complaints from rugby's top nations about
their loss of revenue in a World Cup year - the Rugby Championship suffers in
the southern hemisphere, the November Series disappears in the northern
hemisphere - it was agreed to increase the World Cup dividend for the tier-one
nations from £4.5 million to £7.5 million. Those enhanced payments started last
year, staggered over a four-year period.

In that context, awarding the 2015 tournament to England was a safe bet. England
and France are rugby's two most lucrative broadcast markets and half of the
income from rugby World Cups is generated by broadcast rights. Because of the
massive indigenous audience for the game in England and the comparative ease of
access for travelling supporters, ticket sales will be exceptionally strong but
World Rugby are not especially concerned about that. Profits from ticket sales
stay with the host country: television money and the fee imposed on the host
nation are the key numbers for World Rugby.

They have taken a punt on Japan for the 2019 tournament which means that for
2023 they simply won't take a risk. The USA is expected to make a pitch but that
will probably be a marker bid; Italy came within three votes of winning the
right to host the 2015 tournament but that doesn't mean they'll start as second
favourites this time.

Ireland's biggest rivals for the tournament will be South Africa. They are in
the optimal time zone for European broadcast partners, they have successfully
hosted the tournament before but haven't done so since 1995, an awfully long
time for one of rugby's superpowers.

At this point boardroom politics takes over. Unlike the selection processes for
soccer's World Cup and the Olympics there has never been any suggestion of
corruption or shadiness in rugby's bidding mechanism but there is still a
serious element of diplomacy and horse trading.

How the system works is that the Rugby World Cup board will make a
recommendation but the World Rugby Council will ultimately make the decision and
all of the bidding nations will make their pitch to this body, regardless of
which bid has been recommended. There are 26 votes to play for with 16 of those
votes concentrated in the hands of rugby's royal families: the original Five
Nations plus the old Tri Nations.

South Africa pitched for the 2011 tournament and were narrowly beaten. The story
that circulated later was that they had expected Ireland's support in the voting
and were extremely disappointed not to have received it.

That environment, though, is a bear-pit. What does it take to win? Whatever it
takes. For the 2007 tournament, for example, France secured the votes of
Scotland and Wales by promising them some matches in the tournament. One crazy
outcome of that deal was that the host nation ending up playing a quarter-final
against New Zealand in Cardiff because they had unexpectedly failed to win their
own pool.

As things stand Ireland are not in the market for partners. From a spectator
viewpoint there is a strong history of selfcontained tournaments being the most
successful events. Australia in 2003 is a classic example (after they jilted New
Zealand as a bid partner comparatively late in the piece) and the most recent
tournament in New Zealand is another.

But that brings us back to the original point. Ireland's suitability as a venue
is not the issue: it's about money and it's about votes. From Ireland's point of
view the seed capital for this bid is in place with the support of the Irish
government and the Northern Ireland Executive. Browne said that World Rugby are
likely to place a levy of £100 million on the host nation for 2023 but it
wouldn't be a surprise if that figure swelled to £120 million.

Once the tournament fee has been paid (by the governments) and the stadium
redevelopments completed (again underwritten by substantial state funding on
both sides of the border) Browne expects the tournament to "wash its face" from
an IRFU perspective.

The New Zealand Rugby Union were stung for NZ$10 million ((EURO)6.3m) after the
last tournament, with the New Zealand government picking up the rest of the tab,
NZ$21.3 million ((EURO)13.4m). But the number of travelling supporters was put
at 133,000, about a third of the number projected for a World Cup in Ireland.
Those extra tickets sales would pick up the slack for the IRFU.

We're getting ahead of ourselves. For now, if is miles ahead of when.

THIS BID WILL NOT BE DECIDED BY IRELAND'S EASILY ARGUED SUITABILITY AS A VENUE

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cup of dreams: Richie McCaw lifts the Webb Ellis Cup after hosts New
Zealand beat France; inset, An Taoiseach Enda Kenny, left, and ex-international
Hugo MacNeill announce Ireland's intention to bid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind., Jerry Davich column

BYLINE: Jerry Davich, Post-Tribune, Merrillville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


Jan. 26--Tony Zale's toughest fights in life didn't come inside the boxing ring.

The soft-spoken Polish steelworker from Gary is a boxing legend, called one of
the 100 greatest punchers of all time, according to Ring Magazine. His record
was 67 wins (45 knockouts), 18 losses (five by knockout) and two draws.

The "Man of Steel" was a two-time world middleweight champion, best remembered
for his three bouts over a 21-month period with Rocky Graziano for the crown.
These fights were the most brutal middleweight championship matches of all time
and, as a kid, I remember my father telling me so.

"Tony had the strongest body punches ever in boxing," he would tell me with a
playful jab to my midsection.

Zale, who was painfully shy, became famous for punishing his opponents before
wearing them down for a hard-fought victory. He was one tough SOB in the ring.

"But that's not who Tony Zale really was," said his nephew, Ted Zale, who spoke
with me on my recent radio show.

In 1987, a decade before he died, Tony asked Ted to write a book on his life.
They started talking and then started taking notes, from his early days in Gary
to his later years in Portage.

The book, "The Man of Steel," has just been released, a collaboration between
Ted, his famous uncle, and boxing historian Clay Moyle. The handsome hard-cover
book features 490 pages, 400 photos and many personal behind-the-scene stories
about Tony, the man, as well as Tony, the boxer.

"It was four-and-a-half years in the making," Ted told me from his home in
Lansing, Mich. (Listen to that radio show interview here:
http://lakeshorepublicmedia.org/local-programs/casual-fridays/.)

Born in 1913 as Anthony Florian Zaleski, Tony changed his name so his mother
wouldn't know he was boxing for a living. Back then, being a steelworker was the
path that most Gary kids took. You worked the mills. You didn't work your
opponent's body, like how Zale became distinguished.

In his 1947 rematch with Graziano, amid a steaming Chicago Stadium packed with
18,000 fans, Graziano's eyes were nearly closed shut from Zale's relentless
blows. But Graziano's corner-man trainer cut his eyelids to give him enough
vision to face Zale. He finally knocked out Zale in the sixth round to win the
middleweight title.

I'm told that you could hear the entire city of Gary moan and sigh when he went
down.

As legend goes, Graziano grabbed the ring's microphone after he won the fight
and told his mother, "Somebody up there likes me." That memorable line led to
the 1956 movie about his life, portrayed by screen legend Paul Newman. Zale
helped make the film, for authenticity, but he knocked out Newman during
pre-shooting sparring. Oops.

(You can watch Zale in action inside the boxing ring here:
www.tonyzale.org/fight-history.html.)

Zale remained a publicly reserved and deeply private man, quietly returning to
his blue-collar life after his stellar boxing career. He still epitomizes the
best of boxing, without all the hype and shadiness that surrounds the sport
today.

"Tony Zale was one of the nicest men I ever met, and one of the toughest
fighters I ever saw," boxing historian Bert Sugar told media after Zale's death
in 1997.

Zale battled Parkinson's disease and other ailments before he died at age 82.
His message throughout remained the same: "Keep kids off the street and in the
ring."

After their three unforgettable bouts, Graziano often joked that he feared Zale
more than any other boxer. He'd wake up in cold sweats recalling the pain that
Zale inflicted. Outside the ring, Zale felt pain, too, most notably by not being
allowed to be with his children from his first marriage.

After getting divorced, he later remarried and moved on the best he could. But
those repeated blows to his wellbeing never fully healed.

"Like the subtitle of the book says, his toughest battles weren't fought inside
the ring," said Ted, who recently traveled to Chicago to make a presentation to
the Polish National Alliance.

There, he presented a copy of the book to its president, a dream-come-true
considering the organization was near and dear to his uncle's heart. Zale never
forgot his roots, his hometown and his priorities, which makes the book a real
page-turner. Especially if you're from Gary, as I am.

I just completed a story on Zale for my upcoming book, "Lost Gary," and I
learned how legendary he became to the city and its residents. They hailed him a
champion for all time. Many old-timers still do. I'm sure Zale never considered
this while throwing all those punches as a younger man. But, hopefully, he did
as an older man.

In 1985, he wrote a letter to the editor of the Chicago Tribune regarding a July
14 story on boxing and a quote attributed to him. In the story, he was misquoted
as calling his second wife, Philomena, a "motor mouth."

Zale felt compelled to set the record straight.

"What I said is mighty mouth," Zale wrote in his letter. "That is a big
difference! Our feelings have been hurt, as mighty mouth is an endearing and
loving expression between us."

This, too, was Tony Zale.

Connect with Jerry via email, at jdavich@post-trib.com, voice mail, at 713-7237,
or Facebook, Twitter, and his blog, at jerrydavich.wordpress.com.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Tribune (Merrillville, Ind.) Visit the Post-Tribune
(Merrillville, Ind.) at www.posttrib.chicagotribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150126-GA-Post-Tribune-Merrillville-Ind-Jerry-Davich-column-0126-20150126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GA


                                 Copyright 2015


                              128 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2008 Friday

OPINION: Lucia de Vernai: The Illinois way to pay for Christmas

BYLINE: Lucia de Vernai, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 585 words


Dec. 12--Holidays are always a strain on the family checkbook, and most of us
have to get creative to make sure the slow economy doesn't keep Santa down.
Going to the extremes to make ends meet seems to be a national trend as banks
line up for government handouts. If you're thinking you can get the feds to
cover the hole in your pocket left by Guitar Hero and Twilight memorabilia, keep
in mind that the guys ahead of you, namely General Motors, need $14 billion to
make it to the end of the month. So it's time to find a Plan B.

That's probably what Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich was thinking as he prepared
to sell President-elect Barack Obama's now-empty seat in the U.S. Senate to the
highest bidder. Holiday surprises came early for Blagojevich, however, when
federal agents arrested him and his chief of staff on Tuesday morning. Next to a
lump of coal, daddy getting dragged off by federal agents at 6:15 in the morning
is a very close second. Apparently Blagojevich missed the memo.

The 76-page affidavit that lists these allegations has been called
"breathtaking" by U.S. Attorney General Patrick Fitzgerald, despite the fact
that it did not come with a bow on top. What it certainly did contain were
details of how the governor planned to turn Obama's seat into an ambassadorship
or a high-paying job with the unions as well as secure his wife a corporate
board position bound to fetch $150,000 a year.

The governor was willing to take the position himself if the right buyer didn't
come along. Thankfully the five-year-long investigation culminated with a
high-quality audio wiretap that, along with other crimes the governor stands
accused of (campaign fund, appointment-related shadiness and such) is bound to
make his predecessor, currently serving a six-year prison term for similar
activities, look like an amateur.

According to the indictment, Blagojevich's motivation was his concern with his
family's financial situation. It's going to be a tough one for sure if
Blagojevich, celebrating his 52nd birthday this week, leaves his young family
for the decked halls of a federal penitentiary. As a response to the arrest, the
other famous Chicago family man, Obama, covered his own assets stating that he
was "saddened and sobered" by the events but also that he "had no contact with
the governor or his office and so I was not aware of what was happening."

At the request of the U.S. attorney's office, newspapers agreed to not publish
certain details of the case to speed up the investigation (which may explain the
suspicious absence of a 20-year-old hooker in this scandal.) The extent of
corruption runs far and wide, affecting everything from Chicago's "green"
highway lanes to Wrigley Park ownership, and is bound to keep the Land of
Lincoln incessantly occupied for months to come.

For the rest of the nation awaiting a new administration to take office, it
reminds us that we need to be on guard against abuses of power -- most wonderful
time of the year or not.

Lucia de Vernai is a columnist with North Star Writers Group. Comment on this
column at www.northstarwritersforum.com

To see more of the Corning Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.corning-observer.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Corning Observer, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20081212-YF-OPINION-Lucia-de-Vernai-The-Illinois-way-to-pay-for-Christmas-1212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                                 Copyright 2008


                              129 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                               September 9, 2003

SEXUAL CHEMISTRY ON SCREEN

BYLINE: DAVID LANCASTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.  23

LENGTH: 1732 words


According to Sir Anthony Hopkins, shortly to appear opposite Nicole Kidman in
The Human Stain, there's no such thing as on screen chemistry. He says: "You
know your lines, show up on time, do it and go home."

The California sun must have frazzled the Oscarwinning Welsh actor 's brain if
that's his view of a love scene with the sizzling Aussie actress. She plays a
young woman who falls for his elderly professor character.

The truth is that a major part of the enduring appeal of the cinema is the
physically vast canvas it offers an audience. No medium is so intimate and, when
the actors' faces are projected 10 feet high, we can tell when someone's faking
it. And we can tell when they're not.

The moment of real sexual tension between a man and a woman - that most basic of
human emotions, without language, cultural or any other barriers - can elevate
even a mediocre movie into a great one. As DAVID LANCASTER shows, in these 10
classic examples of on-screen electricity, the effect is mesmerising

HUMPHREY BOGART AND LAUREN BACALL IN TO HAVE AND HAVE NOT (1945)

CINEMA'S two greatest stars of on-screen sexuality? Probably, for when Bogart
and Bacall faced each other, the sparks flew in every direction.

The reason for this is almost impossible to give but they surely disprove
Hopkins' theory - with these two, it was all on-screen chemistry.

Neither were the greatest actors of their time. Their ranges were limited,
especially his, and at his worst Bogie would walk through a role while Bacall
would pout through hers. But in To Have And Have Not, the first studio pairing
of the two, we see just what an electrifying effect two stars can have on an
audience.

The couple, who later married and remained so until Bogart's death, make it
clear in this film that the evident passion between them is almost at bursting
point. They flirt, they stare, they brood. In some ways, the movie is a mere
backdrop to this ohso-compelling spectacle.

GEORGE CLOONEY AND JENNIFER LOPEZ IN OUT OF SIGHT (1998)

BASED on the novel by crime writer Elmore Leonard, Out Of Sight put Clooney and
Lopez on the map - and rightly so. A raucous tale of cops and robbers, hostages
and double dealing, it takes its time getting the two stars together. When it
does, it shows a panache, maturity and eroticism which many movies strive for
but few attain.

The climax between them occurs when Lopez, playing an FBI agent, tracks down
career criminal Clooney.

What unfolds gives the story its dramatic punch and invests the actors'
performances with a sexual urge which is fulfilled, but with a sense of deep
frustration that their romance can't be.

The locations - California, Louisiana and Florida - provide the perfect backdrop
for a very modern take on a classic theme - which goes right back to
Shakespeare's Romeo And Juliet - of a love that transcends barriers.

KATHLEEN TURNER AND WILLIAM HURT IN BODY HEAT (1981)

ON-SCREEN chemistry between male and female leads can put a film into one of two
camps: those whose stars never quite take the plunge and those whose characters
do. One of the latter is Body Heat.

Hurt plays a Florida lawyer who hooks up with the bored, lonely Turner.

Soon, his shadiness, their passion and her husband's money offer the solution to
their problems - get rid of the husband. Body Heat was Kathleen Turner's debut,
and a brilliant one, too.

Her and Hurt's performances crackle with sexual frustration, plausibility and a
real sense of being drawn into their dark plottings. Such is the skill of the
two leads that you come close to believing their mad scheme is perhaps a rather
neat one after all.

An uncredited remake of the classic Double Indemnity, it keeps the sense of
foreboding of the original but less strict censorship allows it to make the most
of the passion which leads to the crime.

STEVE McQUEEN AND FAYE DUNAWAY IN THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR (1968)

THE recent remake with Pierce Brosnan, reprising McQueen's role as the wealthy
master thief, had all the style of the original, certainly, but little of the
on-screen chemistry. But, then, few expected that of the original.

McQueen was playing against type as the ubersophisticated Thomas Crown, rather
than the action hero. Faye Dunaway had just starred as the sassy girl from the
wrong side of the tracks in Bonnie And Clyde, a long way from the coutured
insurance investigator in The Thomas Crown Affair.

As with all great on-screen romances, however, something clicks. Here, what
clicks is two people who, despite themselves, fall for each other.

She entraps him to help recoup the insurance money for her boss; he knows
something's up from the first but can't resist the bait. The result? A movie
full of subtle bluffs and double-bluffs but with a seam of sexual attraction
that sees them both risk it all. This endows the film with one of cinema's
coolest seduction scenes, played out over a game of chess - a game, it is soon
clear, which very rapidly plays second fiddle to the real game in hand.

RICHARD GERE AND JULIA ROBERTS IN PRETTY WOMAN (1990)

IN SOME ways, the great achievement of this film is to set up the two stars in a
sympathetic light. Previously, Gere had often played an dislikeable sexual
predator in films such as Looking For Mr Goodbar, while Roberts had displayed a
skill in light comedy.

Despite the unlikely story of a rich man hiring a prostitute for a week after
somehow driving into her workplace by mistake, Pretty Woman works brilliantly.

Is it the shopping, the money he showers on her, or her boots? Or is it that the
film plays on the deep-rooted fantasy of many men that they can, with the right
car and the right apartment, rescue a cute woman from the street?

It's probably all these things but it is a film you'll remember for its two
stars' charming performances, minus the dippiness of Roberts's other films or
the occasional seediness of Gere's.

CARY GRANT AND GRACE KELLY IN TO CATCH A THIEF (1955)

IF getting the sizzle factor between co-stars is largely about casting, then few
knew more about it than Alfred Hitchcock. Grace Kelly never seemed impressed by
much but then the old master cast Hollywood's super-suave gentleman Cary Grant
against her.

Yet it is Kelly who gets the better of their relationship - soon realising that
his onetime cat burglar, now retired, in some ways needs her more than she needs
him. Such is the basis of the film - it's almost nothing more nor less than a
neat, 90-minute study of two characters gradually giving into the inevitable.

Set against the stunning French Riviera, the dialogue simply bristles with their
power play. "Why should I steal? I'm rich." "Well, how did you get rich?" "By
stealing."

It is the beautifully observed stolen glances, the lingering looks, that mark
this film out. If only we could all fall in love in a sports car above the Med
like this!

SPENCER TRACY AND KATHARINE HEPBURN IN ADAM S RIB (1949)

IN LIFE, Tracy and Hepburn were one of Hollywood's major couples but they never
married.

And this lifelong sexual frisson is perfectly captured in Adam's Rib, a tale of
two lawyers representing opposite sides of a case.

The case is complex enough - centring on a woman who has shot her husband's
mistress - but what raises this above any other court drama is the constant
battle of the two stars through the offices of the law and against what is
clearly a smouldering, insistent urge to fall into each other's arms throughout
the trial.

They did sex on screen differently then: you won't find sultry scenes of passion
here, nor even the dark magic that exists between Bogart and Bacall.

However, it is superbly observed, wittily scripted and - as one critic put it -
"the ultimate battle of the sexes: between two married lawyers".

DONALD SUTHERLAND AND JULIE CHRISTIE IN DON T LOOK NOW (1973)

ON THE surface, this dark tale of phantoms and the loss of a child, set in a
wintry Venice, might not suggest one of cinema's most graphic portrayals of
loving intimacy between two people.

However, the atmosphere, cinematography and star performances make this one of
the true greats.

Sutherland and his wife Julie Christie give superbly measured performances. They
are man and wife - and far from being a pair of young lovers in the first throes
of passion and desire. But that only adds to the impact.

The build-up to the main love scene is beautifully paced and it is shot with
skill and not a little detachment.

However, the passion is there for all to see. Unhurried, caring and deeply
sexual, the couple's explicit lovemaking creates both a real erotic charge, and
a compelling display of two people, rediscovering their passions and feelings in
the most difficult of circumstances.

GREGORY PECK AND AUDREY HEPBURN IN ROMAN HOLIDAY (1953)

THERE are two love affairs in Roman Holiday: one between Gregory Peck and Audrey
Hepburn; the other, between the audience and the city of Rome itself - giving an
exotic backdrop to the story of a Princess escaping her minders and falling for
a newspaper man.

In truth, without either, the story is pedestrian. But Hepburn and Peck's
performances more than make up for it. He plays his basically good and decent,
slightly befuddled character with skill and restraint.

Against this, Hepburn offers us a sexy glimpse into the world of a cosseted
young girl beginning to explore her feelings for the first time. The tension is
palpable as she - and we, perhaps - come to wish that Peck wasn't such a good,
decent man after all.

PATRICK SWAYZE AND DEMI MOORE IN GHOST (1990)

GHOST is one of the most beguiling vehicles for onscreen chemistry ever shown.
The film helped us get to know that new breed of the time, too - the yuppie. And
it is after renovating their plush, New York loft apartment that for Sam and
Molly it all goes wrong: Sam is shot, and attempts to return as a ghost.

Intertwined in this unlikely story is a tale of passion, love and two stars on
their way up, sparking off each other with real panache.

Moore had yet to become the siren of later films and Swayze plays his role of
the confused, lost figure - longing to live the life of a married man - with
real heart.

Wouldn't most men, though - shot, and taken away so soon after getting married
to the young Demi Moore?

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              130 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 29, 2005 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

The Fast Rise and Steep Fall of Jack Abramoff;
How a Well-Connected Lobbyist Became the Center of a Far-Reaching Corruption
Scandal

BYLINE: Susan Schmidt and James V. Grimaldi, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 4101 words


Jack Abramoff liked to slip into dialogue from "The Godfather" as he led his
lobbying colleagues in planning their next conquest on Capitol Hill. In a
favorite bit, he would mimic an ice-cold Michael Corleone facing down a crooked
politician's demand for a cut of Mafia gambling profits: "Senator, you can have
my answer now if you like. My offer is this: nothing."

The playacting provided a clue to how Abramoff saw himself  --  the power behind
the scenes who directed millions of dollars in Indian gambling proceeds to
favored lawmakers, the puppet master who pulled the strings of officials in key
places, the businessman who was building an international casino empire.

Abramoff is the central figure in what could become the biggest congressional
corruption scandal in generations. Justice Department prosecutors are pressing
him and his lawyers to settle fraud and bribery allegations by the end of this
week, sources knowledgeable about the case said. Unless he reaches a plea deal,
he faces a trial Jan. 9 in Florida in a related fraud case.

A reconstruction of the lobbyist's rise and fall shows that he was an ingenious
dealmaker who hatched interlocking schemes that exploited the machinery of
government and trampled the norms of doing business in Washington  --  sometimes
for clients but more often to serve his desire for wealth and influence. This
inside account of Abramoff's career is drawn from interviews with government
officials and former associates in the lobbying shops of Preston Gates & Ellis
LLP and Greenberg Traurig LLP; thousands of court and government records; and
hundreds of e-mails obtained by The Washington Post, as well as those released
by Senate investigators.

Abramoff, now 47, had mammoth ambitions. He sought to build the biggest lobbying
portfolio in town. He opened two restaurants close to the Capitol. He bought a
fleet of casino boats. He produced two Hollywood movies. He leased four arena
and stadium skyboxes and dreamed of owning a pro sports team. He was a generous
patron in his Orthodox Jewish community, starting a boys' religious school in
Maryland.

For a time, all things seemed possible. Abramoff's brash style often clashed
with culturally conservative Washington, but many people were drawn to his moxie
and his money. He collected unprecedented sums  --  tens of millions of dollars
--  from casino-rich Indian tribes. Lawmakers and their aides packed his
restaurants and skyboxes and jetted off with him on golf trips to Scotland and
the Pacific island of Saipan.

Abramoff offered jobs and other favors to well-placed congressional staffers and
executive branch officials. He pushed his own associates for government
positions, from which they, too, could help him.

He was a man of contradictions. He presented himself as deeply religious, yet
his e-mails show that he blatantly deceived Indian tribes and did business with
people linked to the underworld. He had genuine inside connections but also
puffed himself up with phony claims about his access.

Abramoff's lobbying team was made up of Republicans and a few Democrats, most of
whom he had wined and dined when they were aides to powerful members of
Congress. They signed on for the camaraderie, the paycheck, the excitement.

"Everybody lost their minds," recalled a former congressional staffer who
lobbied with Abramoff at Preston Gates. "Jack was cutting deals all over town.
Staffers lost their loyalty to members  --  they were loyal to money."

A senior Preston Gates partner warned him to slow down or he would be "dead,
disgraced or in jail." Those within Abramoff's circle also saw the danger signs.
Their boss had become increasingly frenzied about money and flouted the rules.
"I'm sensing shadiness. I'll stop asking," one associate, Todd Boulanger,
e-mailed a colleague.

Abramoff declined to comment for this article. "I have advised my client not to
speak, except in court," said Neal Sonnett, one of his attorneys. A friend of
two decades, Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.), defended Abramoff: "I think he's
been dealt a bad hand and the worst, rawest deal I've ever seen in my life.
Words like bribery are being used to describe things that happened every day in
Washington and are not bribes."

Few of those interviewed would agree to be quoted on the record because of the
ongoing investigation by a Justice Department task force. But some who spoke on
the condition of anonymity said they look back in amazement at the heady days of
Abramoff's rise.

"We weren't outside the box," the former Preston Gates colleague said. "We were
outside the universe."

A quarter of a century ago, Abramoff and anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist were
fellow Young Turks of the Reagan revolution. They organized Massachusetts
college campuses in the 1980 election  --  Abramoff while he was an
undergraduate at Brandeis and Norquist at Harvard Business School  --  to help
Ronald Reagan pull an upset in the state.

They moved to Washington, maneuvered to take over the College Republicans  --
at the time a sleepy establishment organization  --  and transformed it into a
right-wing activist group. They were joined by Ralph Reed, an ambitious Georgian
whose later Christian conversion would fuel his rise to national political
prominence.

Soon they made headlines with such tactics as demolishing a mock Berlin Wall in
Lafayette Park, where they also burned a Soviet leader in effigy. "We want to
shock them," Abramoff told The Post at the time.

They forged lifelong ties. At Reagan's 72nd-birthday party at the White House,
Reed introduced Abramoff to his future wife, Pam Alexander, who was working with
Reed. She eventually converted to Judaism and embraced the Orthodox beliefs
Abramoff had adopted as a teenager.

Even in those early days, there were hints of the troubles to come. "If anyone
is not surprised at the rise and fall of Jack Abramoff, it is me," said Rich
Bond, a former chairman of the Republican National Committee.

Abramoff and his crew busted the College Republicans' budget with a 1982
national direct-mail fundraising campaign that ended up "a colossal flop," said
Bond, then deputy director of the party's national committee. He said he
banished the three from GOP headquarters, telling Abramoff: "You can't be
trusted."

Shortly thereafter, Abramoff was running Citizens for America, a conservative
grass-roots group founded by drugstore magnate Lewis E. Lehrman. Abramoff was in
frequent contact with Marine Lt. Col. Oliver L. North, the Reagan White House's
Iran-contra mastermind, about grass-roots efforts to lobby Congress for the
Nicaraguan contras, according to records in the National Security Archive.

One of Abramoff's most audacious adventures involved Jonas Savimbi, the Angolan
rebel leader who had U.S. support but was later found to have ordered the
murders of his movement's representative to the United States and that man's
relatives. With Savimbi, Abramoff organized a "convention" of anticommunist
guerrillas from Laos, Nicaragua and Afghanistan in a remote part of Angola.
Afterward, Lehrman fired Abramoff amid a dispute about the handling of the
group's $3 million budget.

Abramoff also worked on behalf of the apartheid South African government, which
secretly paid $1.5 million a year to the International Freedom Foundation, a
nonprofit group that Abramoff operated out of a townhouse in the 1980s,
according to sworn testimony to the South African Truth and Reconciliation
Commission.

At the same time, Abramoff dabbled as a Hollywood producer, shepherding an
anticommunist movie, "Red Scorpion," starring Dolph Lundgren, filmed in Namibia,
which was then ruled by South Africa. Actors in the film said they saw South
African soldiers on the set. When the film was released in 1989, anti-apartheid
groups demonstrated at the theaters. The movie ran into financial difficulty
during and after production, but Abramoff produced a sequel, "Red Scorpion 2."

When Republicans wrested control of the House from the Democrats in 1994,
Abramoff turned his focus back to Washington politics. With Norquist's help, he
reinvented himself as a Republican lobbyist on heavily Democratic K Street.
Norquist was one of the intellectual architects of the Republican Revolution and
a muse for its leader, Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.), soon to be speaker of the House.

Abramoff also counted on his father, who had a wealth of connections from his
days as president of the Diners Club credit card company. Frank Abramoff had
once looked into operating a casino in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana
Islands, U.S. territory that includes Saipan. He introduced his son around, and
the Marianas became one of the first important clients of the new lobbyist.

Soon the younger Abramoff developed a key alliance with Rep. Tom DeLay, a
conservative Republican from Texas who was working his way up in the House
leadership. The two met at a DeLay fundraiser on Capitol Hill in 1995, according
to a former senior DeLay aide. The aide recalled that Edwin A. Buckham, then
DeLay's chief of staff, told his boss: "We really need to work with Abramoff; he
is going to be an important lobbyist and fundraiser."

DeLay, a Christian conservative, did not quite know what to make of Abramoff,
who wore a beard and a yarmulke. They forged political ties, but the two men
never became personally close, according to associates of both men.

Almost from the start, Abramoff struck some rival lobbyists as a strange figure
who operated on the margins. He even turned up as a representative of the
Pakistani military when Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto went to Washington in 1995
to seek the return of $600 million the Islamabad government had paid for 28 F-16
fighters. The sale had been blocked by the U.S. government over concerns about
Pakistan's nuclear program.

Bhutto's Washington lobbyists were at the Pakistani Embassy savoring her
successful meeting with President Bill Clinton when a man in a suit made a
mysterious entrance.

"Suddenly, this portly guy steps in and sits down. He says nothing," recalled
one of the lobbyists. The Americans asked him to introduce himself. He folded
his arms and refused.

"Finally, he says, 'I am Jack Abramoff,' " recalled the lobbyist, a
well-connected Democrat. They had never heard of him. Abramoff explained that he
was "close to Newt."

The astonished lobbyists for Bhutto learned that Abramoff had traveled to
Islamabad and had sold his services to the Pakistani military without the prime
minister's knowledge.

In the Senate, Abramoff befriended Republicans and their staffers, along with
some Democrats on the appropriations committees. In August 1999, he signed up
for the National Republican Senatorial Committee's "Tartan Invitational," in
which a half-dozen Republican senators and their aides spent a few days with
about 50 lobbyists golfing at the exclusive St. Andrews Links in Scotland.

The following year, Abramoff figured out how to use his clients to fund his own
trips to St. Andrews with lawmakers. The first guests were DeLay and his aides.

With Norquist's help, Abramoff secured a spot on the transition team for the
Interior Department after George W. Bush was elected president in 2000. He tried
to place several officials in Interior, including an unsuccessful attempt to
land a former Marianas official in the top spot overseeing U.S. territories.

He was able to befriend J. Steven Griles, the deputy interior secretary, e-mails
and interviews show. By the summer of 2001, Abramoff was referring to him in an
e-mail to a client as "our guy Steve Griles." Federal investigators are now
looking into whether Griles interceded on behalf of Abramoff and improperly
discussed a job with the lobbyist while in a position to affect his clients.
Griles denied any wrongdoing in recent testimony to the Senate.

Abramoff's team also cultivated Roger Stillwell, the Marianas desk officer at
the Interior Department. In a recent interview, Stillwell said he accepted
dinners at Abramoff's restaurant, Signatures, and tickets to Washington Redskins
games. But he said that all those actions occurred while he was a contract
employee at Interior, not a federal worker. He also said he sent Abramoff copies
of e-mails he sent to his boss, but he noted that none of them contained
confidential information and that "there's nothing wrong with doing that."

Abramoff wallowed in his access, real and imagined. When his crack
administrative assistant Susan Ralston bolted for a position with White House
political adviser Karl Rove, Abramoff told colleagues he had gotten her the job
even though it was Ralston's old boss, Reed, who made it happen, her former
colleagues said.

Even glowing profiles in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal noting
Abramoff's extensive influence and impressive income were not enough. Abramoff
quietly paid op-ed columnists thousands of dollars to write favorably about his
clients, including one writer for Copley News Service who disclosed this month
that he had been paid for as many as two dozen columns since the mid-1990s.

Abramoff drove his colleagues hard, often e-mailing them late into the night.
Many more than doubled their Hill pay when they went to work with him, some
earning salaries of $200,000 to $300,000.

"He hired a bunch of white, middle-class Irish Catholic guys who wanted to
exceed their parents' expectations," said one of the young lobbyists who himself
fit that description. "He was always pushing, demanding. He would say, 'We are a
family, we will work 24 hours a day, we will win.' "

Team Abramoff included former staffers to DeLay, as well as to Sen. Conrad Burns
(R-Mont.), head of the Senate Appropriations panel's Interior subcommittee; Rep.
Robert W. Ney (R-Ohio), chairman of the House Administration Committee; Rep.
John T. Doolittle (R-Calif.), who has served on the key House committee that
oversees tribes; and Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), now minority leader.

Abramoff gathered his troops for strategy meetings that were "a great show,"
rollicking forums where ethical niceties were derided with locker room humor,
recalled a former Preston Gates colleague. "Jack would say, 'I gave that guy 10
grand and he voted against me!' " the former associate recalled.

Bill padding was openly discussed, according to Abramoff's Greenberg Traurig
e-mails that have been released by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee. For
example, in April 2000, Abramoff had lobbyist Shawn Vasell working on a monthly
invoice to the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians, telling him to "be sure we
hit the $150k minimum. If you need to add time for me, let me know."

An exasperated Vasell e-mailed back: "You only had 2 hours. We are not even
close to this number . . . ." Abramoff's solution: "Add 60 hours for me," and
"pump up" the hours for three or four other lobbyists.

The Choctaws were one of a half-dozen Indian tribes who gave more than $80
million to Abramoff between 2000 and 2003. Not only were the tribes paying
Abramoff's lobbying firm, they were also paying Abramoff's secret outside
partner, Michael Scanlon, who charged the Indians millions of dollars for public
relations work and split the money with Abramoff. Scanlon's public relations
fees did not have to be disclosed under lobbying rules, thus making it possible
for the magnitude of their take from the tribes to be kept from public view. The
two dubbed their scheme "Gimme Five," according to e-mails in which Abramoff
disparaged their clients as "morons" and "troglodytes."

E-mails show that Abramoff put his money into an array of political and personal
projects.

The nonprofit Capital Athletic Foundation, for example, allowed him to schmooze
with Washington's movers and shakers at charity affairs. He put a congressional
spouse  --  Julie Doolittle, wife of the California lawmaker  --  on his payroll
to plan at least one event. The congressman's office has said that there was no
connection between his wife's work and official acts.

The foundation was ostensibly created to help inner-city children through
organized sports. There is no evidence money went to city kids, but the
foundation did fund some of Abramoff's pet projects: a sniper school for
Israelis in the West Bank, a golf trip to Scotland for Ohio congressman Ney and
others, and a Jewish religious academy in Columbia that Abramoff founded and
where he sent his children to be educated.

Another Abramoff financial vehicle was the nonprofit American International
Center, a Rehoboth Beach, Del., "think tank" set up by Scanlon, who staffed it
with beach friends from his summer job as a lifeguard. The center became a means
for Abramoff and Scanlon to take money from foreign clients that they did not
want to officially represent. Some of the funds came from the government of
Malaysia. Banks and oil companies there were making deals in Sudan, where U.S.
companies were barred on human rights grounds. Sudan was among several oil-rich
nations in Africa, Asia and the Middle East that Abramoff eyed as venues for
lucrative energy deals. Abramoff told associates he wanted to become a go-to
person for U.S. companies seeking to do business with oil-patch nations.

But by early 2003, Abramoff's private dealmaking had spiraled out of control.
His religious academy was draining his income, and his restaurants were
hemorrhaging money. He told Scanlon in an e-mail that February that he was at
"rock bottom" and needed funds immediately. By the next day, he was frantic.
"Mike!!! I need the money TODAY! I AM BOUNCING CHECKS!!!"

To Abramoff's rivals in the niche world of tribal lobbying, however, he was
still a confounding success.

Team Abramoff was stealing away tribal clients from other lobbyists and charging
fees of $150,000 a month or more  --  10 or 20 times what the Indians had been
paying to others. Team members did it by touting their ties to powerful
Republicans on Capitol Hill and stoking tribal worries that Congress might try
to tax casino proceeds. Abramoff and Scanlon also quietly got involved in tribal
elections.

Sen. Byron L. Dorgan (N.D.), the ranking Democrat on the Indian Affairs
Committee, remembers first hearing "vague complaints" about Abramoff in June
2003 from three Democratic lobbyists. The tribes had traditionally supported
Democrats, but Abramoff was capturing them for Republicans, getting them to
boost their contributions and give two-thirds to his party.

There was even more buzz on Capitol Hill about Scanlon, the gregarious former
DeLay press aide who had become a multimillionaire almost overnight. His old
friends were astonished that Scanlon, then in his early thirties, was traveling
to the beach by helicopter and living in a waterfront Rehoboth mansion that he
bought for nearly $5 million in cash. A Louisiana paper, the Town Talk of
Alexandria, reported in September 2003 that the Coushatta tribe paid Scanlon's
public relations firm $13.7 million, a figure that amazed tribal lobbyists as
well as some of Abramoff's colleagues. It was around that time that one
colleague, Kevin Ring, learned from one of Abramoff's assistants that his boss
was secretly getting money from Scanlon, according to a source privy to the
conversation.

"This could be the Enron of lobbying," Ring told the colleague.

Rival lobbyists, including some Republicans, were comparing notes about what
they considered Abramoff's outrageous conduct.

One of them contacted The Post in fall 2003. In early 2004, The Post published a
detailed account of Abramoff's tribal lobbying, showing how four of Greenberg
Traurig's Indian clients had paid $45 million, most of it in fees to Scanlon's
firm. Within weeks, Greenberg initiated an internal investigation, Abramoff was
ousted and the Senate Indian Affairs Committee began its own inquiry, which
unearthed hundreds of incriminating e-mails from Abramoff's Greenberg Traurig
computer files.

Abramoff had another problem that few people in Washington knew about.

He and another old friend from College Republican days, Adam Kidan, had
purchased in 2000 a fleet of Florida casino boats for $147.5 million. By 2004,
SunCruz Casinos was bankrupt, and the two men were being sued by lenders for $60
million in loan guarantees, accused of faking a wire transfer for the $23
million they had promised to put into the deal.

Even more serious, Abramoff and Kidan were targets of a Florida federal grand
jury investigating the SunCruz wire transfer. And local authorities were probing
the gangland-style slaying of the man who had sold them the cruise line,
Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis.

Greenberg Traurig officials have said that they asked Abramoff to resign in
March 2004 over unauthorized personal transactions. They have noted that they
had no knowledge of his financial arrangement with Scanlon before they received
inquiries from The Post.

However, two months before the firm requested Abramoff's resignation, Greenberg
lawyers representing Abramoff in the SunCruz bankruptcy summoned Scanlon to the
firm's Miami headquarters to ask about the relationship, according to two people
close to Scanlon. Scanlon told them he had paid Abramoff $19 million out of the
money he had received in public relations fees from tribal clients. Cesar L.
Alvarez, president and chief executive of Greenberg Traurig, said the firm will
not comment on any meeting with Scanlon.

By the spring of 2004, the Justice Department had launched an investigation of
Abramoff and Scanlon that quickly developed into a multi-agency task force.

Nearly two years later, Abramoff's legal troubles appear to threaten the careers
of many of his colleagues and political allies. Sources familiar with the
Justice Department investigation say that half a dozen lawmakers are under
scrutiny, along with Hill aides, former business associates and government
officials.

Two of Abramoff's former business partners  --  Scanlon and Kidan  --  have
pleaded guilty and have agreed to testify about bribery and fraud in Florida and
Washington.

Three men have been arrested in the Boulis killing. Two of the three were
Kidan's associates; one of them is known to law enforcement as an associate of
the Gambino crime family.

Another former Abramoff associate, David H. Safavian  --  most recently head of
the Office of Federal Procurement Policy in the Office of Management and Budget
--  has been indicted on five felony counts of lying to federal investigators
about his dealings with Abramoff while he was chief of staff at the General
Services Administration.

Within the past year, Abramoff began selling off assets such as his restaurants
and has told his lawyers he is broke. He faces the possibility of lengthy prison
sentences and stiff financial penalties that could be reduced if he cooperates.

All these developments have added to the pressure on Abramoff to reach his own
deal before the SunCruz trial begins on Jan. 9.

Alan K. Simpson (R), the former Wyoming senator who was in Washington during the
last big congressional scandal  --  the Abscam FBI sting in the late 1970s and
early 1980s, in which six House members and one senator were convicted  --  said
the Abramoff case looks bigger. Simpson said he recently rode in a plane with
one of Abramoff's attorneys, who told him: "There are going to be guys in your
former line of work who are going to be taken down."

Dozens of lawmakers  --  who were showered with trips, sports and concert
tickets, drinks and dinners  --  are returning campaign contributions from
Abramoff and his clients and calling him a fraud and a crook.

Burns, one of half a dozen legislators under scrutiny by the federal Abramoff
task force, returned $150,000 in campaign contributions this month.

"This Abramoff guy is a bad guy," Burns told a Montana television station. "I
hope he goes to jail and we never see him again. I wish he'd never been born, to
be right honest with you."

Former Republican congressman Mickey Edwards (Okla.), usually a defender of
lobbying and Congress, said there have always been members who get caught
"stuffing money in their pants." But he said this is different  --  a
"disgusting" and disturbingly broad scandal driven by lobbyists whose attitude
seemed to be "government to the highest bidder."

"This is at a scale that is really shocking," said Edwards, who teaches public
and international affairs at Princeton. "There is a certain kind of arrogance
that in the past you might not have had. They were so supremely confident that
there didn't seem to be any kind of moral compass here."

Researcher Alice Crites contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 31, 2005; January 2, 2006; January 12, 2006



CORRECTION:  A chart with a Dec. 29 article about lobbyist Jack Abramoff
incorrectly referred to an "American International Center of Public Policy
Research." The reference should have been to two nonprofit organizations: the
American International Center and the National Center for Public Policy
Research.


 A Dec. 29 article about former lobbyist Jack Abramoff cited an incorrect date
for an e-mail he sent about client bills. The e-mail was sent in April 2001, not
April 2000.


A Dec. 29 article misstated the position once held by the father of former
lobbyist Jack Abramoff. Frank Abramoff was president of the franchises unit of
Diners Club, not the parent company.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              131 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

New motto? 'Minneapolis, city of shade'

BYLINE: TOM MEERSMAN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 801 words



HIGHLIGHT: Nearly one-third of the city is covered by tree foliage in summer,
according to a new study.


If you're looking for the shadiest place in Minneapolis this summer, head to the
Lynnhurst neighborhood off the southeast shore of Lake Harriet.

The neighborhood ranks first in the city in the proportion of urban tree cover
that blankets its homes, businesses and parks. Nearly 49 percent of its area,
which includes a portion of Minnehaha Creek, is covered, according to a
first-of-its-kind study of the city's canopy that used high-resolution satellite
technology.

The study, by a team of University of Minnesota researchers, put the overall
city rate at 31.5 percent, higher than previous estimates that used less precise
methods.

In St. Paul, the canopy cover rate was 32.5 percent, a recent study found.
Researchers also studied Woodbury, where the tree cover is 21.5 percent; it's
lower because large portions of the city still are cropland, and trees in newer
residential developments are predominantly younger and smaller, said Marvin
Bauer, lead researcher and professor of remote sensing at the university's
Department of Forest Resources.

Recent similar studies put the Twin Cities in the middle of urban areas, less
than Washington, D.C., at 35 percent, and more than Boston at 29 percent. Other
cities include Baltimore (49 percent), Burlington, Vt., (43 percent), Des Moines
(27 percent) and New York (24 percent).

The study's findings were good news for Minneapolis project coordinator June
Mathiowetz, who said the city's estimated 979,000 trees offer many benefits.

They suck up water that would otherwise wash onto streets and flood stormwater
pipes. They clean the air. They increase the attractiveness of homes, usually
driving up property values. And they shade homes and businesses, reducing the
need for cooling during hot summer days.

"In terms of energy conservation, it doesn't get any easier than planting a tree
on the west side of your house if you can," she said.

The study used high-resolution satellite technology to study the city from above
on a clear and cloudless June 29, 2009. It recorded and analyzed how much tree
cover there was on each individual property in the city, as well as on blocks
and in neighborhoods.

The study also shows gaps in the urban tree cover. Those could help city
planners and foresters target areas such as boulevards and parkland for
additional tree planting, or develop low-cost programs in certain neighborhoods
to encourage more saplings on private land.

Those future activities are the "real payoff" of the study, Bauer said. "Our
maps are simply the starting point or baseline for what [the city] will be
doing," he said.

The research also provides a useful benchmark to watch how the urban canopy
changes in the future as some species succumb to old age, invasive pests and
other problems, said Ralph Sievert, director of forestry for the Minneapolis
Park and Recreation Board. "Because of the emerald ash borer coming, it's nice
to know the percentage of the canopy cover to begin with, because we haven't
removed many ash trees yet."

Sievert said about 22 percent of the city's trees are ash, and if thousands of
mature trees are lost, the canopy will take a hit for a few years.

"You can plant a lot of new trees," he said. "The problem is that it takes
awhile for them to catch up in terms of the canopy that they're providing
compared to the trees that are taken out."

Other neighborhoods that rank high in shadiness contain large residential lots
and extensive parkways, scattered mostly along Minnehaha Creek in south
Minneapolis, West River Road, and the city's western border. In terms of total
acreage that's shaded, the Linden Hills neighborhood, bordering parts of Lake
Calhoun and Lake Harriet, was tops. The study included 84 neighborhoods and
three industrial areas. Most of its $23,000 cost came from the Minnesota
Department of Natural Resources.

A 2004 field study, which relied on extrapolations and was much less accurate,
estimated that trees covered 26 percent of Minneapolis.

Sievert said the city has increased its tree plantings on boulevards and other
public land. It will plant 4,000 trees this spring and 1,500 saplings in the
fall, compared to 3,000 in recent years.

Spring planting began Wednesday and will continue through May, he said.

The U study also calculated what is under the tree canopy across the rest of
Minneapolis: grass and shrubs (about 20 percent), buildings (15.5 percent),
streets (9.5 percent), water (6.2 percent), and other impervious surfaces, such
as driveways, sidewalks and parking lots (17.5 percent).

Mathiowetz said it's important to be more strategic about managing the city's
urban forest as a great resource.

"If you're investing in a tree and it needs to last for more than 30 years, you
want to know if your techniques are working," she said. "Trees are legacy work."

Tom Meersman - 612-673-7388

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                          February 13, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Pairs judging shady, but hardly surprising

BYLINE: Gregg Drinnan, The Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Taking Note; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 730  words


Woe Canada! Such misery. Such agony. Such moaning and groaning.

The tears continue to flow across this great country of ours after the Russians
got the gold and the Canadians got the shaft following the long skate in the
pairs figure skating competition at the Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City
on Monday evening.

Call it what you want. A hose job. Highway robbery. A sham. A scam.

Just don't call it surprising. There shouldn't be any surprises from a sport
that allows its judges to attend practice sessions where they are subjected to
campaiging from coaches and competitors.

There can be no doubt, though, that this is another black eye on figure skating,
which in some newspapers was being referred to in the same sentence as boxing
and the World Wrestling Federation.

Figure skating, like any sport whose winners are decided by a process involving
judges, has a long history of shadiness such as what the world witnessed on
Monday night.

(Yuri Balkov, a Ukrainian judge who served a suspension for conspiring to fix
the ice dancing at one world championship, is on the ice dancing panel at Salt
Lake City. A headline on the front page of yesterday's Globe and Mail read:
Ice-dance insiders say result already decided.)

In case you happened to miss it, Russian skaters Elena Berezhnaya and Anton
Sikharulidze were less than stellar in their four-and-a-half-minute presentation
on Monday. The Canadian pair of Jamie Sale and David Pelletier was flawless.

The Canadians looked more in synch. They never missed a beat. They were
emotional. They looked great. They were easily better than the Russians, who had
at least two flaws in their program, one a rather apparent stumble by
Sikharulidze.

Except that five of the nine judges didn't see it that way. Which is why the
Russians got the gold, the Canadians the silver. And now figure skating is
involved in the biggest on-ice scandal since Tonya Harding's thugs got to Nancy
Kerrigan.

"They were judging by protocol, there was block judging, unfair judging and
there were a few judges who were completely off," former skating star Isabel
Duchesnay told the Ottawa Citizen on Tuesday. "It was a very tough call and in
the heat of the moment I'm not sure that all of the judges made the right
decision."

Judging by protocol and in blocks in figure skating. That's news?

The five who voted the Russians first were from China, Russia, Poland, Ukraine
and France. Which immediately brought the conspiracy theorists out of the
woodwork -- an Oliver Stone-directed movie no doubt is in the works -- claiming
that the French judge, Marie Reine Le Gougne, gave up her vote in exchange for a
Russian judge's vote for the French team in the ice dancing.

On Tuesday, the International Skating Union, which rules figure skating's roost,
announced that it will do an "internal assessment to monitor if the ISU rules
and procedures have been respected."

Which, of course, is akin to having Don King head up an investigation of
professional boxing, or having Vince McMahon look into the WWF to see if the
outcomes of matches are predetermined.

The really, really ironic thing about the hosing Sale and Pelletier took on
Monday is this -- as silver medallists, they are far more in demand than if they
had won the gold and everyone had gone home happy.

By midafternoon yesterday, a poll -- yes, these are highly unscientific, kind of
like figure skating judging -- conducted by NBC-TV on the Internet had drawn
134,202 responses, 95 per cent giving gold to the Canadians.

Sale and Pelletier, then, are smash hits in the U.S., which is the only place it
matters. They were to appear with Jay Leno last night. Tom Brokaw and Dan Rather
want to chat them up. They may end up on the cover of Time magazine. You just
know that Sports Illustrated will weigh in, as will numerous other magazines and
TV shows.

Maybe, just maybe, the Canadians got the gold mine and not the shaft.

But, wait ... there's another scandal waiting in the wings.

According to the aforementioned Globe and Mail report, Canada's ice-dancing pair
of Shae-Lynn Bourne and Victor Kraatz won't win a medal and will most likely
finish fifth. The compulsory dance part of the program goes on Friday, with the
original dance on Sunday and the free skate on Monday.

Canada and the United States aren't represented on the judges' panel.

So get out the Kleenex. Again.

Just don't be so surprised this time.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 20, 2001 Thursday

Singing the gospel of the 'Mexican Elvis'

BYLINE: CARL WILSON

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW COLUMN; SCENE; Pg. R6

LENGTH: 621 words


Like a bridge over troubled borders, I will lay me down," croons El Vez, the
self-proclaimed "Mexican Elvis," on his ninth and latest album, Boxing with God.
And the borders the California performance artist probes in his
political-pop-pastiche act have never been more troubled.

El Vez - né Robert Lopez of San Diego, once a 15-year-old member of punk
pioneers the Zeros, now 40 and in his 12th year of what he calls Elvis
"translation," not imitation - is entering the building again tomorrow at Lee's
Palace in Toronto (529 Bloor St. West,$12.50).

With his rockabilly-glitter band and his gold-lamé, Mexican-wrestler and
Chicano-militant costumes, his pompadour standing on guard (the higher the hair,
the closer to God?), El Vez will lie down over the thorny questions of American
identity - an ersatz Aztec sacrifice in a pencil-thin mustache.

Lopez's current "gospel" tour is apt at a time when religion is rearing its head
with a scowl. But El Vez is nothing if not ecumenical. Boxing with God is
pluralistic mystic shtick, including paeans to the mythic winged serpent
Quetzlcoatal (sing it to the tune of Heartbreak Hotel), a Hindu salsa (Can You
Kali?)and a homoerotic Iggy Pop revision, Lust for Christ.

This ain't your mother's Elvis act, but Elvis is an ideal vehicle for identity
juggling - from his Tupelo shack to The Ed Sullivan Show (Lopez calls him "an
immigrant to the American dream"), his military mutation, and final incarnation
as a drug-addicted honorary drug-enforcement appointee of Richard Nixon. He's
the avatar of American self-reinvention, with all its collateral damage.

Just as Elvis was the bastard spawn of cross-cultural strains in blues, country
and crooner pop, drag king El Vez overloads on rock stereotypes from Bowie to
Zeppelin even as he pickpockets the wildest dreams of the Rickie trinity -
Valens, Ricardo and Martin. He is El Rey, the hybrid king.

"I like the fact that you can be a 'blank' Elvis," Lopez has said. "You can put
in Muslim, gay, straight, Sikh, Chinese or whatever." El Vez reminds us that
culturally, the "sleepers," the covert agents of this week's nightmares, have
always been everywhere in America: We are our own other, no matter where
politicians draw the borders. And by couching that point in humour, he reaches
back to a discourse as potent as Mark Twain and as fraught as the minstrel show.

Satire is always suspect in a crisis, verboten as the word gun in an airport
line, and certainly there is nothing funny about thousands of deaths. But how to
react to George W. Bush's bumbling use of the loaded word "crusade" at a news
conference, or his claim that he will wipe out evil worldwide? There's nothing a
zealot hates worse than laughter, nothing better to reveal the cracks in our own
rigid prejudices.

On TV last week, historian David McCullough scolded that the crisis would teach
young people that they can't view everything in shades of grey. But this is not
the end of irony. We all see the grey in the history of CIA dealings with
fundamentalists, the shadiness of our Middle East record, the streak of domestic
darkness in assaults and harassment against Arabs this week. We see a new ashen
smoke blowing through the sheltering light of North American comfort and
privilege, and it's coming from the outside world. We can't blind ourselves to
that ever again.

The drumbeat of unanimity from political and televisual quarters over the past
week is not the music of democracy. By contrast, in his light-handed way, El Vez
can remind us that what terrorists threaten most deeply is this culture's
amazing fluidity - a trait fanatics on both sides despise. There could hardly be
a more appropriate message right now.
cwilson@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 221 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

The Fayetteville Observer, N.C., Dan Wiederer column

BYLINE: Dan Wiederer, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1013 words


Sept. 16--You can say what you want about John Calipari. Reporters who cover him
often speak admirably of his charisma and wit, two personality traits which also
happen to make successful used car salesmen.

Players who play for him gush about his work ethic and contagious competitive
fire, qualities no doubt commendable in a leader of young men.

Calipari's intelligence as a basketball coach is also undeniable. Over 18
seasons coaching in college, his teams have averaged 26 wins, made eight Sweet
16 appearances and twice gone to the Final Four. Which makes it easy to
understand why the athletic brass at the University of Kentucky has been
drowning Coach Cal with cash for the past 17 months and elite recruits have been
lining up in hordes hoping to become part of the party.

The guy wins. We're all enamored with winners. It's that simple.

But if you're wanting to believe John Calipari is good for college basketball,
please, please stop yourself.

The witty, ambitious and brilliant coach finds himself in the center of drama
more than Glenn Beck and J-Woww combined. And this week, the Coach Cal scandal
meter began shaking once again with a report in the Birmingham News revealing
possible academic improprieties within the high school transcript of Eric
Bledsoe, who was a standout freshman guard at Kentucky last season and has since
moved on to the NBA.

In what is a complicated matter to sort through, the misconduct uncovered in the
Birmingham News report is troubling. The primary suspicion is that Bledsoe had
his high school transcript strategically massaged, with an "A" showing up for an
Algebra 3 class for which he actually received a "C."

In addition, Bledsoe's transcript apparently shows he took Algebra 3 a semester
before taking Algebra 2, certainly a peculiar progression in any academic world.

The bottom line is this: had Bledsoe received even a "B" in that Algebra 3
class, he would have been an academic non-qualifier last year and ineligible to
play at Kentucky. Without NCAA and UK clearance on what may turn out to be a
faulty transcript, he would not have scored 419 points and dished out 107
assists in a season that saw the Wildcats win the SEC championship and reach the
Elite Eight.

Don't forget, Bledsoe committed to Kentucky in May 2009, a month after Calipari
became the Wildcats coach. The guard's academic record was known to be
questionable for some time before that. But Calipari rolled the dice on the kid
anyway and Bledsoe's transcript wound up passing muster with the NCAA
Clearinghouse.

So maybe these newest revelations don't directly implicate Calipari as a
sleazeball. It wasn't he who changed Bledsoe's transcript. And how is he
supposed to be a basketball coach, a recruiter, a compliance officer and a high
school guidance counselor all at once?

But there's also no denying this kind of shadiness seems to follow too many of
the star players Calipari involves himself with.

In August, don't forget, a Chicago Sun-Times report alleged that star Class of
2011 recruit Anthony Davis and his family had been seeking a lucrative pay day
in return for the big man's commitment, with the Sun-Times originally reporting
an asking price of between $125,000 and $150,000 -- a fee someone affiliated
with Kentucky was alleged to have agreed to.

Davis and his parents vehemently deny those accusations and have taken legal
action to clear their name. And so with no clear verdict there, it might seem
just to take the "innocent until proven guilty" stance and give everyone
involved -- including Calipari -- a fair shake.

OK. Fine.

But then earlier this month came reports that Enes Kanter, one of Kentucky's
most talented freshmen, had been paid in excess of $100,000 by his club team in
Turkey, raising questions about his eligibility for the coming season.

And now comes the Bledsoe bombshell, the third high-profile controversy in the
past three months involving a player with a strong allegiance to Calipari.

Let's not forget, the 1996 Final Four that Calipari coached in with UMass has
been expunged from the records, vacated after it was learned that star forward
Marcus Camby had taken money and gifts from an agent.

Oh, and the 2008 Final Four Calipari coached in with Memphis has also been
vacated after it was discovered that star point guard Derrick Rose had someone
else take the SAT for him.

So please, read the 731 words above again and then, with a straight face and
sincere conviction, convince me John Calipari is good for college basketball.

Good for fervent and irrational Wildcats fans who derive far too much of their
self-worth from the success of their favorite program? Yes.

Good for the sport as a whole? Yeesh.

Kentucky basketball is definitely on the brink of something huge right now.
After winning 35 games and reaching the Elite Eight last season, the Wildcats
have a ridiculous freshman class on campus now, one that includes four players
ranked in the top 30 of the Class of 2010 by Scout.com. Beyond that, Calipari's
2011 class already includes four players ranked in Scout's top 20.

If basketball talent and coaching prowess were the only things we took into
account, it would not be a stretch to start penciling UK into the Final Fours in
Houston in 2011 or New Orleans in 2012 or even Atlanta in 2013, assuming Coach
Cal's recruiting wizardry continues.

But this is about way more than basketball. And once again, a program Calipari
is leading has magnetized a powerful magnifying glass. Usually when this
happens, that magnifying glass brings to light a whole lot of grime.

Staff writer Dan Wiederer can be reached at wiedererd@fayobserver.com or
486-3536.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100916-FY-The-Fayetteville-Observer-N-C-Dan-Wiederer-column-0916-20100916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                              135 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 26, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Fragile Victim of Love Long Past

BYLINE: By BEN BRANTLEY

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; THEATER REVIEW; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1085 words


A sorcerer named Laura Linney is performing an act of magic that happens only in
live theater. She has rewritten a play without changing a word. Ms. Linney, as
you probably know, is not a writer but an actress. Yet her emotional
incandescence in the revival of ''Sight Unseen,'' which opened last night at the
Biltmore Theater, has the effect of entirely shifting the focus of Donald
Margulies's fine drama from 1992 about art, time and moral compromise.

Theatergoers who saw ''Sight Unseen'' a dozen years ago probably left the show
thinking that it was about a charismatically egocentric painter who had sold his
soul to that old devil success. Audiences for this latest production from the
Manhattan Theater Club are likely to conclude that it is about a charismatically
uncertain woman, played by Ms. Linney, who erases her very sense of self through
her love for an egocentric painter.

It should be noted that it was surely not the intention of Ms. Linney, an
actress of uncommon modesty, to relocate the center of ''Sight Unseen.'' But
because she gives the one unconditionally authentic performance in this
production, directed by Daniel Sullivan, her character becomes the prism through
which everything is refracted.

Admittedly, this creates a lopsidedness that is not to the play's advantage.
Still, anyone who has followed Ms. Linney's increasingly impressive career
onstage (''The Crucible'') and in film (''You Can Count on Me,'' ''Mystic
River'') should make a point of seeing her here. Actually, make that anyone who
savors acting that is paradoxically clear to the point of transparency and as
subtle as shadows at twilight.

Ms. Linney was also in the original New York staging of ''Sight Unseen,'' in a
different, smaller part: that of Grete, a fierce German critic who turns an
interview with the American painter Jonathan Waxman (first played by Dennis
Boutsikaris) into a shrewd attack on his identity as artist, American and Jew.
The interview scenes are what most people who saw the show then remember most
vividly.

In this new production, Jonathan is played by a nebbishy Ben Shenkman and Grete
by Ana Reeder, who brings her own clawed kittenishness to the role. It's still a
pretty compelling encounter. But it doesn't make half the impression as do the
scenes of Jonathan's reunion after 15 years with Patricia (Ms. Linney), his
lover from their college years.

Part of this has to do with changing times. In 1992 the economic boom of the
1980's in American art was still a fresh and sore subject, as was the ascendancy
of the hotshot celebrity artist. Grete's interview with Jonathan, set in a
London gallery, had a sting of topical satire that has lost its immediacy.

But Mr. Margulies, the author of ''The Loman Family Picnic'' and ''Dinner With
Friends,'' has never been merely a satirist. His plays are usually about how
time and memory transform feelings, relationships and the perception of the
past. In scrambling chronology to consider the life and losses of Jonathan
Waxman, ''Sight Unseen'' becomes a commentary on the sacrifices entailed in
getting older and getting ahead.

The essential problem with this production, which features handsome sets by
Douglas W. Schmidt, is its Jonathan. In fairness to Mr. Shenkman, who appeared
memorably on Broadway in ''Proof'' and in the television version of ''Angels in
America,'' he has two ghosts to contend with: that of the performance given by
Mr. Boutsikaris and of the performance that wasn't given by the brilliant Liev
Schreiber, who was originally cast for the revival and is an expert in defining
moral shadiness. Mr. Shenkman exudes an effortless naturalism but is so low key
that he seems at moments to dematerialize. This is in some ways appropriate to a
character who has become disorientingly detached from who he was. But what Mr.
Boutsikaris provided that Mr. Shenkman does not was the sensual fierceness and
cruelty of ravening ambition.

In Mr. Shenkman's scenes with Ms. Linney -- set in the rustic farmhouse Patricia
shares with her husband, Nick (Byron Jennings), an archaeologist -- her
character's frustration and resentment are intensified by your impression that
she is trying to milk responses from a human vacuum. It doesn't help that the
usually impeccable Mr. Jennings brings an exaggerated comic vehemence to the
part of the surly husband.

Still, you can't dismiss a show that allows Ms. Linney to create such a
beautifully shaded study in unhappiness. (Deborah Hedwall, by the way, was
excellent in the same part in the original production, but because of Mr.
Boutsikaris's high-voltage performance did not stand out in the same way.)

Ms. Linney has a rare gift for suggesting that what her characters do and say is
at odds with their deeper feelings. Arms folded, chin high and mouth set in a
willful smile, her Patricia greets Jonathan, a man who used her badly, with the
look of someone who knows she has the upper hand but also doesn't have the
strength to take advantage of it. In her mind, she lost the battle of her life
long ago.

In the final scene Mr. Margulies transports Patricia and Jonathan to the moment
of their first encounter, when she was a model and he an art student. When I
first saw ''Sight Unseen,'' this conclusion seemed to coast a little too
smoothly on the ready-made resonance of young, idealistic characters destined to
tarnish.

This time, though, the same scene broke my heart, as Ms. Linney evoked an
openness and fragility that clearly harbored the seeds of its own destruction.
Ms. Linney, who lives in Manhattan, recently said in an interview that she would
probably soon move to Los Angeles. As good as she is on screen, let's pray that
this actress -- whose natural theatrical grace brings to mind Meryl Streep, a
star long lost to movies -- doesn't deprive New York audiences of another rare
presence that lights up a stage.

SIGHT UNSEEN

By Donald Margulies; directed by Daniel Sullivan; sets by Douglas W. Schmidt;
lighting by Pat Collins; costumes by Jess Goldstein; original music and sound by
John Gromada; production stage manager, Roy Harris; production manager/director
of capital projects, Michael R. Moody; general manager; Harold Wolpert; director
of artistic development, Paige Evans. Presented by the Manhattan Theater Club,
Lynne Meadow, artistic director; Barry Grove, executive producer. At the
Biltmore Theater, 261 West 47th Street, Manhattan.

WITH: Laura Linney (Patricia), Byron Jennings (Nick), Ben Shenkman (Jonathan
Waxman) and Ana Reeder (Grete).


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Ben Shenkman and Laura Linney in the revival of ''Sight
Unseen.'' (Photo by Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)(pg. E5)
 Laura Linney in the revival of ''Sight Unseen.'' (Photo by Sara Krulwich/The
New York Times)(pg. E1)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              136 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 01, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

In Japan, Scandal -- and Opportunity

Fred Hiatt

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 947 words


Like the United States, Japan is engulfed in scandal. Japan's doesn't much
involve sex, only money (and sushi). The only Japanese prime minister ever
felled by a sex scandal had to resign, not because he had a mistress but because
he was revealed as a cheapskate when the mistress complained he hadn't paid her
enough. But what Japan's current news may lack in prurience (not counting the
no-pants waitress restaurant it features), it more than makes up for in
potential significance -- to Japan and the U.S.-Japan relationship. While the
basic principles at stake in the muck of Washington's revelations aren't always
obvious, the unfolding story in Tokyo threatens one of the sturdiest pillars of
Japan Inc.

Japan's scandal began with the arrest of two senior bureaucrats in the finance
ministry early last week. A third bank inspector was found hanged in the doorway
of his apartment, an apparent suicide at age 54, before prosecutors could
question him. The finance minister, a political appointee and cabinet member,
said he wouldn't resign and then, a few hours later, resigned. Then the vice
minister, the top-ranking career bureaucrat of the finance ministry, stepped
down, too.

That was most shocking of all. The finance ministry's vice minister is one of
Japan's most powerful people -- in many ways, the most powerful man (for it is
always a man) in government. In a system in which business, bureaucracy and
politics are so closely entwined, the finance ministry's bureaucrats
traditionally sit at the center of the web. They rule over taxes and budgets and
keep a heavy hand in economic policy, financial market regulation, trade issues
and more. Former ministry employees who enter politics provide loyal support
from parliament. Bureaucrats' university classmates try to maintain close ties
from the banks and businesses where they work. The elite mandarins of MoF, as
the ministry is known, have been feared, respected and, until now, never
questioned.

But it is precisely the ties between bureaucracy and business that are under
assault in the latest arrests. Ministry officials are charged with having
accepted from bankers lavish meals, and other entertainment. (Yes, including a
striptease show in London and meals at a Tokyo restaurant where the waitresses
don't wear panties; Washington has no monopoly on sleaze.) The bankers in return
were allegedly tipped off when bank inspections were to occur, and at which
branches. Since Japan is now drowning in a bad-loan crisis that makes the U.S.
savings-and-loan mess of the 1980s look like small potatoes, these are serious
allegations.

It's important to remember, though, what the allegations don't mean. The media,
here and in Japan, have tended to report on the charges as proof of an
inherently corrupt Japanese bureaucracy, comparable, say, to Indonesia's. This
is a revision of history, and it serves actually to obscure the significance of
the arrests. It's true that bureaucrats from the finance ministry, the fabled
trade and industry ministry (MITI) and other agencies traditionally were well
entertained by executives of the firms they regulate. It's also true that, upon
resignation, top bureaucrats could expect to find comfortable employment in one
of those firms. But it doesn't follow that these bureaucrats were corrupt. On
the contrary, their incorruptibility was one of the keys to Japan's postwar
economic success. Those nightly dinners gave bureaucrats access to information
that companies readily shared, confident that it wouldn't be given unfairly to
competitors. The bureaucrats could make informed decisions in the national
interest. The promise of post-government employment meant that Japan's best and
brightest were willing to accept modest salaries in government jobs for most of
their lives.

Some bureaucrats certainly abused this system, and the two arrested bank
inspectors may be among those. But Japan's bureaucracy is under assault not
because of its inherent shadiness but because -- despite its overall honesty and
postwar success -- it's not suitable to today's world. Cozy ties worked well
enough when Japan was growing fast, and when the outside world was willing to
let Japan slide by with a closed market. But overregulation and a lack of
openness are working against Japan now. Its economy has been stagnating for most
of this decade. It needs open information, objective regulation, a rule of law
-- it needs, in short, a free-market economy.

The current weakening of the finance ministry provides an opportunity for just
that. Japan's politicians -- first and foremost Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto
-- have for several years now talked a good game on deregulation and market
opening. But they haven't done nearly enough to actually let foreign firms and
upstart Japanese firms compete, nor to stimulate demand to get their economy
growing again. With so many of Japan's neighbors ailing financially, such
actions are all the more urgent now. If Japan won't provide a receptive market
to those neighbors, they'll have to export more to the United States; if Japan
simultaneously seeks to export its way out of recession, the U.S. trade deficit
will balloon, and resentments of Japan along with it.

No one who's watched Japan over the years would be foolish enough to predict
radical change. But the assault on the finance ministry mandarins does provide
an opportunity. "It is now the duty and responsibility of politicians to be
really in charge of this nation," said Koichi Kato, a top ruling party official.
It will be interesting to see whether that represents an improvement.

The writer is a member of the editorial page staff.

LOAD-DATE: February 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              137 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 15, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fraud risk rises with short sales;
 A national firm warns more scams are likely as foreclosure prevention programs
expand.

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY MILLER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 585 words


A national financial consulting firm has warned that the real estate market is
increasingly vulnerable to a new kind of mortgage fraud based on manipulating
short sales.

According to a study the Santa Ana, Calif.-based company CoreLogic released last
month, short sale scams are likely to increase nationally as a new federal
foreclosure prevention program to speed such transactions gathers steam and home
values remain low.

The report estimates fraud occurs on 2 percent of all short sales nationally,
costing banks as much as $310 million annually.

A short sale is when a bank agrees to accept a sales price on a home lower than
what the owner owes on the loan, usually because the borrower cannot afford the
payment and is headed for foreclosure.

While the types of short sale fraud outlined in the report vary, they generally
depend on an agent submitting an artificially low bid from an investor to the
bank. The bank accepts the price, then the investor flips the property, selling
it for the higher true resale value.

Florida is second only to California in the number of short sales nationally. In
2009, CoreLogic recorded 27,907 short sales in Florida, more than double the
number in 2008.

And with 44 percent of South Florida single-family homes with mortgages
underwater, slang for owing more on a loan than the home is worth, it's likely
short sales will be a big part of the local real estate landscape for some time
to come.

"There are so many properties, the banks don't know what they are really worth,"
said Jupiter-area Realtor and short sale specialist Skip Yachanin of Keller
Williams Realty.

Yachanin said he hasn't witnessed short sale fraud, but doesn't doubt it's
happening.

"The Realtor gets a commission and doesn't feel like they have a duty to the
bank to get it the best price," Yachanin said. "There is a lot of room for
fraud."

The federal government's Home Affordable Foreclosure Alternative program went
into effect in April, offering monetary incentives to lenders and homeowners to
complete a short sale.

Under the voluntary program, a short sale can net the borrower $3,000 for
relocation expenses, while a servicer can get up to $1,500. A lender is eligible
for up to $2,000. The plan also requires the bank to agree on a set price for
the short sale on the front end and respond to any offer within 10 days.

"As the government has pressured us to do short sales faster, we don't have time
to check them out," said Anthony DiMarco, executive vice president for
government affairs for the Florida Bankers Association. "The bad guys know how
to defraud the system and will rush in to do it."

Jared Dalto, a Realtor with Palm Beach Gardens-based Seawinds Realty, said he
has seen prices on short sales that were notably lower than those on neighboring
properties, an indication that an artificially low bid was accepted.

While the homes may have had damage that would justify a lower price, he said
there is "shadiness out there."

Dalto, who specializes in short sales, said one way to avoid fraud is for the
bank to get a traditional appraisal instead of relying on a Broker Price
Opinion.

A BPO is conducted by a Realtor and typically costs hundreds of dollars less
than an appraisal.

The risk with a BPO exists if the Realtor purposefully undervalues the property
so that someone can buy it at the lower price and then flip it.

"There are agents and brokers out there who do things the right way, and then,
just like any profession, there are bad apples," Dalto said.

~kimberly_miller@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Top five states for short sales in '09  Where Florida ranks among other
states: California 43,404 Florida 27,907 Arizona 11,595 Texas 10,479 Ohio 5,262
Source: CoreLogicHow a short sale scam may work An agent is hired to short-sell
a home where the borrower owes $150,000 on the mortgage. A family offers
$120,000 for the home. The agent contacts an investor, who makes a $100,000
offer. Only the lower offer is submitted, and the bank accepts and sells to the
investor. The investor immediately flips the home, selling to the family for
$120,000. What to look for The sale amount following the short sale is vastly
higher. The second sale happens too soon after the first.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 21, 2011 Monday

Broad to bloom with new trees

BYLINE: Jim Dino, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 681 words


Nov. 21--THE OLD, Towering Trees -- maples, oaks and other species -- that lined
Route 93 through West Hazleton are gone, the victims of progress.

They've been replaced with smaller trees that don't yet provide much shade but
in the long run won't be as burdensome, according to officials.

Six varieties of trees are being planted along a 3.5-mile stretch of Broad
Street through Hazleton and West Hazleton, from Washington Avenue to the Arthur
Gardner Parkway, that is being widened to accommodate a fifth lane for turns.

Some West Hazleton residents opposed the removal of the older trees, lamenting
the loss of the neighborhood feel and the protection from the busy highway. Some
of those concerns still exist among some, including the borough's mayor.

Pat Fritsky, Pennsylvania Department of Transportation construction manager for
the $27.5 million Broad Street Corridor Project, said new trees are currently
being planted from West Hazleton east to downtown Hazleton as crews complete the
new sidewalks and curbing. As concrete for the new sidewalks is poured, wooden
boxes are installed as borders.

"The nursery determined this was the magic time to dig them up and start
planting them," Fritsky said. "Our rules dictate that they can't be planted
until at least Oct. 15. They play it by ear. They wait for the trees to go
dormant so that when they plant them, they don't have that shock right away.
They get a chance to settle in over the winter during their dormant period."

Eileen Whitaker, a member of the Hazleton Shade Tree Commission, said different
kinds of trees are being planted at the corners as opposed to what is being
planted in the middle of blocks.

"We will be planting flowering cherry trees and elm trees near the (Hazleton
General Hospital)," Whitaker said. "Sycamores will be planted near the (Hazleton
Shopping Center) because they are taller. Princeton Sentry Ginkgos, Village
Green Zelkova and Cleveland Select Calorie Pear trees will be planted throughout
the rest of the project."

Fritsky said the trees are being planted far away enough from each other so that
if one tree is infected with a disease, the infection will not spread to other
trees.

The trees are small and will grow, but not to the cumbersome size of the old
trees, according to officials.

"The Shade Tree Commission decided what types of trees we'd plant," Fritsky
said. "They are all urban friendly and are supposed to be resistant to salt from
snow and pollution from car exhausts. Their height was also taken into account
so they don't interfere with lights and poles."

Some residents along North Broad Street favored the old trees. Petitions
opposing the project included 2,200 signatures, and one man was arrested and
charged with disorderly conduct for trying to stop the tree in front of his
house from being removed.

Removing the trees not only took away the shadiness of North Broad Street in
West Hazleton, it caused concern that when snow is plowed, it will land on the
front porches of homes.

"I think it's going to happen, unless PennDOT uses a different way to plow,"
West Hazleton Mayor Frank Schmidt said.

"Our main concern is for East Broad Street" because it is the narrowest portion
of Broad Street in the borough, Schmidt said.

Fritsky pointed out that the old trees had large, overgrown roots that over the
years damaged sidewalks in West Hazleton. She said the new trees are being
planted in a special soil meant to direct their roots away from the new
concrete.

"We are installing structural soil in the tree pit area extending 10 feet from
each tree underneath the sidewalk," Fritsky said. "This is a specially developed
soil dense enough to support the tree trunk, but loose enough -- it has a gel
media mixed into it -- and has fertilizer so that tree roots happy where they
are at. They extend themselves into soil and stay there, so they don't grow up
and then affect the sidewalk in the future."

jdino@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2011 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111121-ZX-Broad-to-bloom-with-new-trees-1121-20111121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2011 Standard-Speaker


                              139 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 14, 2007 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 492 words


ConsumerSearch, a Washington product-review Web site, was nearly a casualty of
the dot-com bust of 2001. But years of lean living and a strong assist from
Google kept the company afloat and helped it fetch a $33 million sale price from
About.com last week.

The six-person company was launched in 2000 to aggregate and analyze the
dizzying array -- and often dubious quality -- of online product reviews. The
idea was to sift through reviews of, say, a particular cellphone brand, find the
best, most credible ones and present them in digestible, sourced form. Then the
site would send potential buyers to consumer sites, such as Amazon.com.
ConsumerSearch makes money from advertising on its site and is paid by consumer
sites for sending traffic their way.

"We created an analysis portal," said Derek Drew, site co-founder and editor in
chief. "Even if people had ADD, they could do their shopping from our site."

Drew lured 24 angel investors who contributed $1.25 million to start the
company. Carl Hamann is the firm's other founder.

The dot-com bust forced Drew to slash his 15-person staff to two and some
freelancers. The company disbanded its original Fulton Street fish market office
in Manhattan and employees worked from home. Drew, who is the husband of
Washington Post assistant managing editor Jill Dutt, moved to Washington and
worked out of the couple's home here.

Such events usually presage dot-com doom. But ConsumerSearch's freelancers kept
churning out the copy on hundreds of products and the site benefited mightily
from Google, which has an "ability to determine excellence based on its
algorithm," Drew said. Google began featuring ConsumerSearch high in search
results, which drove traffic -- more 3 million unique visitors per month -- to
the site.

As a result, revenue doubled each year, Drew said, and is now in the
seven-figure range, though he wouldn't be precise. The site, which became
profitable in 2004, generated enough interest from suitors that it hired Bank of
America to hold an auction in February. Out of more than eight serious bidders,
the New York Times Co.'s About.com prevailed. Drew and the company's five other
employees will go to About.com.

Drew would not disclose his take of the $33 million sale price or his exact
ownership stake in the company. He would say he owns 39 to 49 percent of the
company and that, aside from the original $1.25 million, he has no other venture
capitalists to pay off, though other employees will get a small percentage of
the sale.

ConsumerSearch's managing editor, Christine Frietchen, who will get a cut of the
sale price, said preparing her site's reports is like writing a term paper,
complete with footnotes. She is most proud of her report on air purifiers. "It's
an industry full of misinformation and shadiness," said Frietchen, who also
works as a theater tailor (she's done costumes for Siegfried & Roy). "It's a joy
to be able to parse that out for people."

-- Frank Ahrens

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

Mother of all comic memoirs

LENGTH: 761  words


If one is at first glance tempted to dismiss Alison Bechdel's Are You My Mother?
as a glorified comic strip, one would be wildly and woefully misguided: It is as
complicated, brainy, inventive and satisfying as the finest prose memoirs.

Bechdel's previous book, Fun Home, told the story of her father's secret
homosexuality, thwarted artistic expression and ultimate suicide, and of her own
coming out in college. Her new one delves into her troubled relationship with
her distant, unhappy mother, and into her own difficulties connecting with a
series of long-term girlfriends. As she confides her tale, she also addresses
her mother's bluntly conflicted reaction to her art and folds their struggle
into the writing of the memoir itself. "I would love to see your name on a
book," her mother says. "But not on a book of lesbian cartoons."

Bechdel weaves emotional honesty with highbrow deliberation in a way that is
never burdensome: the tragedy and the comedy are so consummately entwined, so
gloriously balanced, the reader can't help being fascinated. Are You My Mother?
manages to incorporate complicated references - to psychoanalysis and the
theories of the paediatrician and psychiatrist Donald Winnicott, to the work of
Virginia Woolf and Adrienne Rich - into a story that is gripping, funny and
radiantly clear.

In a sense, Bechdel's innovative form lends itself to the subject: the graphic
memoir can reproduce the layering of thought and mimic strands of simultaneous
life - the bursts of insight and memory that coexist with a humdrum moment like
reading in bed with your lover, or arguing in the kitchen with your mother - in
ways that pure prose cannot. Things happen at the same time. Associations are
made. The past is superimposed on the present. Thought bubbles and squares
complicate and illuminate unobtrusively. There's electricity to the form, to the
interaction between pictures and words, between feeling and event, that gives
Bechdel's cerebral introspection an immediacy and drama it wouldn't otherwise
have.

Throughout, there are magnificent feats of connectivity, startlingly complex
internal monologues that unfold with perfect simplicity. On a two-page spread,
Bechdel parses a Dr Seuss drawing, overlaying letters from her father to her
mother; a quote from Seuss's Sleep Book, a remark about retreating to her
"office", a barricaded closet or corner, in her youth; a quote from Winnicott;
and an evocative analysis of her childhood relation to family life. In other
hands, this might collapse into something maddeningly clunky or overelaborate,
but Bechdel's structure sustains it.

Bechdel also captures the rhythms of family communication. She recounts a phone
call with her mother: "Hey! I got papers in Philadelphia and Chicago to carry my
comic strip," Bechdel says. "For money." Her mother answers: "Hmnh. I have to
get the plumber to come back, that pipe is still leaking." Bechdel: "Plus I met
with that publisher. I signed a contract to do a book of cartoons." Her mother:
"You mean your lesbian cartoons? ... But ... what if someone sees your name?"

Are You My Mother? is among many other things a nuanced, sophisticated
investigation of the impulse to write or create, the desire, shame, guilt,
excitement and shadiness of the process. Bechdel, unremitting in her exploration
of her motives, pins down and examines the moral ambiguity of the venture, the
detachment and ruthlessness and terror inherent in exposing those close to you,
along with the mysterious compulsion to do so. It is, as Bechdel's mother says,
a "metabook". But unlike most metabooks it isn't tiring or draining; it's
exhilarating.

On a purely human and unliterary level, one has to admire Bechdel's largeness of
spirit. She is sharply, intelligently, brutally critical of her mother's
failings - her remoteness, her chilliness, her uninterrogated favouring of
Bechdel's brothers - and supremely generous, compassionate and unbitter. She
quotes Virginia Woolf saying that as soon as she wrote To the Lighthouse, "I
ceased to be obsessed by my mother. I no longer hear her voice; I do not see
her... I expressed some very long felt and deeply felt emotion. And in
expressing it I explained it and then laid it to rest." Surely something similar
is at work here.

I haven't encountered a book about being an artist, or about the punishing
entanglements of mothers and daughters, as engaging, profound or original as
this one in a long time.  I walked around for days after reading it seeing
little bits and snatches of my own life as Alison Bechdel drawings.

© NYT

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 22, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Another April, and a Tragedy on the Great River

BYLINE: HENRY MITCHELL

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B2; HENRY MITCHELL

LENGTH: 922 words


Always at this time of year I think of those 2,000 bodies that floated into the
Memphis harbor after one of the dreadful accidents, or crimes, in our history.

The Sultana, a Mississippi River steamer, had chugged up from Louisiana,
stopping at Vicksburg to take on war prisoners for return to Illinois, when the
boilers exploded on April 27, 1865. The war was over, the prisoners were
jubilant for home. Most of them had been in Andersonville. Hardly any of them
were older than 19, and most were suffering from war or prison injuries. Many
had lost legs or arms.

The steamboat stopped at Memphis but the soldiers were not allowed to get off.
Some of them who cared little, perhaps, for law and order, somehow managed to
get to the waterfront dives of Memphis and some of these, drunk, failed to get
back on the boat. One of them hired a boat to take him across the river to a
fueling station and was safely aboard in time for the disaster.

It was pitch black and cold when the explosion shot up a wall of fire at one end
of the steamboat. A mass of soldiers raced for the other end, and then the ship
turned about so that wind moved the mountain of fire over the young men. Many
were burned fatally but others jumped overboard and drowned. The river, swollen
by the melting ice of the northern states, floods over the lowlands and can
present a width of 10 miles, with trees poking up from the flooded farm land of
Arkansas. On the Tennessee side the city sits on high bluffs, from which a
virtual sea spreads out to the west.

One youth climbed on a horse, borne to him by the swift current, and felt lucky
until the horse began swimming toward the inferno of the Sultana. The horse in
the dark cold chose light and warmth. The soldier then spotted a dead mule
floating past and abandoned the horse for the mule carcass, which carried him
safe and sound to harbor.

Another man, terrified by the sheets of fire, raced to the wooden box holding
the ship's mascot, an alligator. He killed the beast, which was wrong, of
course, and somewhat like killing an albatross, but justice is blind and he also
sailed safe to the Memphis levee.

A congressman swam to a tree and sat in the freezing branches until rescued.

But most died. Their bodies were taken from the harbor up the cobblestones of
the levee and laid out for some blocks. Most were naked and the Sisters of
Charity were much occupied putting red flannel drawers on them and giving what
comfort they could.

The World Almanac estimates the dead at 1,450. Other estimates reach 2,000.

Except in Memphis, only moderate attention was paid to the loss of these Union
soldiers, which was recorded, if memory serves, on Page 4 of The New York Times.
Attention was fixed on the death of President Lincoln, who had died on April 15,
and whose funeral train was proceeding across the country to massive
demonstrations of grief.

In time there was a congressional investigation. Sabotage was suspected, but
nothing was ever clearly established.

It did occur to almost everybody that the steamboat was never meant to hold
2,000 men. Even in the excitement of returning war prisoners the ship's capacity
should have been about 600.

But there had been irregularities -- perhaps bribes or kickbacks or illegal
pressure -- exerted by some in the steamboat business to get the lucrative trade
of transporting the soldiers home. The Sultana, however, had indulged in no such
shadiness, and apparently was rewarded by being grossly overloaded.

There are commonly unforeseen effects from rewarding the righteous -- such as
the loss of 2,000 men instead of 600.

The slaughter of mascots is an evil thing, especially the alligator that was a
usual totem of steamboats. An evil choice may be the best choice, a thing that
upsets the simple (who commonly get along nicely by pretending their own choices
are invariably virtuous).

Soldiers, and indeed others, should not as a rule be encouraged to hang out in
waterfront dives with unsavory companions, yet in the Sultana case they survived
better than any other group. I, at least, do not wish they had lawfully stayed
aboard, or that they had returned (like good soldiers) in time for the sailing.

Trading a live horse for a dead mule is not prudent commerce in general, yet it
was the best deal in his life for one soldier.

And I say nothing of the congressman swimming like hell to reach some tree
branches in the icy water, except to say I hope he got God's own plenty of bean
soup on returning to the Capitol.

How the Sisters of Mercy were able to provide so many red flannel drawers in an
emergency I cannot imagine, but they went all out.

You might think congressional investigations and court martials would turn up
the cause of the explosion, but the matter was never settled. The horror of the
Sultana, with its tide of dead enemy soldiers, preceded by six years the coming
of yellow fever, in which a third of the city died or moved away. For some years
the city was not the stronghold of American optimism.

I have rather a large painting of the Sultana in flames on my stair wall, the
river thick with desperate men. People using stairs rarely look at pictures, but
the few who do look probably think it odd and wonder why it's there.

It reminds me of my country. It reminds me of a world we try not to dwell on, or
in. The thing that gets me, every time I pass it, is that all the guys thought
they were going home, their warfare, so to speak, accomplished. So damned young.
Part of me wants to be reminded.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, SUSAN DAVIS FOR TWP

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              142 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                              July 27, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Convenient truths of a CBD

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. A008

LENGTH: 939  words


Convenient truths of a CBD The Best Secret Public Bathroom in Canberra. Photo:
MEL EDWARDS Oslo public toilets in the French national colours of red white and
blue.

I t's no wonder that citizens feel a special fondness for their city's public
lavatories they have been glad to dash to in extremis.

Knowing this, the entertaining New York daily weblog The Gothamite has run an
occasional series wittily called Game Of Thrones: The Best "Secret" Bathrooms In
Manhattan. It invites people who know Gotham intimately well to share
information about welcome out- of-the-way lavatories they have stumbled across.
Contributors usually give a little, descriptive hymn of praise of the facility.

The newest post on Mel Edwards' pixblog Nah (no), it's Canberra (much praised by
this column) is this noble-looking lavatory door. The caption explains (but
teases) that we are looking at another in the series "Best 'Secret' Bathrooms in
Manhattan: Columbus Circle: In the Time-Warner Center: 'Always clean, never seen
a wait, they even have fancy Dyson hand dryers'. " But then, having teased us
like this, photographer-blogger Edwards confesses that "Nah, it's the Best
'Secret' Bathroom in Canberra. Civic: In a parking building: 'Always clean,
never had to wait, they even have a fancy intercom you use to access them.'

" This is quintessential Nah, it's Canberra because Edwards is making the point
that when you keep your wits about you and haunt the city's less-haunted nooks
and crannies and alleys, there is such visual diversity that you might imagine
yourself elsewhere in the world. For July alone she shows us places we might
imagine, to look at them, are variously in England's Wiltshire, on the French
border of Switzerland, in Los Angeles, in the Czech republic and in the Disney
Pixar film Toy Story. But nah, in every case we are in endlessly diverse
Canberra.

If there is, still, anyone left on Earth so dumb as to drone to you that
Canberra is dull and monotonous, then it is efficacious (although of course one
cannot educate a mug) to prescribe Nah, its Canberra for them. Homesick
Canberrans estranged from this city against their will (by work, say) are very
fond of the blog and tell Edwards so.

And we remind our city fathers that public lavatories can be a witty adornment
to a city.

Recently, in the CBD of witty Oslo, your columnist had the bewildering choice of
these three unisex toilets. In the French national colours of red white and
blue, the conveniences are called respectively Liberte, Fraternite and Egalite.
Meanwhile out at the National Arboretum, is that a prehistoric forest of 150
million years ago?

Nah, it's today's forest 32 made up of trees of the "living dinosaur" Wollemia
nobilis the Wollemi pine.

Loyal readers will know this column has been a bit Wollemi fixated lately, and
that we've been running reports from readers of places in the world where
they've come across it representing us (like Nick Kyrgios, but without the
tantrums).

The pines, horticulturally mysterious, can be notoriously hard to grow. But a
reader rejoices to tell us that she has one thriving in a big pot on the balcony
of her 14th-floor apartment overlooking Lake Burley Griffin. Tiny when she
bought it some years ago, it has sauntered slowly but steadily to a height of
about "five feet" in the ye olde measurements.

It gets oodles of light but no direct sunlight at all, and likes this, perhaps
because it mimics the shadiness of the deep canyon where the Tarzan-agile David
Noble found the genus doing well in 1994. But another factor in the 14th-floor
Wollemi's success may be that from its balcony it has an inspirational view of
Parliament House.

Potted things need a vista.

And taking of Australia's parliament houses it seems that in July 1915 not a
single parliamentarian of consequence (with federal parliament sitting in
Melbourne in those days) stirred his stumps to go out to a deserving Melbourne
occasion.

We have always warned there would be a khaki-coloured, Boy's Own selectivity
about what our leaders choose to commemorate and choose to ignore during the
centenary of the Great War.

Sure enough the 100th anniversary of a significant (but unglamorous) Australian
event of the Great War has come and gone, apparently (we hope we're wrong)
without an official mention let alone a ceremony of some kind.

It was the 100th anniversary of the July 1915 day when the first shipload of
Australian war wounded arrived home at Melbourne.

The boys had been sent away by lots of dignitary-enriched crowds and fanfares,
but had come home to no welcome at all.

Is this the universal fate of the universal soldier across all time?

And, alas, even at the time the significant homecoming of July 1915 was
shamefully ignored.

As reported in Friday's Gang- gang, a columnist of the day fumed with shame that
"Nobody of any official consequence thought it worthwhile to go down and meet
the first lot of Australian wounded returned from the war ... Somebody blundered
and the blunder is irreparable".

Among Melbourne's other ashamed caught up in the blunder was socialite "Clio",
the Melbourne Punch columnist.

"We women feel dreadfully cheated over the return of the first of our wounded
from the Dardanelles ... these brave men - to our shame be it said - were
[because the blunder left we women not notified] received without a cheer, and,
what is worse, without a sandwich or a cup of coffee.

A committee of women should have been at Spencer-street to give the men going on
to Sydney and Brisbane afternoon tea before boarding their train, and each sent
off with enough sandwiches, fruit, and cigarettes to see them through the
journey."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2015 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Golden State puts trust in Davis

BYLINE: Marc J. Spears NBA beat reporter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 549 words


During the final stretch of the regular season, one of the Nuggets' toughest
opponents will be the Golden State Warriors.

Golden State?

Yes, Baron Davis' Warriors.

Missed in all the praise coming the Nuggets' way is that the Warriors are the
Western Conference's second-hottest team. Even so, Golden State will miss the
playoffs for an NBA-worst 11th consecutive season. But with all-star guard Davis
running the show for an entire year next season, the Warriors will be
playoff-bound, and one of the league's top young teams.

"We can be real good," Davis said. "We can be as good as we allow ourselves to
be."

Though Golden State's struggles have not made it the most desirable place to
play, Davis couldn't wait to get there. As bad as things were with the Warriors,
he thought it was worse in New Orleans.

The Hornets were plagued by injuries and were losing regularly. Davis also had a
beef with the franchise because he was not allowed to use his personal trainer
at practice. He wanted out of New Orleans and got his wish Feb. 24, when he was
traded to Golden State for center Dale Davis (now with Indiana) and guard Speedy
Claxton.

"It's a learning process," Davis said. "New Orleans is a great city. I met a lot
of friends. Everything besides basketball was great. Basketball taught me to
believe in me and to trust in myself and other people.

"I had a fresh start to prove to people I can still play. People forget. This is
the best chance to prove people wrong."

Golden State didn't question whether Baron Davis could play, but there was
concern about how many games he would be able to play.

Davis, who turns 26 on Wednesday, has been hampered by knee, back and ankle
injuries the past two years and appeared in only 17 games this season before
being sidelined by a bruised Achilles tendon.

There also have been concerns about his weight. But after Warriors executive
vice president Chris Mullin checked Davis' medical history, Mullin was
comfortable making the swap for the player for a reportedly uninsured contract
with four years and $63 million remaining.

"I have no long-term worries," Davis said about his injuries.

The Warriors were 16-38 before Davis arrived. Since, they are 15-7 and 11-2
since he became a starter (entering today's game against San Antonio). He is
averaging 18.3 points, 8.3 assists and 1.68 steals through 22 games and scored a
career-high 40 points last week against Houston. Golden State has won six
consecutive road games for the first time since the 1968-69 season. The Warriors
finished March 10-6, their first 10-win month since April 1994.

Davis also brings leadership to the club. He has spoken to young stars Jason
Richardson and Troy Murphy and veterans alike.

"Being a point guard is being a leader," Davis said. "I told the guys I'm here
to win and make you better players.

"They trusted me from the get-go. That's why we are playing good basketball. We
trust each other. There's no animosity."

The Warriors have been striving to bring playoff basketball back to the Bay
Area. Davis has the talent and drive to make it happen.

"It would be a tremendous feeling," Davis said. "These people have done nothing
but accept me, receive me well and want the best for me. No hidden agendas. No
shadiness."

Marc J. Spears talks NBA at 4 p.m. weekly Thursdays on ESPN 560 AM.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           October 31, 2007 Wednesday

The Nosebleed Section: Suspicion spells sleaze in recruiting

BYLINE: By LELAND GORDON-Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 655 words


As a member of the media, one of the most sacred tenets I am supposed to believe
in (and live by) is that people are presumed innocent until proven guilty.

In prep sports, if you've been cited for 54 violations regarding recruitment,
you may not be guilty, but you sure as hell are sleazy. If you have a horde of
players from a distant island playing for your football team and their listed
residencies are properties you own, then you're sleazy.

We have no need for sleaze in public schools and prep sports. There's enough of
that in reality television.

We have district boundaries and school zones and we have rules that make sure no
team gets a competitive advantage when it comes to which kids go to which
schools. Kids in Willows can't just choose to attend Chico High because they
want to, for example. If they live in Willows they need to go to Willows High
and if they change schools, they must obey strict rules set forth by the
California Interscholastic Federation.

Because of all the sleaziness in one football program, thousands of athletes at
a Stockton high school won't be able to play in the postseason while
representing Franklin High. And I don't mean just this year.

The Sac-Joaquin Section of the CIF was on sleaze patrol when it punished
Franklin High on Tuesday with the stiffest penalty ever dropped upon a school:
no football games until after the 2009 season and as of now, all of Franklin's
winter and spring teams are banned from postseason competition.

It's filthy. It's downright disgusting. It makes me want to puke. And I'm not
talking about the extremely harsh punishment, which it can be argued is
justifiable.

The SJS has alleged that a Franklin assistant and his mother in American Samoa
are guilty of contacting students there and paying for their airfare to the
U.S., and then finding them housing in Stockton. SJS sent a pair of
investigators all the way to the South Pacific over the summer and reported that
seven former Franklin players said at least half their airfare was paid for by
people associated with the Franklin program.

The Stockton Unified School District's Superintendent, Jack McLaughlin, told the
Modesto Bee on Tuesday that the district is "refuting all kinds of things in
that report. There's very little hard evidence."

Maybe there isn't any evidence. Maybe there is. I don't care.

This is sleaze to the nth degree, even if it turns out that the allegations are
extremely overblown. Every other prep football coach at public schools across
this beautiful state doesn't have contacts across the Pacific Ocean. I can
guarantee that there aren't many kids (if any) who suited up for Pleasant Valley
High or Las Plumas High walking around on that island. Yet the SJS found eight
families who had kids involved with the Franklin program.

That's shady, and if you're being shady in prep sports, you're spitting in the
face of fair competition, even if you aren't guilty of recruiting violations.
Shadiness equals culpability.

Obviously you want your kid's prep sports coach (in any sport) to have the
desire to win. You want that coach to do everything in their power to build a
winner. But honestly, would you want your kid's coach to be involved with
getting Samoans to come to America and play on your kid's team?

I hope not.

Coaches in high school should find their talent within their school. Plain and
simple. If there isn't enough talent at your school, tough. You get what you get
and you are the man assigned to getting the best out of that group through
developing that talent.

So the kids at Franklin get the shaft because of adults making terrible,
unethical decisions. Way to go, Tom Verner and Co.

You adults may not be as guilty as everyone thinks you are, but you're still
sleazy.

Sports writer Leland Gordon's prep sports column appears Thursdays and his blog
can be found at www.norcalblogs.com/nosebleed. He can be reached by phone at
896-7769 or by e-mail at lgordon@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 6, 2005 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

HONOLULU GETS HIP;
MORE THAN JUST GORGEOUS BEACHES, CITY GAINS IN SOPHISTICATION

BYLINE: Cary Darling, Fort Worth Star-Telegram

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. L-10

LENGTH: 1344 words


"I love this city!"

Those four simple words wouldn't raise an eyebrow coming from someone in Paris
or New York, where thousands of visitors annually swoon along the streets. But
Honolulu hasn't always gotten a lot of love as an urban destination. In fact,
for many travelers, Honolulu is just a string of tiki-tacky Waikiki tourist
traps.

But with a small but growing club and cafe scene downtown and an infusion of
upscale boutique shopping and nightlife amid Waikiki's T-shirt-and-towel
sundries, Honolulu is starting to put itself on the hipster map.

For Patrick Park, a 39-year-old former Southern Californian who is now in love
with H-town, the city's subdued energy is contagious.

"The best of all worlds is nature, beach, weather and culture," says Mr. Park, a
Morgan Stanley financial adviser and former club DJ who has lived and toured all
over the United States and Europe. "Honolulu doesn't have the best of
everything, but at least it has everything. It doesn't need to be Manhattan.
It's not Paris, but it's subtle and kind of hidden."

Honolulu isn't exactly an unknown quantity. The city of about 900,000 on the
island of Oahu came in seventh -- above Boston and San Diego -- in Conde Nast
Traveler magazine's 2004 Readers Choice Awards. According to the 2005 National
Leisure Travel Monitor, it outpaces the likes of New York, San Diego, Los
Angeles and Palm Springs as the city those between the ages of 26 and 40 and
those 25 and under most want to visit.

But if it's the promise of endless beach that lures them, the city's increasing
sophistication may surprise them. From trendy restaurants such as the
Eurasian-fusion Indigo to the Contemporary Art Museum, dance clubs such as the
Living Room (where the cast of "Lost" sometimes can be found) to local fashions
designed by Zana Tsutakawa and brothers John and Gerald Polyasckos, there's
almost as much to do indoors these days in Honolulu as outdoors.

This is especially true in the often forgotten downtown/Chinatown area, where a
quiet revolution is taking place along Hotel Street. Once alive with celebratory
soldiers and sailors on leave, where every day was V-E Day, the area degenerated
in recent years to a haven for drug dealers and vagrants.

Still, there was an upside: cheap real estate. So when Gelareh Khoie, inspired
by the urban bohemia of San Francisco and London, decided to open an
art/music/fashion space a year ago, she opted for Hotel Street. Today, her
thirtyninehotel -- named after its address and not a hotel -- has been a
neighborhood spark with the music- and film-oriented Next Door (where some of
the Cinema Paradise independent film festival takes place) and Bar 35 (with its
selection of more than 100 beers) popping up on either side.

Around the corner is Indigo and the Hawaii Theater, a beautifully restored 1922
rococo movie palace that now plays host to a range of visiting alt-rockers from
Sigur Ros to Aimee Mann. Gallery Night, the first Friday of the month when the
galleries stay open late, draws large crowds.

But it's all still cheek-by-jowl with old-school, wartime Honolulu: The
hard-drinking Smith's Union Bar, one of the oldest bars on the island, and
Chinatown -- the long-running, close-knit home of the Chinese-Hawaiian business
community -- remain the same as they ever were.

Not to mention there are still days and weeknights when the aimless and the
homeless outnumber the new urban gentry. And, as many of Honolulu's critics have
noted over the years, the city's traffic can be stifling and much of the urban
panorama is full of blandly ordinary architecture. But Khoie remains optimistic.

"People are developing more urban sensibilities. Lots of people are moving here
from the mainland," she says. "And there's a group that's been trying to develop
the arts and culture district in Chinatown for several years. They've been
fighting the drugs and shadiness for a long time. A lot of people think
Chinatown is really dangerous. But three years ago, there were only eight
galleries participating in Gallery Night; now there are 24. The movement I've
been longing for has arrived."

Halfway between downtown grit and Waikiki glitz lies Fisherman's Wharf, a
pierside restaurant that four nights a week morphs into the Living Room. With a
musical menu ranging from underground hip-hop to R&B, a wall of glass
overlooking the water and a 4 a.m. closing time, the Living Room is one of the
hottest hangouts of the moment.

Of course, Waikiki remains Honolulu's most famous neighborhood, but city
officials admit that in recent years it had fallen closer to flea market than
upmarket. But more than $1.5 billion in private and public investment --
including newly bricked paving and waterfalls along signature Kalakaua Avenue --
has transformed the area.

Today, the likes of Dior, Louis Vuitton, Yves Saint Laurent, Tiffany and Cartier
line Kalakaua with sparkling new stores, and more are coming. Ferragamo will
open in November. "We had some negative responses back in the '80s and
mid-'90s," says Les Enderton, executive director of the Oahu Visitors Bureau,
regarding tourists visiting Waikiki. "But over the last six to seven years,
those kind of remarks have diminished markedly."

One of the catalysts in Waikiki's rebirth was the opening of the W Hotel in the
late '90s. Its Wonderlounge, a more upscale mirror of the downtown clubs, is
where the see-and-be-seen society kicks back. W's entry into the market occurred
as other hotels, such as Aston Waikiki Beach Hotel with its "Aloha with
attitude" catchphrase, decided to go for a retro-surf-tiki chic .

But the new Honolulu is about more than supping, shopping and sleeping. A clutch
of small but well-curated museums deserves to be on any visitor's itinerary.

The Contemporary Museum, in a stunning setting in the hills overlooking the
city, has put together some intriguing shows such as the just-opened Situation
Comedy: Humor in Recent Art, a traveling exhibit of more than 50 paintings,
sculptures, photos and installations that tie together comedy and modern art.
Separately, David Hockney's L'Enfant et les Sortileges installation takes up an
entire room.

If the art doesn't appeal to you, the lush grounds and sculpture garden
(including Michael Lin's giant tennis-court-turned artwork Tennis Dessus) offer
a green zone for contemplation, meditation or quiet conversation away from the
hustle of the city.

The Honolulu Academy of Arts and the Bishop Museum and Planetarium take a more
historical approach, offering artifacts from Asia and Polynesia, areas that
provided much of Hawaii's population. The Academy also has a limited but
interesting modern-art room, with works from Francis Bacon and Richard
Diebenkorn, among others.

As Hawaii is the only state once to have had a royal ruling family, a visit to
the 'Iolani Palace is a must. This National Historic Landmark was built for King
David Kalakaua and ceased to be a monarch's mansion in 1893 with the end of the
reign of Queen Lili'uokalani and the addition of Hawaii to American territory.

Of course, one of Honolulu's biggest tourist attractions remains Pearl Harbor,
with its USS Arizona and USS Bowfin Submarine museums and other sites of
interest.

It's this newfound balance between old and recent attractions, the expected and
the unexpected, that's making Honolulu such an undiscovered urban treasure. And
locals are confident. Honolulu rapper Emirc (pronounced "immerse") tapped into
the feeling of civic patriotism when he encouraged concertgoers at the recent
Unity05 concert here to "Throw your H's up in the air."

Patrick Park, who moved to Honolulu in March 2004, is one of those who may not
be literally following Emirc's advice, but he shares the sentiments. "When
you're from L.A., nothing really feels new. And then living in Amsterdam, it
really makes me even more picky. My standards are pretty high, partying in
Paris, London, Ibiza," he says. "But from what I've experienced, Honolulu's
pretty good. ... And there are a lot of people coming here from all over the
country."

IF YOU GO

Honolulu

* Information: www.co.honolulu.hi.us.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Tony Cheng/Associated Press: The promise of endless beach lures
people to Honolulu, but the city's increasing sophistication and culture are
likely to surprise them.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              146 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday

OUR VIEW;
PUBLIC'S RIGHT TO KNOW?

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 535 words


To us newshounds of varying or nonexistent pedigree, it comes as confirmation of
what we continually suspect from public servants whose shenanigans we try to
bring you every morning. But this one's a real lulu:

A big boss at the Environmental Protection Agency's enforcement office has
decreed that anybody getting inquiries from reporters, congressional
investigators, or even the agency's own inspector general, shouldn't answer
them.

Rather, says the EPA official who heads the Office of Enforcement and Compliance
Assurance, send the questions on to one of our two top "press officers" -- and
be sure to copy me on the proceedings.

According to one of those press officers, this is merely "to ensure consistency
and coordination" among those responding to inspector-general and congressional
reports. Far be it from us to restrict conversation between anybody and the
press, or investigative bodies.

And if you believe that, you'll believe that the Bush EPA cares about the
environment. Its decision on the Desert Rock coal-electric plant planned for the
Shiprock area of the Navajo Reservation will, most likely, set you straight on
that point during the next couple of days.

What this in-house EPA directive is, en realidad, is an attempt at
posterior-covering.

So if it's an internal memo, how is it that the entire country knows about it?
Because someone in the agency saw it as the exercise in sneakiness that it is --
and passed along a copy to The Washington Post. Just like in the movie Three
Days of the Condor -- or, in real life, during Watergate.

This doesn't rise to president-toppling levels; it just reaffirms what so many
Americans have come to think of our government. And it serves to warn arrogant
political hacks: Sooner or later, the public you purport to serve is going to
find out about your high-handedness.

To the Union of Concerned Scientists, some of the most respected advocates of
our battered and besmoked planet, it's attitudes and orders like this that keep
EPA's researchers from speaking out on behalf of their fellow citizens' health
and safety. This spring, a survey of the agency's 1,600 scientists showed a
majority of them having been hit with political interference during the past
five years.

Surprise, surprise -- especially in light of yesterday's front-page story about
the Bush Justice Department violating law by hiring folks according to their
politics.

But the idea of government by secrecy, of managing news through
"public-information officers" isn't limited to either party, or to any level of
government. Here in New Mexico, the Bill Richardson administration does the same
thing with great regularity, using public-relations people to cover such stunts
as the now-stalled deal to turn Santa Fe's highway-department headquarters into
a private-development, and last summer's shadiness surrounding the Elías Rivera
art show.

This is timeless political behavior, and it led the late and legendary Chicago
cop reporter/columnist Mike Royko to say that reporters should have the same
relationship with politicians that a barking dog has with a chicken thief.

Sometimes we bark too late, or not loudly enough, but there's still some growl
left in us, so politicians -- beware.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for caption and photographer info.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              147 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 1, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Republicans End Silence On Troubles Of President

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1160 words

DATELINE: BILOXI, Miss., Feb. 28


After weeks of largely collective restraint, many of the nation's most prominent
Republicans unleashed scathing attacks on President Clinton this weekend,
asserting that his relationship with a White House intern raised questions about
his moral fitness for office.

Until now, many leading Republicans had been careful to stay silent regarding
the ever-changing accusations swirling about Mr. Clinton. But with an audience
of more than 1,600 mostly conservative Republicans from 13 states, party leaders
addressing the Southern Republican Leadership Conference here could not resist
firing biting partisan salvos at the President. Several asserted, for example,
that Mr. Clinton was an appalling role model for the children of this country.

The intensity of the critiques may stem, at least in part, from a frustration
among Republicans that the accusations and investigations have not eroded Mr.
Clinton's impressive job-approval standing in the polls. Several speakers were
clearly calibrating their comments to this core Republican audience in efforts
to gain advantage in the early positioning for the 2000 Presidential race.

But the political spectacle under way at this mini-Las Vegas of casinos and
clubs that has sprouted on the Gulf of Mexico may also serve as a preview of the
midterm elections as Republicans search for ways to set themselves apart from
Democrats. While some speakers talked of the usual Republican brew of issues
like cutting taxes, the rebukes of Mr. Clinton were the only unified message at
this biennial gathering.

Judging by the energetic response from the conservatives here, the scandal over
Monica S. Lewinsky, a former White House intern, has at the very least
reaffirmed the notion that one of the most effective ways to excite loyal
members of a political party is to ridicule rivals. The scandal centers on
whether the President had a sexual relationship with Ms. Lewinsky and then
sought to have her lie about it.

"I am here to challenge the idea that the President's conduct doesn't make a
difference," said former Gov. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, who sought the
Republican Presidential nomination in 1996 and is gearing up to run again in
2000.

"It's a national embarrassment that at a time when our greatest challenge is
teaching our children the difference between right and wrong, Bill Clinton's not
the right man to have in the White House," he said in an interview. "If he were
the head of a large company, he'd be fired. If he were a Cabinet officer, he'd
be indicted. If he were a military commander, he'd be court-martialed."

Defending his sharp comments, Mr. Alexander said: "Republican audiences welcome
someone saying why it makes a difference. They are surprised that no one has
been saying that."

Former Vice President Dan Quayle drew cheers of approval from the audience when
he made several jokes about the accusations enveloping the President. "My
friends," he said, "I'm proud to announce that I have a very tough anti-crime
proposal for our party. And here's the centerpiece of our anti-crime plan: Three
interns -- and you're out!"

But Mr. Quayle devoted much of his speech to stern comments about what he called
a "disgusting situation" in which, he said, Mr. Clinton has forfeited his moral
authority.

"The Presidency requires total focus, total commitment, total concentration," he
said. "Now, we have a President who has lost credibility with the American
people, who is severely distracted doing his job. This is sad -- and dangerous.
America needs, and deserves, a full-time President."

In keeping with the tone of the event, vendors here reported brisk sales of
anti-Clinton T-shirts and bumper stickers. The most popular stickers declared,
"It Takes a Village Idiot to Believe Clinton," "Lose One for the Zipper. Vote
Republican" and "Jail to the Chief!"

Steve Forbes, the magazine publisher who is preparing his second run for the
Republican Presidential nomination, fired up the crowd, saying, "Has there ever
been a sharper contrast between the goodness of America and the corruption and
the shadiness and the sordidness that we have in the White House today?"

At a breakfast this morning, Senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee, chairman of the
Senate Governmental Affairs Committee, quipped, "I want to make it clear: I'm
not in charge of all governmental affairs."

Sounding a theme that was repeated throughout the weekend, Senator Don Nickles
of Oklahoma, a member of the Senate Republican leadership, said: "Unfortunately,
with Bill Clinton, we're talking about someone you're embarrassed to talk to
your children about. And that's sad."

Mindful, perhaps, that Vice President Al Gore is making headway in his own
candidacy for President, Mr. Nickles and several other speakers sought to lump
his with Mr. Clinton's scandals. Mr. Nickles mocked Mr. Gore's antiseptic
defense last year of his fund-raising practices. The Vice President had said
there was "no controlling legal authority" that prohibited telephone
solicitations from the White House.

"This Administration has no controlling moral authority over its activities,"
Mr. Nickles declared.

Former Gov. Caroll A. Campbell Jr. of South Carolina, who has been friendly with
Mr. Clinton since they were both Southern Governors, joined the criticism today.
Referring to Mr. Clinton, he said, "I'm tired of all the sleaze that follows him
around on television." Mr. Campell added. "We deserve leadership in Washington
that makes us swell with pride, not blush with shame."

Representative J.C. Watts Jr. of Oklahoma, declared: "Friends, what has happened
to us when a high school football or basketball coach has to live to a higher
standard than the President of the United States?"

Patricia S. Harrison, co-chairwoman of the Republican National Committee, broke
from her party's earlier plan to avoid direct attacks on accusations involving
Mr. Clinton's personal life. "Ladies and gentlemen," she said, "who would have
thought that we'd need a V-chip to watch the evening news? Do you remember? We
were promised the most ethical Administration in American history."

Even Ralph Reed, the political consultant who had warned Republicans not to
devote too much of their energy to Mr. Clinton's troubles, lashed out at the
President. "We should not have to usher our children out of the room when a
story about the President comes on television," he said, asserting that "the
stench of scandal" has "crippled this Administration."

Gov. Tom Ridge of Pennsylvania was one of the few prominent Republicans here who
said he believed that party members should worry about their own problems and
not be so gleeful about the President's troubles. "Let's get about
distinguishing ourselves from the President," he said in an interview. "I think
the broader, more important, issue is what do Americans think today is the
difference between the two parties? And right now, I'll bet they're a little
confused."


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Former Vice President Dan Quayle greeted supporters at Friday's
session of the Southern Republican Leadership Conference in Biloxi, Miss., where
he and others criticized President Clinton as a role model. (Lee Celano for The
New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              148 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Numbers game vital for Ireland's Rugby World Cup bid;
OFF THE FENCE

BYLINE: DENIS WALSH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 830 words


YOU will have seen the numbers elsewhere during the week. For a story like this
the numbers are often double-barrelled with a companion denomination in
brackets. Two numbers speeds up the process of not remembering one. What did it
cost New Zealand to host the last Rugby World Cup? What did they gain? What did
they lose? What does it mean for us? The numbers are biddable. Like those
reversible jackets that were popular in the 1980s, you can wear the numbers
inside or out.

Ireland have only started in the numbers game and, so far, the numbers are
wearing the green jersey. Deloitte have made projections which the government
have accepted as good reason to proceed with a bid that was on their minds long
before those numbers twinkled in a consultant's eye.

There's no need to remember those numbers either. If Ireland's bid to host the
2023 Rugby World Cup gains altitude the numbers will keep spinning like a
roulette wheel. Example: original estimates of how many rugby tourists would
arrive in New Zealand for the last tournament stood at about 80,000: in the
event, 133,000 showed up. Who knew?

If New Zealand's experience of hosting the tournament is the benchmark for
Ireland's bid then we are in a strong position. They spent over (EURO)200m on
upgrading their stadia; enhancements on that scale won't be necessary here.
Major refurbishments are already on stream for Ravenhill and Pairc Ui Chaoimh,
for example, regardless of whether Ireland's bid is successful or not.

New Zealand was stretched for hotel beds; during the boom we made enough to
sleep another world. The overall capacity of our stadia will be greater too;
venues in places such as Invercargill and Napier, small provincial cities in New
Zealand, were only able to host crowds of less than 20,000. Internal flights
won't be necessary here either. The Rugby World Cup is billed as the third
biggest sporting event in the world but in terms of scale and required
investment it is dwarfed by the Olympics and the soccer World Cup. In every
sense, it is manageable.

The numbers that haven't been raised this week, however, are the votes on the
IRB Council. Demonstrating Ireland's logistical capacity to stage this
tournament won't be a problem; winning the vote will be a massive challenge.

How the system works is that the Rugby World Cup Board will make a
recommendation but the IRB council will ultimately make the decision and all of
the bidding nations will make their pitch to this body, regardless of which bid
has been recommended. There are 26 votes to play for with 16 of those votes
concentrated in the hands of rugby's royal families: the original Five Nations
plus the old www.TriNations.No other nation has declared their hand yet but it
is expected that Italy will bid, Australia can't be entirely ruled out, the USA
might dip their toe in the water, but Ireland's big rival will almost certainly
be South Africa.

They haven't hosted the tournament since 1995 which is a long hiatus for one of
the game's superpowers. South Africa pitched for the 2011 tournament but were
narrowly beaten and the story that circulated later was they had expected
Ireland's support and were extremely disappointed not to have received it.

Unlike the selection processes for soccer's World Cup and the Olympics there has
never been any suggestion of corruption or shadiness in rugby's bidding
mechanism but there is still an element of politics and horse-trading. To secure
the 2007 tournament, for example, France groomed Scotland and Wales by promising
them some matches in the tournament.

One crazy outcome of that deal was that the host nation ended up playing a
quarter-final against New Zealand in Cardiff because they unexpectedly failed to
win their pool. At this early stage the IRFU have no intention of farming out
matches to neighbouring countries in exchange for votes. From a spectator
viewpoint there is a strong history of self-contained tournaments being the most
successful events (Australia in 2003 and New Zealand in 2011 are obvious
examples). Co-hosts wouldn't be a factor in South Africa's bid so for Ireland to
even contemplate that option would weaken their case immediately.

The IRB will crunch the numbers. They cannot afford the World Cup to fail; 96%
of their income comes from this single source. Broadcast contracts form a huge
part of that. England and France are rugby's most lucrative television markets
and Ireland and South Africa both occupy the optimal time zone. The host nation
keeps the gate receipts, which means that the hinterland of rugby nations on
Ireland's doorstep won't necessarily influence the IRB's thinking.

Ultimately, this will come down to canvassing and boardroom politics. Disregard
all the other numbers you've read: this will hinge on tiny numbers that we may
never know.

POSSIBLE VENUES

Aviva stadium Thomond Park Ravenhill Croke Park Pairc Ui Chaoimh (Cork)
Fitzgerald stadium (Killarney) Pearse stadium (Galway) Gaelic Grounds (Limerick)
Casement Park (Belfast)

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Numbers game vital for Ireland's Rugby World Cup bid;
OFF THE FENCE

BYLINE: DENIS WALSH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 831 words


YOU will have seen the numbers elsewhere during the week. For a story like this
the numbers are often double-barrelled with a companion denomination in
brackets. Two numbers speeds up the process of not remembering one. What did it
cost New Zealand to host the last Rugby World Cup? What did they gain? What did
they lose? What does it mean for us? The numbers are biddable. Like those
reversible jackets that were popular in the 1980s, you can wear the numbers
inside or out.

Ireland have only started in the numbers game and, so far, the numbers are
wearing the green jersey. Deloitte have made projections which the government
have accepted as good reason to proceed with a bid that was on their minds long
before those numbers twinkled in a consultant's eye.

There's no need to remember those numbers either. If Ireland's bid to host the
2023 Rugby World Cup gains altitude the numbers will keep spinning like a
roulette wheel. Example: original estimates of how many rugby tourists would
arrive in New Zealand for the last tournament stood at about 80,000: in the
event, 133,000 showed up. Who knew? If New Zealand's experience of hosting the
tournament is the benchmark for Ireland's bid then we are in a strong position.
They spent over (EURO)200m on upgrading their stadia; enhancements on that scale
won't be necessary here. Major refurbishments are already on stream for
Ravenhill and Pairc Ui Chaoimh, for example, regardless of whether Ireland's bid
is successful or not.

New Zealand was stretched for hotel beds; during the boom we made enough to
sleep another world. The overall capacity of our stadia will be greater too;
venues in places such as Invercargill and Napier, small provincial cities in New
Zealand, were only able to host crowds of less than 20,000. Internal flights
won't be necessary here either. The Rugby World Cup is billed as the third
biggest sporting event in the world but in terms of scale and required
investment it is dwarfed by the Olympics and the soccer World Cup. In every
sense, it is manageable.

The numbers that haven't been raised this week, however, are the votes on the
IRB Council. Demonstrating Ireland's logistical capacity to stage this
tournament won't be a problem; winning the vote will be a massive challenge.

How the system works is that the Rugby World Cup Board will make a
recommendation but the IRB council will ultimately make the decision and all of
the bidding nations will make their pitch to this body, regardless of which bid
has been recommended. There are 26 votes to play for with 16 of those votes
concentrated in the hands of rugby's royal families: the original Five Nations
plus the old www.TriNations.No other nation has declared their hand yet but it
is expected that Italy will bid, Australia can't be entirely ruled out, the USA
might dip their toe in the water, but Ireland's big rival will almost certainly
be South Africa.

They haven't hosted the tournament since 1995 which is a long hiatus for one of
the game's superpowers. South Africa pitched for the 2011 tournament but were
narrowly beaten and the story that circulated later was they had expected
Ireland's support and were extremely disappointed not to have received it.

Unlike the selection processes for soccer's World Cup and the Olympics there has
never been any suggestion of corruption or shadiness in rugby's bidding
mechanism but there is still an element of politics and horse-trading. To secure
the 2007 tournament, for example, France groomed Scotland and Wales by promising
them some matches in the tournament. One crazy outcome of that deal was that the
host nation ended up playing a quarter-final against New Zealand in Cardiff
because they unexpectedly failed to win their pool.

At this early stage the IRFU have no intention of farming out matches to
neighbouring countries in exchange for votes. From a spectator viewpoint there
is a strong history of self-contained tournaments being the most successful
events (Australia in 2003 and New Zealand in 2011 are obvious examples).
Co-hosts wouldn't be a factor in South Africa's bid so for Ireland to even
contemplate that option would weaken their case immediately.

The IRB will crunch the numbers. They cannot afford the World Cup to fail; 96%
of their income comes from this single source. Broadcast contracts form a huge
part of that. England and France are rugby's most lucrative television markets
and Ireland and South Africa both occupy the optimal time zone. The host nation
keeps the gate receipts, which means that the hinterland of rugby nations on
Ireland's doorstep won't necessarily influence the IRB's thinking.

Ultimately, this will come down to canvassing and boardroom politics. Disregard
all the other numbers you've read: this will hinge on tiny numbers that we may
never know.

POSSIBLE VENUES

Aviva stadium Thomond Park Ravenhill Croke Park Pairc Ui Chaoimh (Cork)
Fitzgerald stadium (Killarney) Pearse stadium (Galway) Gaelic Grounds (Limerick)
Casement Park (Belfast)

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  August 7, 2000 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HIP-HOP PATRONS FEEL POLICE PRESENCE

BYLINE: GREG FIELDS, Mercury News

SECTION: SILICON VALLEY LIFE; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 576 words


IT'S 1:30 a.m. on a Saturday night at the B-Hive, and the popular San Jose club
is filled to capacity. DJs Vicious V and Jake tha Snake are spinning all the
popular hip-hop jams. Young men and women make plans.

Closing time hits, and it's time to make plans downstairs.

Before anyone can exchange phone numbers, the club's patrons are met with
floodlights, flashlights, bullhorns and shouts from police and club security
guards. "Move it, people!"

Patrons complain that it's harassment. Police expect disturbances at a hip-hop
club, the clubgoers say, so officers treat patrons like criminals when they
leave.

Police say they aren't singling out hip-hop.

"We're just trying to make sure people get home safely," says Sgt. Sergio
Carabarin, who is in charge of police in the Entertainment Zone, the downtown
district that includes the B-Hive, Cactus Club, Usual, Agenda, Voodoo Lounge and
Toons Piano Bar.

Police officers say their closing-time procedure, which includes staggering the
times when clubs let out, is the most effective way of clearing the crowd that
tends to linger after closing time.

"People are wary of the police out here," says Melinda Bentley, 23, who just
started a local hip-hop magazine and has been to B-Hive and other hip-hop shows
in San Jose.

The police are "a prime factor in the San Jose hip-hop scene," she says. "Small
clubs are hesitant to throw anything related to hip-hop."

Carabarin says it isn't hip-hop, the B-Hive or its patrons that are necessarily
causing problems. It's the crowd that gathers in the parking lot next to the
club -- a lot that all the clubs share, the sergeant says.

"Two weeks ago, as we're trying to disperse the crowd, the parking lot crowd
moves to the McDonald's across the street," Carabarin says. "Next thing you
know, some guy pulls out a machine gun and blasts some dude in the leg."

City regulations say clubs are responsible for clearing sidewalks and parking
lots after closing time. Because of the problems, the B-Hive joined with Club
369 to let their customers go at separate times, says B-Hive general manager
Bretta Hembree. This enabled their security to handle the crowds better.

Carabarin extended the staggered closing to the rest of the clubs in the
district. At the same time, police began shining lights on patrons when they
leave the club. The procedure has been effective, says Scott Knies, executive
director of the San Jose Downtown Association.

"It definitely gets the job done. I saw it firsthand. You could hear a pin drop
after 2:30 a.m.," Knies says. "What we need to ask ourselves is this: Is this
what we want to clear the streets out?"

Just because it works doesn't mean it's warranted, says Walter Wilson, executive
director of the state National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People. He says officers seem to exert their presence more on people leaving the
B-Hive. and has been videotaping the area for three weeks.

"The first time I came here, it was three cops in front of B-Hive. One in front
of the club and two in the street. Now it's even more," he says. "And they were
only doing this in front of the B-Hive."

Tired of the hassle, Shaya Bekele quit going to the club.

"I'm not really a big fan of police, and I've seen enough shadiness from the San
Jose police force to reinforce my dislike," he says. "It's a fear factor. They
think it's too many ethnic people in a concentrated area to be comfortable."

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            December 9, 2016 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Is Hamilton fever taking over the auction world?

BYLINE: By Aswin Mannepalli; Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 765 words


Popular culture and the state of the economy have long driven the auction
market, says Bill Panagopulos, president of Alexander Historical Auctions.

These days, the popularity of the Broadway musical Hamilton and a heated
election cycle have caused material from America's Revolutionary era to perform
well on the auction block, he said.

A signature by Alexander Hamilton was valued at $750 and attracted a winning bid
of $7,500, a tenfold rise, he said.

Alexander Historical Auctions will offer materials from this period for sale in
Wilmington on Saturday.

Alasdair Nichol, vice chairman of Freeman's, the venerable Center City auction
house, has also seen evidence of a Hamilton effect. "People are cognizant of
it," he said. "It's making people think this will be the time to sell Hamilton
material."

He cited a recent sale of a first edition of The Federalist Papers - Hamilton
was one of three coauthors - that had been owned by William and Mary Scranton.
The two-volume set with an inscription was estimated to sell for $60,000 to
$90,000. It ended up going for $93,750.

While the 2008 recession hobbled U.S. auctions, the market for Americana seems
to have recovered.

Printed and manuscript Americana auctions never broke $660,000 from 2008 to
2012, but every sale since then has beaten that level, said Rick Stattler, an
Americana expert and director at New York-based Swann Galleries. "This year we
held three general Americana auctions for the first time."

Technology has transformed the way people participate in auctions.

The internet and electronic bidding have greatly increased the bidder pool.

Opening up auctions to the wider world has also changed the nature of
collecting. While fewer buyers now maintain large collections, more people are
buying historic memorabilia at auction.

They typically collect anywhere from five to 25 pieces for decoration and tend
to hold them longer.

Collecting has allowed even midsized auction houses such as Alexander Historical
Auctions to serve international clients. Nearly 30 percent of the firm's revenue
come from Australian, British, and French memorabilia, which draws customers
from those nations. A buyer in Hong Kong recently paid $120,000 for a document
signed by Mao Tse-tung.

Stattler noted that European buyers tend to focus on the Western frontier and
Native Americans. Asian collectors have a preference for early American oceanic
trade that touches on Asia.

The digitization and globalization of the market can create more opportunities
for fraud. Panagopulos said he works with the FBI, National Archives, and the
Department of Homeland Security to authenticate older materials and return
stolen items to their proper owners.

Sotheby's was recently accused by Alexander Ivanov, a Russian billionaire and
Fabergé egg collector, of advertising two fakes.

Sotheby's said it identified anomalies with both icons before they were sold and
withdrew them. The auction house also announced the creation of a forensic unit
led by a former FBI investigator to detect fraud.

"There's a lot of shadiness out there," Panagopulos said. "But after 30 years I
think I have a pretty good read on what is and isn't authentic."

Panagopulos was a history buff long before he worked in the field. In 1992,
after a 15-year career in the shipping business, he wanted to do something that
channeled his passion for collecting Civil War-era autographs.

The result was Alexander Historical Auctions in Chesapeake City, Md., which
helps buyers and sellers trade cataloged and authenticated memorabilia such as
autographs, documents, and imprints.

The company now generates nearly $10 million in revenue a year, Panagopulos
said. Clients include the Smithsonian Institution, the National Archives, the
University of Michigan, and the University of Virginia.

When he first started, movies such as Glory, Gettysburg, and Ken Burns'
documentaries on the American Civil War generated a surge in demand in material
from that era.

Hamilton the musical seems to be playing a similar role, although fascination
with the founding period runs deep. Benjamin L. Truesdale, Freeman's specialist
in rare books, maps, and manuscripts, wrote that auction records of the last few
decades "reveal a fascination with the foundation of the New Republic, which I
suspect will likely be among us for years to come."

"Franklin materials are also in demand," he noted. A 1779 edition of his
Political, Miscellaneous, and Philosophical Pieces was estimated at $2,500 to
$4,000 during a Freeman's auction in September.

It fetched $5,938.

amannepalli@philly.com

215-854-2507 @mannepalliaswin

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOAN MARCUS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            December 9, 2016 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Is Hamilton fever taking over the auction world?

BYLINE: Aswin Mannepalli; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Biz; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 771 words


Popular culture and the state of the economy have long driven the auction
market, says Bill Panagopulos, president of Alexander Historical Auctions.

These days, the popularity of the Broadway musical Hamilton and a heated
election cycle have caused material from America's Revolutionary era to perform
well on the auction block, he said.

A signature by Alexander Hamilton, a founding father, was valued at $750 and
attracted a winning bid for $7,500, a ten-fold rise, he said.

Alexander Historical Auctions will offer materials from this period for sale in
Wilmington on December 10.

Alasdair Nichol, vice chairman of Freeman's, the venerable Center City auction
house, has also seen evidence of a Hamilton effect. "People are cognizant of
it," he said. "It's making people think this will be the time to sell Hamilton
material."

He cited a recent sale of a first edition of the Federalist Papers - Hamilton
was one of three co-authors - that had been owned by William and Mary Scranton.
The two-volume set with an inscription was estimated to sell for $60,000 to
$90,000. It ended up going for $93,750.

While the 2008 recession hobbled U.S. auctions, the market for Americana seems
to have recovered.

Printed and manuscript Americana auctions never broke $660,000 from 2008 to 2012
but every sale since then has beaten that level, said Rick Stattler, an
Americana expert and Director at New York-based Swann Galleries. "This year we
held three general Americana auctions for the first time."

Technology has transformed the way people participate in auctions. The internet
and electronic bidding have greatly increased the bidder pool.

Opening auctions up to the wider world has also changed the nature of
collecting. While fewer buyers now maintain large collections, more people are
buying historic memorabilia at auction. They typically collect anywhere from
five to 25 pieces for decoration and tend to hold them for longer.

Collecting has allowed even mid-sized auction houses such as Alexander
Historical Auctions to serve international clients. Nearly 30 percent of the
firm's revenues come from Australian, British and French memorabilia, which
draws customers from those nations. A buyer in Hong Kong, for example, recently
paid $120,000 for a document signed by Mao Zedong.

Stattler noted that European buyers tend to focus on the western frontier and
Native Americans. Asian collectors have a preference for early American oceanic
trade that touches on Asia.

The digitization and globalization of the market can create more opportunities
for fraud. Panagopulos said he works with the FBI, National Archives and the
Department of Homeland Security to authenticate older materials and return
stolen items to their proper owners.

Sotheby's was recently accused by Russian billionaire and Faberg&eacute; egg
collector Alexander Ivanov of advertising two fakes.

Sotheby's said it identified anomalies with both icons before they were sold and
withdrew them. The auction house also announced the creation of a forensic unit
led by a former FBI investigator to detect fraud.

"There's a lot of shadiness out there," Panagopulos said. "But after thirty
years I think I have a pretty good read on what is and isn't authentic."

Panagopulos was a history buff long before he worked in the field. In 1992,
after a 15-year career in the shipping business, he wanted to do something that
channelled his passion for collecting Civil War-era autographs.

The result was Alexander Historical Auctions in Chesapeake City, Md. which helps
buyers and sellers trade catalogued and authenticated memorabilia such as
autographs, documents and imprints.

The company now generates nearly $10 million in revenue a year, Panagopulos
said. Clients include the Smithsonian Institution, the National Archives, the
University of Michigan, and the University of Virginia.

When he first started, movies such as Glory, Gettysburg and Ken Burns'
documentaries on the American Civil War generated a surge in demand in material
from that era.

Hamilton the musical seems to be playing a similar role although fascination
with the founding period runs deep. Benjamin L. Truesdale, Freeman's Specialist
in Rare Books, Maps, and Manuscripts, wrote that auction records of the past few
decades "reveal a fascination with the foundation of the New Republic, which I
suspect will likely be among us for years to come."

"Franklin materials are also in demand," he noted. A 1779 edition of his
Political, Miscellaneous, and Philosophical Pieces was estimated at $2,500 to
$4,000 during a Freeman's auction in September.

It fetched $5,938.

amannepalli@philly.com

215-854-2507 @mannepalliaswin

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: photo: © Joan Marcus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

Is Hamilton fever taking over the auction world?

BYLINE: Aswin Mannepalli; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Biz; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 771 words


Popular culture and the state of the economy have long driven the auction
market, says Bill Panagopulos, president of Alexander Historical Auctions.

These days, the popularity of the Broadway musical Hamilton and a heated
election cycle have caused material from America's Revolutionary era to perform
well on the auction block, he said.

A signature by Alexander Hamilton, a founding father, was valued at $750 and
attracted a winning bid for $7,500, a ten-fold rise, he said.

Alexander Historical Auctions will offer materials from this period for sale in
Wilmington on December 10.

Alasdair Nichol, vice chairman of Freeman's, the venerable Center City auction
house, has also seen evidence of a Hamilton effect. "People are cognizant of
it," he said. "It's making people think this will be the time to sell Hamilton
material."

He cited a recent sale of a first edition of the Federalist Papers - Hamilton
was one of three co-authors - that had been owned by William and Mary Scranton.
The two-volume set with an inscription was estimated to sell for $60,000 to
$90,000. It ended up going for $93,750.

While the 2008 recession hobbled U.S. auctions, the market for Americana seems
to have recovered.

Printed and manuscript Americana auctions never broke $660,000 from 2008 to 2012
but every sale since then has beaten that level, said Rick Stattler, an
Americana expert and Director at New York-based Swann Galleries. "This year we
held three general Americana auctions for the first time."

Technology has transformed the way people participate in auctions. The internet
and electronic bidding have greatly increased the bidder pool.

Opening auctions up to the wider world has also changed the nature of
collecting. While fewer buyers now maintain large collections, more people are
buying historic memorabilia at auction. They typically collect anywhere from
five to 25 pieces for decoration and tend to hold them for longer.

Collecting has allowed even mid-sized auction houses such as Alexander
Historical Auctions to serve international clients. Nearly 30 percent of the
firm's revenues come from Australian, British and French memorabilia, which
draws customers from those nations. A buyer in Hong Kong, for example, recently
paid $120,000 for a document signed by Mao Zedong.

Stattler noted that European buyers tend to focus on the western frontier and
Native Americans. Asian collectors have a preference for early American oceanic
trade that touches on Asia.

The digitization and globalization of the market can create more opportunities
for fraud. Panagopulos said he works with the FBI, National Archives and the
Department of Homeland Security to authenticate older materials and return
stolen items to their proper owners.

Sotheby's was recently accused by Russian billionaire and Faberg&eacute; egg
collector Alexander Ivanov of advertising two fakes.

Sotheby's said it identified anomalies with both icons before they were sold and
withdrew them. The auction house also announced the creation of a forensic unit
led by a former FBI investigator to detect fraud.

"There's a lot of shadiness out there," Panagopulos said. "But after thirty
years I think I have a pretty good read on what is and isn't authentic."

Panagopulos was a history buff long before he worked in the field. In 1992,
after a 15-year career in the shipping business, he wanted to do something that
channelled his passion for collecting Civil War-era autographs.

The result was Alexander Historical Auctions in Chesapeake City, Md. which helps
buyers and sellers trade catalogued and authenticated memorabilia such as
autographs, documents and imprints.

The company now generates nearly $10 million in revenue a year, Panagopulos
said. Clients include the Smithsonian Institution, the National Archives, the
University of Michigan, and the University of Virginia.

When he first started, movies such as Glory, Gettysburg and Ken Burns'
documentaries on the American Civil War generated a surge in demand in material
from that era.

Hamilton the musical seems to be playing a similar role although fascination
with the founding period runs deep. Benjamin L. Truesdale, Freeman's Specialist
in Rare Books, Maps, and Manuscripts, wrote that auction records of the past few
decades "reveal a fascination with the foundation of the New Republic, which I
suspect will likely be among us for years to come."

"Franklin materials are also in demand," he noted. A 1779 edition of his
Political, Miscellaneous, and Philosophical Pieces was estimated at $2,500 to
$4,000 during a Freeman's auction in September.

It fetched $5,938.

amannepalli@philly.com

215-854-2507 @mannepalliaswin

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: (Hamilton LLC via AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday
                                Ontario Edition

ENERGY;
SkyPower goes global in solar rebound

BYLINE: RICHARD LACKWELL

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 810 words


In 2009, things could not have looked worse for Toronto-based renewable-energy
developer SkyPower Corp.

A year earlier, its majority owner, U.S. investment bank Lehman Bros., had
collapsed, triggering the global financial crisis.

Lehman's failure kicked the legs out from under SkyPower, which went into
bankruptcy protection. Its budding portfolio of Canadian wind and solar assets
was sold off.

The solar projects were purchased by California-based real estate and
infrastructure fund manager CIM Group, which revamped the company as SkyPower
Global.

Now, the new entity has become one of the biggest solar developers on the
planet, with offices in more than 30 countries and a pipeline of projects adding
up to 25,000 megawatts, enough to potentially power tens of millions of homes.

Kerry Adler, who founded SkyPower and has run it since its inception, has become
a globe-trotting solar evangelist, signing contracts from Bangladesh to Djibouti
to Panama over the past couple of years. If these billions of dollars worth of
projects come to fruition, SkyPower solar farms will be sprouting in developing
countries around the globe over the next few years.

The list, and size, of deals Mr. Adler has signed with governments and their
agencies is staggering. There's a $5-billion (U.S.) joint venture in Nigeria to
build 3,000 MW of utility-scale solar power, a similar-sized four-year project
in Egypt, two large projects in the Indian states of Madhya Pradesh and
Telangana, a $2.2-billion agreement to build 1,000 MW of solar projects in Kenya
and a $4.3-billion deal in Bangladesh, among many others.

While none of these projects has yet been completed, the company expects to have
"shovels in the ground" in India, Kenya, Egypt and Nigeria this year, Mr. Adler
said.

Still, at this point, all of SkyPower's operating solar farms remain in Ontario.
While the company sold off many of its completed projects to Canadian Solar Inc.
over the past few years, it held on to a handful of them.

SkyPower has also applied to build more in Ontario, under a new competitive
bidding process that will see contracts go to those firms that can supply power
for the lowest cost. SkyPower, like the other bidders, will find out later this
week if they get new Ontario contracts.

But the developing world is where SkyPower wants to focus most of its efforts.
That makes sense for a company with global ambitions, said Alex Klein, senior
director for renewable power at Colorado-based research firm IHS Inc. Until
recently, most solar-power development was in North America or Europe, but now
"the vast majority of incremental power demand will come from the developing
world," Mr. Klein said. It helps that those regions have a lot of sunshine.

But SkyPower isn't just a developer; it also acts as a mentor on renewable
energy in many countries, Mr. Adler said. "I've advised almost a dozen heads of
state over the last two years," he said.

"We try to find a streamlined approach to going from an idea that they want
renewables to getting panels on the ground."

Many of these countries have a history of unstable or corrupt governments, but
Mr. Adler insists that his firm adheres to the laws and regulations in every
country, and to the international rules against bribery and corruption. Indeed,
"we have walked away from potential opportunities" when there has been a scent
of shadiness, he said.

In many of these countries, solar is attractive because it can help replace
dirty coal- and diesel-fuelled power plants, and its distributed nature can
bring electricity to millions of people who do not currently have access to
power. "Solar is a miracle," Mr.

Adler said. "It answers the needs of the less fortunate because it is truly
distributed power at or below grid-parity prices today."

The one big roadblock to getting more solar on the ground is access to capital,
Mr. Adler said.

SkyPower has to "scour the world" for lower-cost financing, because interest
rates for projects in the developing world are often far higher than in Western
countries.

"Even though solar energy is becoming so cost-effective, if we can't find a way
to deliver a lower cost of capital, it doesn't bode well for these countries
because they haven't solved the biggest problem, which is how they are going to
pay for it," Mr. Adler said.

He is hopeful that a big new market for "green bonds" will help, as will the
funds freed up as pension funds divest from fossil-fuel investments.

Mr. Adler is certainly not shy about promoting solar as an investment.

Because of huge demand, more efficient panels and lower installation costs, "the
best, most stable investment in the world today would be solar energy," he said.

"It is going to be bigger than computer chips, the personal computer or the
Internet."

At the same time, he added, solar can make a dent in poverty by lighting dark
areas of the developing world.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 15, 2006 Friday

Obama's candor is worth admission to '08 presidential race

BYLINE: By Clarence Page Tribune Media Services

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 760 words


WASHINGTON - Did you know that Sen. Barack Obama's middle name is Hussein? You
do now.

Make no mistake: If he decides to run for president, quite a few people will be
reminding you of it. Those people are not his friends.

It's funny how much people don't know about the Illinois Democrat, even as he
rides a wave of rapturous news coverage. Santa Claus could hardly have drawn
more excited crowds than those that turned out for Obama in New Hampshire.
Almost no reporter seems to be able get through an entire Obama story without
using the phrase "rock star."

Despite his brief Senate experience, he's the only Democratic hopeful who is
waging a serious challenge to Sen. Hillary Clinton in the polls. Yet, hardly
anyone knows much about him. A hefty 40 percent of the Democrats surveyed in the
latest Los Angeles Times/ Bloomberg poll said they did not know enough about him
to have an opinion on him.

Remarkably that seems to work in his favor. As with Colin Powell, the last
viable black candidate who generated this type of, OK, rock-star excitement,
Obama benefits from the Rorschach ink-blot test factor: People see in him what
they want to see in a presidential candidate.

Candidate McDreamy's balloon has left potential foes so little to puncture that
some have begun to pick on his middle name. Republican consultant Ed Rogers'
frustration was showing in the way he emphasized Obama's middle name on MSNBC's
"Hardball": "Count me as someone who underestimates Barack Hussein Obama," he
said, pronouncing "Barack" in a way that rhymed with hard rock.

Conservative radio windbag Rush Limbaugh similarly delights in mocking Obama's
full name. El Rush-bo even posted a caricature on his Web site of Obama with
huge floppy ears and the title "Barack Hussein Odumbo." Cute. Sort of like the
class clown taking on the class valedictorian and prom king who is also
basketball team captain.

For the record, Obama's middle name comes from his Muslim grandfather, a Kenyan
farmer, and his father, a Kenyan government economist. And, to put the anxieties
of Islamophobic bloggers to rest, the senator is a member of Chicago's Trinity
United Church of Christ. In advertising terms, diversity is his brand.

So, in New Hampshire and in a Thursday meeting with the Chicago Tribune
editorial board, he joked about the middle-name thing with just the right tone:
astute, self-deprecating humor. His middle name is no big deal, he says, "when
you are already starting with 'Barack Obama'."

The H-for-Hussein bomb is probably a love tap compared to what's in store for
him if he decides to run for president. He knows. Obama has been in Chicago long
enough to know that politics is not a pillow fight.

We know from his autobiography Dreams from My Father, that he tried marijuana
and cocaine in his wayward youth, a refreshingly straightforward and revealing
contrast to President Bush, who dodged probing drug questions as a candidate,
and President Bill Clinton, who claimed never to have inhaled.

Obama's candor also has been his best defense against his only connection to
scandal so far. He acknowledged in the Tribune meeting that "it was stupid" and
"boneheaded" of him to purchase a strip of property a year ago that adjoined his
$1.65 million home from Antoin "Tony" Rezko, a political insider and fundraiser.
Rezko has since pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to extort campaign
donations and kickbacks from firms seeking state business.

Obama, who bought the home with his hefty advance for his latest book, is not
accused of wrongdoing, just stupidity, as he says, for letting himself be
associated with even the appearance of shadiness.

As Chicago scandals go, that would be small potatoes for Obama were he not the
nationally-adored embodiment of the audacious hope that his book's title touts.
As a practical matter, the Rezko flap is not likely to hurt him in a race
against Hillary Clinton, who had a questionable land deal called "Whitewater" in
her own past. But, if anyone else is looking for attack ad material, they'll
grab whatever mud they can find.

After running successfully for the Senate as "the tall, skinny kid with the
funny-sounding name," Obama knows how to turn potential lemons into lemonade. So
far, his candor has worked for him. But, despite the current holiday-season
media hype, the 2008 election is still two years away. Political honeymoons
quickly end. Soon people want to know what you really believe.

With that in mind, I hope Obama runs. I want to see how candid he will be when
it really counts.

E-mail Clarence Page at cpage@tribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Herhold: Winners and losers of the 2016 primary

BYLINE: By Scott Herhold, sherhold@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 581 words


Beyond the names on the ballot, every election has its less obvious list of
winners and losers, the folks who helped shape the outcome. With the bulk of the
vote now counted from Tuesday's election, it's time to call them out. Think of
it as succoring the victors and shooting the wounded:

WINNERS

Chuck Reed -- San Jose's ex-mayor has had a rough political run lately. His
signature initiative in office, the 2012 Measure B pension reform, has lost
sinew in the courts and been trimmed in talks with the city's unions. But Reed
emerged triumphant with the defeat of Measure C, a proposal that would have
lifted zoning restrictions for marijuana collectives. Ironically, he stood with
16 sanctioned pot collectives to beat the measure.

Sam Liccardo -- San Jose's mayor did not win everything -- he's the only person
here on both my winner and loser lists -- but in one very important respect, he
was victorious: Measure B, which would raise the city's sales tax by one-quarter
cent, passed handily. The mayor sold the measure as a means of getting better
roads and more cops. It will also benefit the unions that negotiated the fate of
Reed's pension reform with Liccardo.

Kevin de León -- The president pro tem of the California state Senate has had a
presence in San Jose politics largely because his ex-girlfriend, Magdalena
Carrasco, serves on the San Jose City Council. But this time he flexed muscle,
helping to funnel money to the council campaign of Sylvia Arenas, who looks as
though she is headed to a runoff with Jimmy Nguyen in District 8.

The Laborers' Union -- Congressional challenger Ro Khanna did far better in this
year's primary than he did in June 2014 against incumbent Mike Honda. At my
deadline, Honda and Khanna were neck and neck. But with Republican and
independent voters likely to go his way, Khanna has a formidable chance to
unseat Honda in November. An important early endorsement -- because it shielded
him against charges of not caring enough about working people -- came from the
Pacific Southwest Region of the Laborers' International Union.

LOSERS

Trees on the Peninsula -- I know: It's a questionable critique from someone who
works for a newspaper. But 24th District Assembly candidate Marc Berman deluged
Peninsula voters with so many mailers -- I counted at least 20 -- that he must
have engaged in clear-cutting in his first-place finish. Berman for building
roads? Yes. Berman for pre-K? Yes. Berman for clean energy? Yes. Berman for
Berman? Of course.

Sam Liccardo -- San Jose's mayor did not fare well in his council endorsements.
His candidate in District 6, Norm Kline, did not finish in the top two for
November's runoff. The ex-planning commissioner was lagging in third place
behind Dev Davis and Helen Chapman even though one of his pieces featured a big
picture of a smiling mayor. Liccardo's other council endorsement, Denise
Belisle, was trailing behind Arenas for a runoff spot in District 8.

The California Apartment Association -- The association put out one of the most
misleading local mailers of this election cycle when it accused San Jose council
candidate Ash Kalra of having a record of absences on the council. In fact,
Kalra was often late, missing roll call. He was usually there for votes. The
piece was probably damaging. Kalra's rival, Madison Nguyen, finished well ahead
of him. But the apartment folks make my list of losers because of the shadiness
of the hit.

Contact Scott Herhold at 408-275-0917 or Twitter.com/scottherhold.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sam Liccardo is greeted by current mayor, Chuck Reed, at a luncheon at
the Rotary Club in San Jose, Calif., on Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014. Liccardo
defeated Dave Cortese during yesterday's election to succeed Mayor Chuck Reed.
(Gary Reyes/Bay Area News Group)
Sam Liccardo is greeted by current mayor, Chuck Reed, at a luncheon at the
Rotary Club in San Jose, Calif., on Wednesday, Nov. 5, 2014. Liccardo defeated
Dave Cortese during yesterday's election to succeed Mayor Chuck Reed. (Gary
Reyes/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 22, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Nobel Laureates vs. U.S. Arms

Colman McCarthy

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. D12; COLMAN MCCARTHY

LENGTH: 725 words


Except for a few brave reporters -- Allan Nairn of The Nation and Amy Goodman of
Pacifica Radio, among others -- accounts of the violence inflicted on the people
of East Timor by the Indonesian dictatorship have been left to such groups as
Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. In the competition for world
attention these past two decades, the East Timorese -- with 200,000 or more left
dead by the Indonesian invasion and occupation since 1975 -- have been
overshadowed by the sufferings of the butchered and jailed in such hellish lands
as Guatemala, Rwanda, Bosnia, China and Iran.

A lifting of that obscurity came on Oct. 11 when the Nobel Peace Prize went to a
pair of East Timorese advocates for peaceful conflict resolution: Roman Catholic
Bishop Carlos Belo and Jose Ramos-Horta, a politician in exile. Both have stood
with the brutalized people of East Timor in their political movement since 1975
to establish an independent state on their island, annexed by Indonesia in 1976.

What the Nobel committee said of life in East Timor since the 1975 invasion --
that a third of the mostly Catholic population has died "due to starvation,
epidemics, war and terror" -- squares with this year's State Department report
on human rights practices: "The most serious abuses [by the Indonesian
government] include harsh repression of dissidents in East Timor. . . . Reports
of extrajudicial killings, disappearances, and torture of those in custody by
security forces increased."

Such a damning judgment would appear to place the United States on the moral
high ground, a turf on which both Republican and Democratic administrations
posture when issuing human rights reports.

One problem, though: The United States has been the leading supplier of arms to
the Indonesian military all these blood-soaked years. According to the World
Policy Institute of the New School for Social Research in New York, arms sales
doubled after the 1975 U.S.-approved invasion. The weapons have ranged from the
M-16s and machine guns preferred by low-level goons to spare parts for fighter
planes. More than 250 military sales have been licensed by the State Department
since 1991.

That was the year of the Santa Cruz Cemetery massacre in which more than 200
East Timorese peaceful demonstrators were slain by troops armed with American
weapons. Allan Nairn and Amy Goodman were beaten and threatened with death that
day, and were lucky to escape alive.

Gen. Suharto, Indonesia's ruler for three decades, was in East Timor after the
Nobel awards. He met with Bishop Belo and gave a speech but could not bring
himself to mention, much less praise, the new laureate. Reuter reported the
response of the bishop to the snub: He was "surprised that I am congratulated by
foreign people but not from Indonesia."

In a different way, the United States also dishonors Belo and Ramos-Horta by
continuing to be a willing arms supplier to the Suharto regime: On Sept. 18,
State Department and Pentagon officials announced that they were going ahead
with plans to sell nine F-16 fighter jets to Indonesia early next year.

In Orwellian language that would warm the heart of any dictator, an assistant
secretary of defense told the Senate of Indonesia's military prowess: "A
regionally respected armed forces with credible defensive capabilities that
trains and operates in a nonthreatening manner is an important contributor to
regional stability."

The stability in East Timor is that of 200,000 dead bodies. These include two
brothers and a sister of Jose Ramos-Horta. The three were killed by U.S.-made
weapons. When campaigning for the presidency in 1992, Bill Clinton condemned
U.S. policies regarding East Timor as "unconscionable." A year into office, and
with Commerce Secretary Ron Brown traveling the globe to hustle arms deals,
Clinton reversed himself. He supported "commercial relationships" with countries
like Indonesia.

Section 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act prohibits arms deals to regimes that
show "a consistent pattern of gross violations of internationally recognized
human rights." For all the talk about the shadiness of Clinton's taking campaign
funds from Indonesian moneymen, questions about the blatant breaking of Section
502B go all but unasked. It may take Bishop Belo to come to Washington with the
answers.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              158 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 12, 2010 Friday
                                National Edition

Ex-Nominee's Troubles Stain Pawnbrokers

BYLINE: By DANIEL LIBIT

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Chicago ; CHICAGO NEWS COOPERATIVE
THE CHICAGO WAY; Pg. 25B

LENGTH: 872 words


Illinois is no stranger to odd, larcenous or rough-and-tumble elections. But
only here, it seems, has a candidate collapsed so ingloriously that he brought
dishonor on what many consider a shame-proof industry: pawnbroking.

The Illinois Democratic Party is not the only statewide organization trying to
step out of the cloud that hung over Scott Lee Cohen's exit as the party's
nominee for lieutenant governor -- the Illinois Pawnbrokers Association is
trying to save face, too.

Mr. Cohen, the state's first pawnbroker politician, managed to leave a blot on
the ledger of an industry that could do without the extra stain. Mr. Cohen
converted instantly from the pride of his industry to a public embarrassment for
it when a former prostitute said that he had held a knife to her throat during
an argument when the two were dating in 2005.

David Schoeneman, president of the Illinois Pawnbrokers Association and owner of
Shane's-The Pawn Shop in Chicago Heights, this week found himself sharing the
same defensive crouch taken by distressed Democratic Party leaders once the
abuse accusation surfaced.

''When somebody gets caught being a bad guy, you cringe,'' Mr. Schoeneman said.
''Same for doctors, lawyers, priests. People are people.''

News of Mr. Cohen's troubles, which led to his resignation from the Democratic
ballot on Sunday, reached Mr. Schoeneman late last week during a layover at the
Minneapolis airport as he returned from a vacation in the Philippines. Mr.
Schoeneman recalled that the last time he had vacationed out of the country,
state and local police in Evanston announced the arrests of 30 individuals in
connection with an undercover pawnshop sting.

Aside from the Evanston arrests, Mr. Schoeneman said, the pawnbrokering industry
in Illinois had had little to fear from bad headlines -- until now.

''The pawn industry has a roundly undeserved bad reputation,'' he said. ''Any
time there is anything negative in the press, we roll our eyes and say, 'Oh
jeez, just what we need.' ''

Pawnshops have labored for decades to shake off a stubborn reputation for
shadiness and desperation, codified in popular culture, like in the 1964 film
''The Pawnbroker.''

The industry contends that it provides a necessary service in offering secured
loans, but critics say it takes advantage of people in vulnerable financial
situations by charging extraordinarily high interest. The police say, too, that
unscrupulous pawnbrokers provide an outlet that makes it easy for thieves and
burglars to fence stolen goods.

Even before Mr. Cohen bowed out of the race during halftime of the Super Bowl,
Dave Crume, president of the National Pawnbrokers Association, put out a
statement criticizing the news media for routinely invoking Mr. Cohen's
profession, ''as a negative connotation to discredit Mr. Cohen and to sway
public opinion for the benefit of an important political race.''

Baxter Swilley, Mr. Cohen's spokesman, also took issue with the
characterization. Mr. Cohen made most of his money in real estate, and the
pawnshop was simply ''the most sensational component of his identity,'' Mr.
Swilley said.

Mr. Cohen's campaign has blamed media disclosures about the abuse accusation and
his former use of steroids for forcing him out of the race for lieutenant
governor. Once Mr. Cohen's troubles came to light, he said this week, the
Democratic Party leadership was eager to slot a longtime politician onto the
ballot rather than an outsider like him.

Mr. Cohen's fellow pawnbrokers do not appreciate the steady stream of slights
they have taken because of his campaign.

''Every time I heard it, I felt like spitting,'' said Steve Greenfield, owner of
Jewels by Stephanie in downtown Chicago, which has been in his family since his
grandfather bought the store in 1918.

As evidence of the industry's responsible side, Mr. Greenfield notes the heavy
regulation of pawnshops, which must comply with numerous federal laws, including
the USA Patriot Act. In Illinois, the Pawnbroker Regulation Act governs the
state's approximately 225 stores.

Mr. Cohen's pawnshop, State Pawners & Jewelers, based on South Ashland Avenue,
has caused considerably less of a stir than his brief political career. .

''His shop is a paid member in good standing of the Illinois Pawnbrokers
Association,'' said Mr. Schoeneman, who had dinner with Mr. Cohen a few months
ago but has not spoken to him since the political scandal broke. ''I have no
qualms with his business.''

''I am sorry for him to have to go through all of that,'' Mr. Schoeneman said,
''but that having been said, it is what it is and he did what he had to do.''

Joe Brooks, owner of T.N. Donnelly and Company, Chicago's oldest pawnshop, said
he thought that the industry had begun to turn the corner on its shady
reputation.

''We thought so, until somebody got their name into the paper,'' Mr. Brooks
said. ''We have been trying our best to project ourselves as something other
than that, and apparently it didn't get there. The message didn't get out.''

''I don't know any pawnbrokers sitting in jail,'' he added, ''but I know a
couple of governors and aldermen. If anything, 'politician' should be a dirtier
word than 'pawnbroker.' ''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Owners of pawnshops, like Jewels by Stephanie in the Loop and
elsewhere in Chicago, say their image has been besmirched by the political
troubles of Scott Lee Cohen, a fellow pawnbroker. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSE
MORE/CHICAGO NEWS COOPERATIVE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              159 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 7, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE PRESIDENT'S TRIAL: POLITICAL MEMO;
Presidential Candidates Are Saying Little About Impeachment Trial, for Now

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 38; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1102 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H., Feb. 6


Ask Republican Presidential prospects about the biggest issue facing their party
-- whether President Clinton should be convicted by the Senate -- and you'll
probably get something short of a direct answer.

Representative John R. Kasich of Ohio: "I don't want to get into dictating to
the Senate."

Gov. George W. Bush of Texas: "This person has embarrassed us and the Senate
needs to do what it does."

Senator John McCain of Arizona: "I hold the quaint notion that I'm a juror --
and jurors wait until after the trial to talk about it."

Former Gov. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee: "Let the Senators decide."

Not everyone has ducked the question. Some contenders, including Steve Forbes,
the publishing magnate, and former Vice President Dan Quayle, have called for
Mr. Clinton to be convicted. But in their barnstorming tours through early
primary states like New Hampshire, even those candidates have been careful,
especially recently, not to make the subject a centerpiece of their speeches.
Mostly, they discuss the matter only when quizzed by reporters.

This reluctance to weigh in enthusiastically -- or at all -- on an issue that
has so dominated American politics and consumed Republicans in Congress
underscores their party's ambivalence about how impeachment is playing
politically.

On the one hand, it would be understandable for candidates to condemn Mr.
Clinton and press for his ouster because many conservatives who are influential
in the primaries favor that position. On the other hand, polls show that
Republicans, even conservatives, increasingly worry that impeachment might hover
over their party like a mushroom cloud that could damage them in the 2000
elections.

In interviews, most Republican prospects for President expressed their deep
disapproval, even disgust, with Mr. Clinton. But they also made clear that they
were wrestling with how to handle what hardly seems a winning issue. Clearly,
they do not want impeachment to define their candidacies -- or risk being
identified as prime movers behind what some voters already claim is a partisan
witch hunt.

If voters in 2000 are still critical of the Republican Party's handling of
impeachment, candidates who are now outspoken on the matter could be
particularly vulnerable. Those who are keeping a low profile might be tempted to
campaign next year against what they could describe as an impeachment-obsessed
Congress, even one now controlled by their own party.

"If I ducked the issue, there might be a temporary political advantage because
even among a lot of Republicans this is not very popular," said Mr. Forbes, who
sought the nomination in 1996. "But I feel you've got to put it on the table."

Mr. Forbes usually condemns Mr. Clinton's behavior in his speeches but lately he
has dwelled more on the Republicans' failure to respond with a full agenda of
issues. Asked what the Senate should do, he said: "They have a duty to go
through with the trial. And if I were a senator, I would vote to convict."

Mr. Quayle also declares forcefully that the Senate should remove Mr. Clinton
from office. In a speech in Indianapolis this week, he repeated a stock
anecdote, "Think of this: The day Bill Clinton was impeached by the House of
Representatives, Al Gore, in the Rose Garden of the White House, stands before
the world and says, 'Bill Clinton is one of America's greatest Presidents.' We
have a different interpretation of what integrity is all about."

Mr. Quayle explained that he, too, thought the Senate should convict Mr.
Clinton, saying, "I think perjury is clearly in the category of high crimes and
misdemeanors."

Gary L. Bauer, a prominent religious conservative, also hammers away at Mr.
Clinton. "He could salvage his place in history by turning the Presidency over
to Al Gore," Mr. Bauer said.

But even those remarks are not nearly as harsh as the scathing attacks on Mr.
Clinton after the Monica Lewinsky scandal broke.

At a Republican gathering in Biloxi, Miss., a year ago, Mr. Forbes described the
"shadiness and sordidness that we have in the White House today." At the same
event, Mr. Quayle called the scandal "disgusting" and mockingly put forward an
anti-crime proposal: "Three interns -- and you're out!"

Mr. Alexander was one of the first contenders to call for Mr. Clinton to resign
but has not said what the Senate should do.

Scott Reed, who ran Bob Dole's Presidential campaign in 1996, said, "In the
beginning, everyone thought this guy was going to be gone in 72 hours." But the
President's approval rating has remained strong. "It says that they ought to
leave this alone," Mr. Reed said.

That is why Mr. Kasich, when asked how often in his political speeches he brings
up his House vote to impeach Mr. Clinton, said: "Virtually, not at all. I do
talk about the notion that our big-time leaders have to be more selfless. But
renewing the spirit of America is not about what the President did. It's about
what a President could do in the future."

Though Mr. Kasich would not take a stand on what the Senate should do, he said,
"I believe these are impeachable and removable offenses."

Elizabeth Hanford Dole, who is considering a run for the nomination, said
through a spokeswoman that she had no comment.

No Republican candidates were willing to predict that impeachment could damage
their party's prospects in 2000. Mr. Bush said he expected that people would be
no more interested in the matter then, than they are now. "I don't think the
attitudes of the American people and the political landscape and environment is
going to be much different than it is today," he said.

Asked whether Republicans should worry about the political fallout, Mr.
Alexander said: "We should be concerned about that, but that shouldn't affect
how Senators vote."

"I have an idea that once this is all over, the country will render a verdict,"
he added. "And I think it will be a verdict against Mr. Clinton."

On the Democratic side, Vice President Gore has loyally defended the President.
Former Senator Bill Bradley of New Jersey, also seeking the nomination, has not
been reluctant to criticize Mr. Clinton. But, like many Republicans, he has not
made the issue a central theme. And unlike them, he asserts that the President
should not be thrown out of office.

"What the President did is wrong, and anytime a President lies it erodes his
credibility and the authority of the office," Mr. Bradley said. "However, I
don't believe that what President Clinton is accused of rises to the level of
high crimes and misdemeanors, and therefore don't believe he should be
convicted."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              160 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 29, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FILM REVIEW;
Night Life of the the Young, Urban and Genteel

BYLINE: By JANET MASLIN

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Page 12; Column 3; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend
Desk

LENGTH: 809 words


Leave it to Whit Stillman, in completing the beguiling, literate trilogy that
includes "Metropolitan" and "Barcelona," to begin a film about the New York
nightclub scene of the early 1980's with a caste distinction and a lofty show of
utter confidence. At a disco entrance presided over by the usual elitist
doorman, Charlotte (Kate Beckinsale) makes only the teensiest concession to
self-doubt. She and her college chum Alice (Chloe Sevigny) decide to arrive in a
cab rather than on foot, but that hardly matters; stunning, assured Charlotte
might as well float in on a cloud.

"We look really good tonight," she tells the less secure Alice. "I'm sure we're
going to get in." She ought to be. Mr. Stillman's smart, patrician characters
have their worries, but social acceptability is seldom one of them.

In "The Last Days of Disco," he is again concerned with the youthful malaise of
the privileged, and he once again renders his characters' fretfulness in deft,
funny and improbably touching ways. Wild nights of the disco age are not dealt
with here, because this is not a film about wild characters. It's about tame
ones who poignantly, in the brief spell of liberation between the end of college
and the start of serious careers, may be experiencing more fun and freedom than
they ever will again.

If this film, which falls chronologically between the other two, doesn't fully
rise to the lovely vibrancy of "Barcelona," it still extends the witty,
quizzical style of Mr. Stillman's social comedies onto inviting new terrain.
"The Last Days of Disco," in the works long before disco revivals became the
rage on screen, is sincerely nostalgic without campiness.  It sees night life as
an escape hatch for straight-arrow revelers who loved the club scene even if
they didn't attract attention there, and who could be labeled as yuppies if they
didn't quibble about the term.

Young and urban, yes; but as one of the film's many talkative, hair-splitting
characters points out, none of them is enough of a success to qualify as a
professional. "I think for a group to exist," says somebody, examining graffiti
that reads "Kill Yuppie Scum," "someone has to admit to being part of it."

Humorously and fondly, with an entertaining supply of what he has called
"prosaic license," Mr. Stillman again displays a pitch-perfect ear for both the
cattiness and the camaraderie that bind his characters into collective
friendship. (The film inveighs against the "ferocious pairing off" that is sure
to tear the group apart.) Weaving together the disco backdrop (clearly a labor
of love) with more sharp-edged material about college graduates finding their
first footing in New York and learning to cook with Campbell's mushroom soup, he
creates a bright panorama of shrewd young strivers.

These range from the showstopping Charlotte, played by the English Ms.
Beckinsale with a persuasive American accent, to Chris Eigeman's fretful Des,
who works at the club. Having starred in each of Mr. Stillman's films (and
characters from the other two make cameo appearances here), Mr. Eigeman makes
the filmmaker a perfect mouthpiece who can brood amusingly about anything, no
matter how petty. Here he plumbs the psychological subtext of "Lady and the
Tramp."

Ms. Sevigny, of "Kids," is seductively demure and a perfect foil for arrogant,
meddlesome Charlotte. (Ms. Beckinsale was Jane Austen's Emma for British
television and displays that same high-handedness here.) Among the men, who
sound alike and share the same persnickety thought processes, Mackenzie Astin
plays a dancing junior adman who wins points at work for getting clients into
the disco, while Robert Sean Leonard makes a dashing environmental lawyer. The
film argues that his generation's concern for environmental causes can be traced
to the revival of "Bambi" during its formative years.

Matt Keeslar, Matthew Ross and Tara Subkoff round out the group of friends,
while David Thornton plays the club's owner with suitable shadiness. As someone
says about his now-quaint business practices: "To me, shipping cash in canvas
bags to Switzerland doesn't sound honest."

"The Last Days of Disco" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or
adult guardian). It includes profanity, brief nudity and drug references.

THE LAST DAYS OF DISCO

Written, produced and directed by Whit Stillman; director of photography, John
Thomas; edited by Andrew Hafitz and Jay Pires; music by Mark Suozzo; production
designer, Ginger Tougas; released by Castle Rock Entertainment. Running time:
112 minutes. This film is rated R.

WITH: Chloe Sevigny (Alice), Kate Beckinsale (Charlotte), Chris Eigeman (Des),
Mackenzie Astin (Jimmy), Matt Keeslar (Josh), Robert Sean Leonard (Tom),
Jennifer Beals (Nina), Matthew Ross (Dan), Tara Subkoff (Holly) and David
Thornton (Bernie).

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The club scene as escape hatch: Kate Beckinsale, left, and Chloe
Sevigny play straight-arrow revelers in Whit Stillman's "Last Days of Disco."
(Barry Wetcher/Castle Rock Entertainment)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              161 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

High-profile Miss. race nears end

BYLINE: Robert Costa

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: MERIDIAN, MISS.


MERIDIAN, Miss. - Republican Senate candidates Thad Cochran and Chris McDaniel
returned to core campaign themes ahead of a Tuesday runoff election as GOP
leaders nervously looked on, unsure of who would win and worried that the
spectacle of Mississippi politics has become a national headache for the party.

As he greeted diners Monday at Jean's Restaurant, McDaniel dismissed the anxiety
of his party's elders and confidently predicted that he would topple Cochran, a
titan of Mississippi politics who was first elected to the Senate in 1978.

McDaniel, a 41-year-old state senator, compared his populist insurgency to that
of David Brat, a Republican who defeated House Majority Leader Eric Cantor
(R-Va.) in a primary earlier this month.

"People are ready for change in Washington, and Virginia was good evidence of
that," McDaniel told reporters. "We're going to make Mississippi the center of
the nation tomorrow."

Cochran, meanwhile, stumped at a war memorial in Jackson on Monday with Sen.
John McCain (R-Ariz.), a prominent voice on foreign policy and a fellow Navy
veteran. The event underscored the 76-year-old Cochran's hawkish worldview and
his years of procuring federal funding for the state's military bases.

McCain, a former prisoner of war in Vietnam, talked up Cochran's character and
called him a "good and decent and honorable senator."

In its final days, the race has become a bitter and ugly contest with relatively
little attention paid to the policy differences between the two candidates.
Instead, there has been name-calling on social media, racial tension and
warnings about voter fraud from McDaniel supporters, who sense a tea party
victory but fear that Cochran - with the backing of some Democrats - could
survive.

The controversies are the latest in a campaign dominated by them, including four
arrests last month after a McDaniel supporter took a picture of Cochran's wife,
Rose, who is in a nursing home.

On Sunday, the Cochran family again became a topic when the McDaniel campaign
criticized Katherine Cochran - the incumbent's daughter and a college professor
- in response to a Facebook posting she published last week. In that missive,
she called McDaniel's campaign an effort "engineered to appeal to the very worst
in our electorate."

In its mocking rebuttal on Facebook, McDaniel's campaign used the hashtag
"Who'sYaDaddy?" under a black-and-white picture of her, drawing an angry
response from Cochran's spokesman, Jordan Russell, who called the phrase
"appalling" and "further proof that [McDaniel] is unfit for office."

Meanwhile, right-wing activists and national conservative groups, such as the
Senate Conservatives Fund and the Tea Party Patriots, are pouring into
Mississippi to look for alleged voter fraud. Since the state does not register
by party, the activists say that Cochran's outreach to Democrats - emphasizing
his record of securing federal funds for state schools and social programs -
could tilt the election.

Cochran's allies said the poll watching is a thinly veiled attempt to intimidate
voters, especially black Democrats, in a state with a history of racial
division.

When asked whether he approves of the highly organized push to observe polling
locations, McDaniel smiled and said he "absolutely" did. "To the extent that
they can assist in finding fair elections for Mississippians, we're all for it,"
he said.

Inside Jean's, Annie Stewart, a black medical worker who watched McDaniel shake
hands as she ate lunch, said she was growing increasingly wary of his politics
and the way the race has unfolded. "Sometimes, I wonder what's actually going on
here," she said. "It's gotten so negative."

Jamie Johnson, an employee of the restaurant, said he also felt uneasy about the
deeply personal nature of the primary. "The shadiness of it is something I've
thought about a lot," he said. "You know, just because we put McDaniel's picture
on the wall doesn't mean he can count on my vote."

A recent poll by Chism Strategies, a Democratic firm, showed McDaniel ahead by
52 percent to 44 percent among those who had voted in the June 3 primary.
Cochran's campaign said its internal data shows a "tight race."

On Monday night, McDaniel was in Flowood, Miss., shaking hands with supporters
and sounding upbeat about his chances after days spent canvassing the state with
the Tea Party Express.

Cochran, however, is betting that Republican supporters, some of whom stayed
home earlier this month, and sympathetic Democrats will help him win.

Flanking him in Jackson on Monday were powerful Mississippi Republicans,
including Gov. Phil Bryant and Sen. Roger Wicker. They spoke urgently about the
necessity of keeping Cochran, a senior member of the Senate, in office.

"Once I think it was Harry Truman who said, 'if you want a friend in Washington,
go out and buy a dog,' " McCain said. With Cochran, he added, "you have a friend
in Washington and I have a friend in Washington."

robert.costa@washpost.com

Jeff Simon contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 21, 2012 Friday

The best books of 2012

BYLINE: Rakesh Bedi

SECTION: ET CETERA

LENGTH: 1726 words


With monotonous regularity, every year brings at its start dire predictions of
the death of the reading habit. The growing cult of the ebook, the Kubrickesque
invasion of mind-deadening technology and finger-twisting gadgets and a general
devaluation of culture and many other illdefined and undefined spectres are
always the root of these fears. But as the year fades out our hope in books is
restored by writers who unfailingly produce stuff that is redemptive and rallies
readers towards it. 2012, too, started with the grim reaper lying stealthily in
wait to pounce on the weary habit of reading, but as we go into 2013 the books
the year produced renewed our faith and proved life-affirming for the indolent
yet inquisitive addiction of the book. At ET, we believe in the Book and the
list we give below is a kind of a bookend to the captivating fiction and
non-fiction that came out this year. Read and enjoy...

The Old Ways: A Journey on Foot by Robert MacFarlane

One walks to a station, one walks to a destination, but have you walked to stir
some splendid prose? Cambridge don Robert Macfarlane does precisely that to put
together his third book, making a kind of loose trilogy with his other two
widely admired travelogues: Mountains of the Mind and The Wild Places. In
Mountains, where he riffed on Samuel Coleridge apart from astonishing mountain
landscapes, to Old Ways, which contains an astute section on the poet Edward
Thomas plus soaring accounts of his peregrinations through the various routes of
the British landscape, Macfarlane shows he is a wide-ranging writer of huge
talent and wonderfully evocative prose. British travel writing has been served
richly by Patrick Leigh Fermor and Bruce Chatwin, and the young Macfarlane can
be proudly abreast of them. WG Sebald, the genius traveller who mixed fact and
fiction and used themes of memory to produce outstanding writing, is surely a
model for Macfarlane, but his work is more life-affirming than the melancholic
Sebald's.

A Hologram for the King by Dave Eggers

Dave Eggers gave us the brave story of Zeitoun, the Syrian-American small-time
businessman who rides out Hurricane Katrina in a small canoe in New Orleans and
saves the lives of his many neighbours. Coming after 9/11, Eggers' story had a
deep resonance. Now, McSweeney's founder plants a middle-aged American in a
hollowed-out city in Saudi Arabia who waits endlessly for a deal to close to
change his life. Standing Pax Americana on its head, Eggers writes an eloquent
parable about America's global standing in a tone that's nothing short of
Beckettian. As the despairing businessman waits it out in Saudi, Eggers subtly
underlines the absurdist hopelessness and decay of the vaunted American
middle-class.

Far from the Tree by Andrew Solomon

Andrew Solomon, in this book coming after his deeply penetrating study on
melancholia called The Atlas of Depression, studied children with "horizontal
identities" for a decade. Solomon, a gay father himself, writes about the cares
and travails of families who raise children out of kilter with normality. As he
goes about investigating and meeting families across the world which bring up
children with traits they don't share with their parents, Solomon excavates the
abiding love and immense sacrifice of the families which either emerge stronger
or just fall apart while raising dwarfs, schizophrenics and transgendered
children. In Africa, where he goes to study the plight of children conceived in
rapes, Solomon narrates the painful yet touching stories of mothers whose
children came into this world after a terrible, harrowing ordeal they suffered
in the midst of callous, ruthless and primeval societies.

Telegraph Avenue by Michael Chabon

The Adventures of Kavalier and Clay announced to the whole world that there was
no one better than Michael Chabon to take you on a rollicking ride through
America. With Telegraph Avenue, he proves there's perhaps no one more talented
than him to give you the American Story in all its bulging splendour and busting
shadiness. Darin Strauss called it Joycean, and Chabon's Californian characters
going through the usual rigmarole of race and class fighting their existential
crises make it a treat almost worthy of the comparison. As in earlier Chabons,
there are plenty of swinging references to America's pop culture laid out in
prose so buoyant that some critics have already called the book the first Great
American Novel of the 21st century.



Iron Curtain: The Crushing of Eastern Europe, 1944-1956 by Anne Applebaum

In Andrzej Wajda's classic Man of Marble, a documentary filmmaker hunts for a
Polish bricklayer who slaves to keep the Stalinist foundation intact. Wajda lays
bare the shenanigans of Stakhanovites and the heinous and souldestroying
bureaucracy the overachieving ethic engenders. Behind the Iron Curtain lay a
humourless, morose society, afraid even of jokes because, as George Orwell said,
every joke by its nature was a "tiny revolution". Anne Applebaum's masterly
history of the sullen and bleak Iron Curtain tells us how Soviet apparatchiks
with their stringent rigidity leeched life out of the countries they ruled with
deep insecurities and even deeper anxieties. Jazz was banned in East Germany
because it had not sprung from the Soviet ideology.

Clampdowns were swift on any trivial thing, even a pair of socks, that could
threaten to send the deadening Stalinism into retreat. That the Curtain finally
lifted, and with it the gloomy fog, helped stop a Marxian nightmare into
becoming a (Groucho) Marxian dream!

HHhH by Laurent Binet

Reinhard Heydrich, the Nazi butcher of Prague and organiser of Kristallnacht,
was killed in one of the most courageous acts of resistance by Jozef Gabcik and
Jan Kubis in British-ordered Operation Anthropoid, a bizarre name for an
important, war-changing assassination yet apt for what it finally achieved.
Laurent Binet, a French teacher and the son of a history teacher, won Prix
Goncourt du Premier Roman for his debut novel in 2010.

Translated competently by fiction writer Sam Taylor, Binet's historical thriller
brings 1942 and "the most dangerous man in the Third Reich" tantalizingly close
to us. Binet keeps intruding into the book with his Milan Kundera-like
pronouncements on how difficult it is for a modern novelist to resist the
alluring temptation of making things up when dealing with momentous history. The
hellish brutal Nazi machine and the heroic bravery of the Czech resistance are
captured brilliantly in Binet's racy style which meshes the honesty of a
journalist with messianic aspects of fiction to create a knockout narrative.

Behind the Beautiful Forevers: Life, Death and Hope in a Mumbai Undercity by
Katherine Boo

That it took an American journalist to write the best book on an Indian slum
should be a constant source of shame for us. But we are used to it. After all,
the best film on Gandhi was made by a British. Katherine Boo, a New Yorker
writer and wife of Indian academic Sunil Khilnani, has written a spellbinding
piece of reportage without an iota of romanticism on Annawadi, a Mumbai slum
abutting the teeming city's airport. Not making the bedevilled poor look exotic,
Boo goes deep into the divisions that exist in today's India, lurching between
the highs of humungous wealth and lows of scarring, punch-in-the-gut poverty.
It's a book that should always be a key part of the discourse on Indian poverty
because it's not a sentimental but a sagacious piece of writing with sharp
insights into how the destitute eke out their blighted existences. Recently,
Indian writers such as Aman Sethi and Sonia Faleiro have produced splendid books
on the Indian underbelly. Boo's majestic, meaty book, which reminds of Michael
Harrington's The Other America, is a splendid addition to the genre.

The Yellow Birds by Kevin Powers

When you are 17 and serving the US army as a machine-gunner in Iraq, the idea
that you may end up writing a searing, brilliant novel on the war never crosses
your narrowly focused mind. But that's what Kevin Powers did with The Yellow
Birds, instantly hailed as a classic of war fiction on a level with Tim
O'Brien's Vietnam masterpiece The Things They Carried. Writing a heartrending
tale of innocent and young friendship, Powers lays out, in poetic and rich
detail, the burning and harrowing images of America's Middle East wars. As a
debut, it's a remarkably gripping, affecting book that will stay with you for a
long time.

This is How You Lose Her by Junot Diaz

Yuninor, the guy who speaks a language that many have called Spanglish, gets a
reprise in Junot Diaz's third book. In fact, he has featured in all his books:
Drown, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao and now This is How You Lose Her.
But here in this collection of magically addictive short stories, Yuninor, part
alter ego of Diaz, finds a seductive voice that keeps you enthralled with his
irresistible dialect and unbridled, inventive dissing through the nine stories
making up this inventive assemblage. Diaz writes about the sweet and sour tugs
of the family history and cultural mores, and about the endless, insuperable
difficulty of loving oneself in a language that's entertaining and tantalizing
at the same time. It's a grave loss to the literary world that Diaz, a born
storyteller, is such a slow writer, but no one would mind if his magnificent
output continues to be as electrifying and intimate as this collection of
shorts.

Every Story is a Ghost Story: A Life of David Foster Wallace by DT Max

DFW, as the great David Foster Wallace was called, once had defined Updike as "a
penis with a thesaurus", opening a rift with America's towering post-war writers
such as the waspish Updike and the "monstrous" Mailer. But DFW, a brilliant
student and a terrific tennis player with a fetish for Thomas Pynchon and
William Gaddis, had the talent to take them on. For the post-Raymond Carver
generation, he is almost like god. Battling severe depression all his life, DFW
killed himself at 46, bringing to a sudden and shocking end a stupendous career
marked by path-breaking books. DT Max, a New Yorker staff writer, tells his sad
story in a deeply researched biography, which gives us the man, his prodigious
gifts and his stunning works. At the end of this riveting book, DFW almost
becomes "maximally likeable".

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

TALLAHASSEE: BREEDING GROUND FOR CORRUPTION

BYLINE: DANIEL RUTH

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 742 words


Smart as these folks are, you don't need to be highfalutin political science
scholars like Filipe Campante and Quoc-Anh Do to expect that the more isolated a
state capital is from the public, the greater likelihood its public officials
will be more ethically compromised than a reunion of James Bond villains.

That's why, translated from the Seminole tongue, Tallahassee means: "You have
the right to remain silent."

In a recent piece for the American Economic Review, Campante of Harvard
University and Do, from the Institute of Political Studies in Paris, concluded
"Isolated capital cities display worse quality of governance of endogenous
institutional choice based on the idea elites are constrained by the threat of
rebellion, and that this threat is rendered less effective by distance from the
seat of political power."

That's not just an academic theory. It's a rather verbose motto for the state of
Florida.

Or to get away from all the ivory tower jibber-jabber, the more these charlatans
can hide from the public scrutiny the easier it is for them to become pole
dancers for special interests who want to jam money into their garter belts.

And it also explains why occasional efforts to create a more accessible state
capital away from Tallahassee have been an exercise in futility. That makes
sense. Wouldn't this be a bit like someone on the FBI's 10 most wanted list
posting their travel itinerary on Facebook?

With the exception of Juneau, Alaska, a city inaccessible by road that cannot
even be seen from Sarah Palin's porch, Tallahassee - which is Seminole for "Mr.
Jury Foreman, do you have a verdict?" - remains a you-can't-get-there-from-here
capital of the nation's fourth largest state.

Does this make any sense? Sure, if you are the governor or a member of the
Florida Legislature and the last thing you want is to make it easier for those
great unwashed saps in the body politic to see you in action rolling over for a
Snausage and a tummy rub from a capital lobbyist grifter.

Campante and Do could have easily been writing specifically about Tallahassee -
which is Seminole for: "A check! For me? Why, you should have!" - when they
wrote: "We also find isolated capitals are associated with more money in
state-level campaigns."

Do ya think?

Campante and Do are being too gentle.

Florida government and politics are more than "associated." The governor's
office, the Cabinet and the Florida Legislature make Nevada's Mustang Ranch
brothel look like a convent.

To be sure, it would make sense to relocate the capital, which if the Florida
Legislature had its way would wind up in Montana.

But as a practical matter, completely abandoning Tallahassee - which is Seminole
for "I refuse to answer on the grounds ..." - would be problematic.

First, it would require moving out of the crime against architecture, 22-story
Capitol building, which looks like (for good reason) an immense middle digit
dominating the city skyline.

Still, it wouldn't hurt if the Legislature's annual sessions, which are really
little more than an influence peddler sweat lodge, were conducted in a central
locale so more average residents have an opportunity to attend and observe their
elected representatives in the full flower of their slavish devotion to their
special interest minders.

It is arguably true that the average Floridian would be gobsmacked at the sight
of the capitol rotunda during a legislative session teaming with hundreds of
lobbyists scurrying back and forth like drones between the House and Senate
chambers as they manipulate, dictate and obfuscate pending legislation to
benefit their deep-pocketed clients.

About the only representative democracy going on here is the recitation of the
Pledge of Allegiance, and then it's every elected shill on the make for
themselves.

Tampa and Orlando have convention centers that could comfortably accommodate the
House and Senate, thus giving any citizen access to see their elected
officeholder in inaction.

Would a field trip legislative session ever happen? Of course not.

Why spoil a good thing? Why bother to actually govern in the accessible sunshine
when Tallahassee - which is Seminole for "No comment" - offers the perfect
long-distance cover for all manner of political mischief?

Campante and Do argue isolation is the perfect breeding ground for corruption.

And what more fertile crescent for shadiness than the faraway land of
Tallahassee - which is Seminole for "Nolo Contendere."

- druth@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 24, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Can we commit to not say ``commit''?

BYLINE: Terry Frei Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 765 words


Last week, Mullen offensive tackle Bryce Givens disclosed he was backing away
from his original "oral commitment" to attend the University of Nebraska and
planned to go to Colorado instead.

In the wake of Bill Callahan's firing in Lincoln, Givens and two other prospects
said they planned to switch from Nebraska to Colorado.

Dirty pool?

No, and I'd still say that if the roles were reversed.

Here's the problem: The popularization of the term "oral commitment" for a
non-binding announcement is teaching recruits that their word means nothing.

Why call it a "commitment" if it isn't a commitment at all?

In football, the theory is that it's a "commitment" to sign a national letter of
intent with a program in the February following the prospect's senior high
school season. But it really isn't. It's nothing more than an announcement of a
player's tentative plans. In some cases, opposing coaches considered it a
slammed door. But that has less to do with honor than it does with pragmatism
and the need to avoid wasting time and resources. In other instances, often (but
not always) after rival staffs are fired or programs have terrible seasons,
opposing programs don't give up.

There was nothing wrong with Givens changing his mind, especially after
Callahan's firing. There would be nothing wrong with him changing his mind
again.

The NCAA officially doesn't consider an "oral commitment" part of the recruiting
process. Rather, the term primarily is a media and recruiting tracker invention.
Some prospects and coaches use the term themselves, but that's because they've
been indoctrinated in the fashionable phraseology.

Websites, hobbyists and journalists have helped transform recruiting from a low-

profile process into a frenzied mess in which prospects' every trip, move and
utterance is news. When a prospect "orally commits," as Givens did to Nebraska
in April, roughly 231,462 fans of the program receive e-mails announcing it from
the recruiting-conscious websites, and newspapers dutifully report it.

Just semantics? Perhaps, but the prospects also find that opposing coaches see
nothing dishonorable in asking them to go back on what at least is called a
commitment.

And after they initially announce their intentions, they can de-commit,
re-commit or un-commit.

Then they can de-commit their de-commitment.

In NCAA recruiting, nothing means anything until the real day of commitment,
national letter of intent day.

If these prospects take the SAT, and they are asked if a handshake accompanied
by a spoken promise is considered either a morally or legally binding
commitment, they probably would answer:

c) No. No commitment is binding until it's in writing.

There has been considerable progress in college football recruiting. No longer
do many recruiting pitches come with promises of plane tickets for parents and
family, cars, soft summer jobs and boosters buying players' complimentary
tickets for 3,500 percent of face value.

That's mostly gone because programs know they can't get away with it any longer.
Rogue boosters can and do jump in with illegal offers, either during recruiting
or after the players arrive on campus, but there's a lot less of that than there
used to be. The major cheating in college football now is academic shadiness.

Unfortunately, we can't retreat to when the first we heard of recruiting was
when schools released lists of recruits on the signing date, and when everyone
withheld judgment, rather than taking the word of Internet sites and "gurus" who
might or might not be capable of evaluating talent. Information gathering and
parroting others' opinions is not astute evaluation, and the smart college
programs and coaches rely on their own instincts and judgments.

But at the very least, can't we change the terminology?

Announcing intentions is not a "commitment" unless it is binding - and the
coaches treat it as such. If football prospects want to take off the pressure,
they should have the right to sign a letter of intent any time after their
junior seasons. Basketball has an early signing period. Football could have one,
too. But it should be made clear: It's truly a commitment - and to a school, not
a coach. If you want to keep your options open, don't sign early.

Short of that, it would be progress if we simply reported when a player says he
plans to sign a letter of intent with a program, while never using the word
"commitment." Why call it a "commitment" if it isn't one?

Either come up with a system that makes an oral "commitment" binding, or get the
word out of the recruiting process.

Terry Frei: 303-954-1895 or tfrei@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Darren Sharper: Former teammates stunned by rape case

BYLINE: By Tyler Dunne Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: SPORTS; Vikings

LENGTH: 1600 words


GREEN BAY -- This sight of Darren Sharper is painful. The Darren Sharper in an
orange prison suit -- accused of sick, demented crimes -- isn't the one former
teammates remember.

LeRoy Butler knew him as one of his "best friends," who treated women like
royalty.

Kabeer Gbaja-Biamila knew him as a jokester, a teammate who once snuck a worm
into his helmet on the sideline.

Antonio Freeman played video games with Sharper. Tyrone Williams talked about
the stock market with him. Coaches vow he was a tireless worker.

They never saw him as a serial rapist. And, if guilty, that may become the
former Green Bay Packers safety's ultimate legacy.

"I never, ever could have imagined seeing what has allegedly happened with
Darren Sharper," said Williams, his voice spiking. "I never would have seen this
coming. It's mind-boggling."

If all the allegations are true, at some point this multimillionaire with the
multimillion-watt smile took an awful turn.

Investigators say Sharper slipped sedatives into women's drinks, rendering them
unconscious, at which point he'd rape them. When Los Angeles police arrested
Sharper on Jan. 17 on suspicion of October and January rapes, they found 20
Ambien pills in his possession. Since then, he has been charged in Los Angeles
with two rapes and five drug counts, indicted for two more rapes in Arizona and
is under investigation in Florida, Louisiana and Nevada.

The 38-year-old Sharper has pleaded not guilty and remains jailed in Los
Angeles. He has a hearing Tuesday. He faces a life sentence.

No incidents have been alleged in Wisconsin, the site of his first eight pro
seasons. This is where he grew from a raw, mistake-prone rookie in 1997 to an
All-Pro. Teammates didn't see signs. Some have theories of how a player who
supposedly had it all -- money, women, a Super Bowl, a gig at NFL Network --
could break so bad.

But pure shock, above all, is the prevailing emotion.

"Either way, this is going to go down as one of the worst things in NFL
history," said Williams, a teammate for six seasons. "I can't think of anything
to this magnitude."

The defensive backs

Friends. Mentors. The ones with Sharper daily in Green Bay didn't detect a
thing. Both Butler and Williams studied film with him, practiced, hung out and
... nothing.

They saw Sharper around women, too.

Drugging? Raping? The safety who took Sharper under his wing as a rookie is in
shock.

"This guy was like the chivalry days where you'd lay down a jacket so they could
walk over the puddle," Butler said. "He was always very respectful. All my kids
liked him, and I have four daughters. They knew him. They thought very highly of
him."

They're not defending. Not judging. They're in disbelief.

Soon after that initial January arrest, Butler called those closest to Sharper.
Everyone with Green Bay roots, Butler said, "is shocked." The two of them hung
out "quite a bit," too. They kept in touch right up to Sharper's departure as a
free agent to the Vikings in 2005. Until then, Butler saw no shadow of a
predator.

"Girls would throw themselves at him," Butler said. "He had no problem getting
women at all. Good-looking guy. Great player. Possible hall of famer. He had
lots of money. He had great parents -- fantastic parents. This was a guy nobody
would expect this kind of stuff from."

Take the trip to Miami, for example. Butler once flew to Sharper's new South
Beach condo for a calendar photo shoot. Walking down the beach, women were
"gawking" over Sharper, Butler said. The average-looking friends, the ones who
were hit-or-miss with the ladies, would hang around Sharper because of the women
he attracted.

Girls waited for Sharper everywhere, Butler said.

"At the gym. Outside. He was just a nice guy," Butler said. "Everybody liked
him."

Players rarely partied in Green Bay. If they wanted to have a few beers, they
made the 115-mile drive south to Milwaukee, where Sharper often held parties of
his own. They were a "big deal" to attend, Freeman said.

But nobody was passing out, the former teammates said. There was no shadiness to
it. One law enforcement officer in Green Bay during Sharper's years -- 1997 to
2004 -- said he never heard of any trouble in town.

Williams, like Butler, considered Sharper a close friend. Humble. Focused.
Smart. These are the words he uses, repeatedly, to describe the Sharper he knew.
They went out together in Wisconsin and Miami, too. When the Chicago Bears
played the Indianapolis Colts in the Super Bowl, Williams attended one of
Sharper's parties in New Orleans.

"He'd go out, have drinks, take them to dinner," Williams said. "I never saw him
disrespect women like that. I just never saw it happen."

The two of them didn't carry typical 21- and 22-year-old conversation. They
reviewed the stock market. They poked fun at a teammate for his falling stock in
Krispy Kreme. Bragging about his education from William & Mary, Sharper
discussed "saving money," about "being a business guy."

Always "high-level conversation," Williams said.

The coaches

So the ones in charge at 1265 Lombardi Ave. had to see a sign, right? Someone
accused of rape had to carry an air of selfishness, of entitlement, had to exude
some prima donna stench.

The Sharper coaches remember was, again, the exact opposite.

Kurt Schottenheimer was his position coach that final season in Green Bay. And
player always beat coach to the film room, to the practice field.

"It was easy to have a really good relationship with him," Schottenheimer said.
"He was all about football. It was easy to get on the same page as him. He
worked hard in all aspects of preparation, film work and on-the-field work. He
was the first one on the field, the last one to leave.

"You could walk into the defensive back room any time -- day or night -- and you
wouldn't be surprised if he was in there looking at film."

Sharper's first position coach in Green Bay (Bob Valesente) and his last
(Schottenheimer) paint the same picture. While they didn't see Sharper at the
bars, they did see how he responded to success and failure.

After Green Bay's back-to-back Super Bowl appearances, Sharper was the goat in
the 1998 NFC wild-card classic at San Francisco. Terrell Owens found just enough
room inside the safety to catch a 25-yard touchdown pass with 3 seconds left.
The loss, the play, effectively slammed a title window shut. Sharper was burned
often those first two seasons. "Terrible," Williams puts it nicely.

By Year 4, Sharper was a ticking turnover. Schottenheimer coached Sharper (2004)
and Charles Woodson (2006-08) in Green Bay. One a safety, one a cornerback, the
two were strikingly similar.

The reason Sharper had nine-interception seasons with three teams was
professionalism, Schottenheimer said. Preparation. He watched film on his own,
constantly, and earned a license to roam.

Many times, Sharper was supposed to cover a deep half in Cover 2 and "all of a
sudden," Schottenheimer said, he's picking off a pass at a linebacker's depth.

"And I'm thinking, 'What the heck is he doing?' " Schottenheimer said. "The head
coach, Mike Sherman, looked at me and said, 'That's Darren, Coach. He sees stuff
that the rest of us don't see.' "

Yet soon, all of this could become trivial. Inconsequential. The charges against
Sharper reflect evil. Evil the coaches never saw.

"He was the kind of guy," Schottenheimer said, "you'd bring home to dinner any
time."

The star

Freeman can't take his mind off the alleged victims. Recharging his memory, he
can't recall anything suspicious about those Milwaukee parties.

"You didn't hear about any drink slipping or anything," Freeman said. "I don't
remember anybody falling asleep or passing out in our presence."

Freeman was more apt to hunker down and play Madden on Playstation after
practice. As a person, Freeman does remember Sharper as a "college kid" with a
"college mentality." He was cocky -- "very cocky, very full of himself." He
can't say Sharper was this kind of guy, a rapist, or that he isn't. He wants the
facts to play out in court.

But Freeman was a star himself. He saw the potential pitfalls.

So when Freeman heard about Sharper's associate in these alleged rapes, he
connected dots. Erik Nunez, a server at Morton's Steakhouse in New Orleans who
was accused along with Sharper, is the X-factor. Any star-status athlete can
have his inner circle poisoned at any time. All it takes, Freeman says, is a
friend of a friend.

"Whoever he was running with," Freeman said, "they thought this (expletive) was
cool, too. It wasn't just him. It was him and another dude, a young kid.
Somebody thought this was fun. Somebody didn't look at this with the seriousness
that it really is."

The details are ugly. In one New Orleans police report obtained by multiple
outlets, two alleged victims are described as impaired by a substance "to the
degree that both do not recall the entirety of the sexual intercourse." The
victims said they "awoke to a stupor" to find Sharper "completely nude" on top
of them. The report also says Sharper and Nunez admitted to witnesses they had
sex with the two victims without their knowledge.

This college mentality must have turned bad when he ran across somebody,
somewhere, somehow, Freeman says.

"You might not know who these people are," Freeman said. "Their emphasis may be
good. It may be discreet. ... But somebody came into contact with him along the
way, told him this was cool and -- with that same college mentality -- it became
an addiction."

Details will emerge. All players hope, pray, he's innocent. For now, this is not
the Darren Sharper that Green Bay remembers.

"If their story is true and it's proven," Freeman said, "it's a sad, sad day."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Vikings and Green Bay Packers defensive back Darren Sharper.
(Donald Miralle/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             April 20, 2007 Friday

Merely Producing at 41, Bonds Achieves Rare Feat

BYLINE: TIM MARCHMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 798 words


So far this season, with one or two exceptions, the big baseball story has been
the nonstory. The standings, with the exception of the Philadelphia Phillies'
presence at the bottom of the National League East, already look more or less
exactly as everyone predicted they would coming out of spring training. The best
individual performers, like Alex Rodriguez, have generally surprised no one who
was paying attention. Usually, the game is in a state of suspense in mid-April,
waiting for the actual outlines of a campaign to emerge from the hot and cold
streaks. This year, it's more like summer with bad weather.

The most unusual and noteworthy non-story, though, is the big one, to which
everyone is already paying attention - Barry Bonds's chase of Hank Aaron's
career home runs record. Bonds, who turns 42 in July, has hit four home runs
through his team's first 14 games, and is hitting .306 BA/.458 OBA/.694 SLG
overall. Barring an acute injury, which is certainly possible at his age, he's
going to break the record in June. He might well lead the league in home runs.

It says a lot about how complex Bonds's story has become that the fact that he
remains, at 41, perhaps the best hitter in baseball isn't even a particularly
notable aspect of it at this point. Bonds's relationship to Aaron, his
relationship to federal investigators who have been looking into his tax
records, and his relationship to the drug-scandal commission headed by Senator
Mitchell have all overwhelmed his chase for Aaron's record, let alone his role
as the left fielder for the San Francisco Giants, and perhaps rightly so. Still,
it's worth putting what Bonds is doing in perspective, because we've never seen
anything even remotely like it before.

Right now, Bonds is on pace to hit 46 home runs. That assumes that he'll play at
the pace he's been playing so far this year and take the field in about 140
games, which seems reasonable given that he played 130 last year. The total
number of seasons in which a player 41 or older has played that many games is
eight. In three of those, the player was primarily a designated hitter; Pete
Rose accounts for two more, and Honus Wagner, Rabbit Maranville, and Luke
Appling each had one season in which they played that much. The mere fact that
Bonds is capable of fulltime play is, in its own right, an extremely unusual
achievement.

To return to those 46 home runs, though, consider this: In the entire history of
baseball, 21 players have hit 10 or more home runs from the age of 41 onward.
The career record for the most home runs hit after that age is held by Carlton
Fisk, who from the time he was 41 until his retirement four years later hit 53.
Bonds actually has an outside chance of hitting that many this year. He's hit 30
home runs since last year, in 541 at-bats; it took Fisk 1,713 at-bats to hit his
home runs.

What's most remarkable about Bonds right now is that he isn't limping to the
finish line. Aaron, as much as I hate to admit it, did. In his last two seasons
he was no longer even an average player. Rose was probably the worst player in
baseball for a few years before he broke Ty Cobb's career hits record. Rickey
Henderson was, like Aaron, more a marginal major leaguer than a Rose-style
embarrassment by the time he broke the all-time runs record, but he, too, was
really just hanging on in baseball. Bonds is still as good as anyone you'd care
to name, at an age when being able to play the game as anything but a reserve
and a quasi-coach is nearly unprecedented.

This should all be very plain and obvious, and yet it somehow isn't. There is so
much scandal and controversy surrounding Bonds, and his team is so mediocre,
that he's simply ceased to be relevant as an actual baseball player. It takes a
bit of focused attention to remember that we're basically talking about Ted
Williams with Hendersonclass athleticism, or Willie Mays with a worse throwing
arm and a better batting eye.

Talent on that scale, controversy aside, creates its own context, in which
nothing seems unusual, something that is in the end probably a bigger factor
than Bonds's shadiness or the relative indifference with which his most
impressive accomplishments are being met. If we take what Bonds is doing for
granted, it's also probably true that we've also taken Roger Clemens, who's 10
times the pitcher Nolan Ryan was, a bit for granted, and Alex Rodriguez, too,
and all for similar reasons. We all have a frame within which we can process
what a player is doing; when a player goes too far outside that frame, it's easy
to simply disregard it. We'll see how baseball handles Bonds's crowing moment
the day he breaks Aaron's record. Personally, I'll be at least as impressed by
his presence in left field as I will be by number 756.

tmarchman@nysun.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Herhold: Winners and losers of the 2016 primary

BYLINE: By Scott Herhold, sherhold@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 581 words


Beyond the names on the ballot, every election has its less obvious list of
winners and losers, the folks who helped shape the outcome. With the bulk of the
vote now counted from Tuesday's election, it's time to call them out. Think of
it as succoring the victors and shooting the wounded:

WINNERS

Chuck Reed -- San Jose's ex-mayor has had a rough political run lately. His
signature initiative in office, the 2012 Measure B pension reform, has lost
sinew in the courts and been trimmed in talks with the city's unions. But Reed
emerged triumphant with the defeat of Measure C, a proposal that would have
lifted zoning restrictions for marijuana collectives. Ironically, he stood with
16 sanctioned pot collectives to beat the measure.

Sam Liccardo -- San Jose's mayor did not win everything -- he's the only person
here on both my winner and loser lists -- but in one very important respect, he
was victorious: Measure B, which would raise the city's sales tax by one-quarter
cent, passed handily. The mayor sold the measure as a means of getting better
roads and more cops. It will also benefit the unions that negotiated the fate of
Reed's pension reform with Liccardo.

Kevin de León -- The president pro tem of the California state Senate has had a
presence in San Jose politics largely because his ex-girlfriend, Magdalena
Carrasco, serves on the San Jose City Council. But this time he flexed muscle,
helping to funnel money to the council campaign of Sylvia Arenas, who looks as
though she is headed to a runoff with Jimmy Nguyen in District 8.

The Laborers' Union -- Congressional challenger Ro Khanna did far better in this
year's primary than he did in June 2014 against incumbent Mike Honda. At my
deadline, Honda and Khanna were neck and neck. But with Republican and
independent voters likely to go his way, Khanna has a formidable chance to
unseat Honda in November. An important early endorsement -- because it shielded
him against charges of not caring enough about working people -- came from the
Pacific Southwest Region of the Laborers' International Union.

LOSERS

Trees on the Peninsula -- I know: It's a questionable critique from someone who
works for a newspaper. But 24th District Assembly candidate Marc Berman deluged
Peninsula voters with so many mailers -- I counted at least 20 -- that he must
have engaged in clear-cutting in his first-place finish. Berman for building
roads? Yes. Berman for pre-K? Yes. Berman for clean energy? Yes. Berman for
Berman? Of course.

Sam Liccardo -- San Jose's mayor did not fare well in his council endorsements.
His candidate in District 6, Norm Kline, did not finish in the top two for
November's runoff. The ex-planning commissioner was lagging in third place
behind Dev Davis and Helen Chapman even though one of his pieces featured a big
picture of a smiling mayor. Liccardo's other council endorsement, Denise
Belisle, was trailing behind Arenas for a runoff spot in District 8.

The California Apartment Association -- The association put out one of the most
misleading local mailers of this election cycle when it accused San Jose council
candidate Ash Kalra of having a record of absences on the council. In fact,
Kalra was often late, missing roll call. He was usually there for votes. The
piece was probably damaging. Kalra's rival, Madison Nguyen, finished well ahead
of him. But the apartment folks make my list of losers because of the shadiness
of the hit.

Contact Scott Herhold at 408-275-0917 or Twitter.com/scottherhold.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 28, 2014 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Calipari plays by rules;
Kentucky coach makes no apologies for one-and-dones

BYLINE: Nancy Armour, narmour@usatoday.com, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 702 words


John Calipari makes an easy target for all that's wrong with big-time college
sports.

He has built a career on the one-and-dones, churning out wins and teenage NBA
draft picks at a dizzying rate. With more than a dozen underclassmen drafted in
the last five years, Kentucky under Calipari appears to have more in common with
the D-League than the Ivy League.

Don't buy it for a second.

The NCAA has problems -- lots of them. Calipari and his system are the least of
them.

"The rule is not my rule," he said Thursday. "I believe it should be a two-year
rule. But it's between the NBA and the players association. Has nothing to do
with me or the NCAA."

We all want to believe college athletics are pure and high-minded, that the free
education "student-athletes" get is a fair and even trade for representing their
schools on the football field, basketball court or baseball diamond. But it's
not even close, and never has that been more obvious.

The NCAA gets $10.8billion -- that's billion with a B -- from its TV contract
for the men's basketball tournament, while the kids responsible for generating
all that cash get little more than meal money. Coaches can bolt from a school
with little repercussion, while the players they leave behind are stuck.

And these "kids" who supposedly care more about the name on the front of their
jersey than the one on their back? They're amateurs in name only, often putting
in more hours for their sport than folks  in their full-time jobs.

So, yes, until the NBA says differently, Calipari will gladly take the country's
best talent, impart as much wisdom as he can in a year or two and then turn them
loose to seek their fortune. It's a seedy business, not at all what university
leaders imagined when students first began playing organized sports.

But Calipari is simply playing by the rules others put in place, and he'll make
no apologies for it.

"We're all playing the hand we're dealt," he said. "Would I like to have had
them for four years? Yes. But I also like what's happened for them and their
families.

"The rule the way it is, I'm not punishing these kids. If they choose to leave,
even though they maybe shouldn't leave ... I'm going to support them. It's their
decision, for them. It's not about me or about the University of Kentucky."

Don't give the NBA credit for looking out for the kids, either. The league only
imposed an age limit because it was concerned its game was being ruined by all
the ill-prepared high schoolers who were jumping straight to the NBA. In
protecting itself, however, the NBA created the college game's current mess.

Talk to almost any college coach, and he's not a fan of the one-and-done rule.
There are so many benefits to spending two or three years in college, and the
improvements a player makes on the playing field are just a small part of that.

Calipari beamed Thursday when he talked about Jon Hood, one of the two seniors
on Kentucky's roster. Hood has started one game in his four years and played in
13 this year. His career high is seven points, and he has never averaged more
than 1.5 for a season. But Calipari has watched Hood grow from an overwhelmed
kid to a young man so mature and composed he's like another coach. Hood's future
is just as bright as Kentucky's freshman phenoms, even if it will take him in a
very different direction.

"He graduated. He's working on postgraduate stuff. He's got people lined up to
give him jobs if that's what he chooses to do," Calipari said. "That's what you
want. That's why I wish I had guys four to five years. But it's not my rule.
It's not what I want. But I'm not going to hold a kid back. Just like Jon Hood,
I want to do right by him, I want to do right by (No.1 picks) John Wall and
Anthony Davis."

The problem, of course, is not everybody's ideals are so high-minded. Calipari
has never been accused of any shadiness -- not officially, anyway -- but his
teams at Memphis and Massachusetts had to vacate Final Four seasons because of
rules violations.

But Calipari didn't make those rules up, either. Just as he's not the Dean of
Higher Education, he's not the Dean of Discipline.

He's a basketball coach who gets paid a lot of money to win, and he'll do it
however the rules allow.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Nelson Chenault, USA TODAY Sports Kendall Pollard splits the
Stanford defense in the second half Thursday as No. 11 seed Dayton beat the
Cardinal 82-72 and advanced to the Elite Eight for the first time since 1984.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLLEGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        July 31, 2015 Friday 1:00 PM GMT

This week's new films;
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation | Hot Pursuit | The Cobbler | Iris | Beyond
The Reach | Cub | Doctor Proctor's Fart Powder | Man With A Movie Camera

BYLINE: Steve Rose

SECTION: FILM

LENGTH: 719 words

Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation (12A) (Christopher McQuarrie, 2015, US) Tom
Cruise, Simon Pegg, Rebecca Ferguson, Jeremy Renner, Sean Harris. 131 mins

After four previous instalments of Mission Nearly Impossible But Somehow They
Pulled It Off, you know where you're going here, and there's often a feeling
you've been there before: exotic locations, opera assassinations, car chases,
high-tech MacGuffins, and a plot that puts Cruise's spy crew out in the cold.
But the bar is still pretty high, especially in terms of action set-pieces and
authentic-looking daredevil stunts, which are surely a better outlet for Tom
Cruise's excessive zeal than Scientology.

Hot Pursuit (12A) (Anne Fletcher, 2015, US) Reese Witherspoon, Sofía Vergara,
Robert Kazinsky. 87 mins

Shackle Witherspoon's underachieving Texan cop together with Vergara's
exaggeratedly Hispanic gangster's moll and set them off down Mismatched Buddy
Highway, and this middling comedy virtually writes itself - albeit not into the
history books.

The Cobbler (12A) (Thomas McCarthy, 2015, US) Adam Sandler, Steve Buscemi,
Method Man. 98 mins

Another high-concept, low-execution comedy rolls off the Sandler line, hinging
on the gimmick of his New York cobbler magically taking on the appearance of
whoever's shoes he steps into. If only there were an apt shoemaker-related
expression to describe it.

Iris (12A) (Albert Maysles, 2014, US) 80 mins

The late Maysles finds a kindred spirt in 93-year-old Iris Apfel: obsessive
accessoriser, flamboyant persona, veteran fashionista and droll wit, but also -
like Maysles - someone so happily married to their craft they've acquired
legendary status.

Beyond The Reach (12A) (Jean-Baptiste Léonetti, 2014, US) Michael Douglas,
Jeremy Irvine, Martin Palmer. 91 mins

A promising set-up delivers disappointingly little, as Douglas's slimy, moneyed
hunter and Irvine's buff, bare-chested young guide/quarry play a marathon
cat-and-mouse game in the Mojave desert.

Cub (15) (Jonas Govaerts, 2014, Bel) Maurice Luijten, Titus de Voogdt, Stef
Aerts. 84 mins

A Belgian scout camp provides fresh meat for a mysterious woodland slasher - who
seems to be a campfire legend come true. Inventive slayings and a respect for
tradition are a bonus.

Doctor Proctor's Fart Powder (PG) (Arild Fröhlich, 2014, Nor) Eilif Hellum
Noraker, Emily Glaister, Marian Saastad Ottesen. 85 mins

No prizes for guessing the nature of this lively, wind-powered Norwegian kids'
adventure, adapted from a novel by Jo "Headhunters" Nesbø (by way of Viz). It's
juvenile in a good way.

Man With A Movie Camera (U) (Dziga Vertov, 1929, USSR) 68 mins

A restoration and a new soundtrack for the radical, city-roaming Soviet
documentary recently voted by film magazine Sight & Sound the greatest of all
time. It's both a milestone and a time capsule.

Out from Friday

                     Fantastic Four Miles Teller and Kate Mara lead the latest
attempt to ignite Marvel's other superhero team. Out from Thu

The Diary Of A Teenage Girl Coming-of-age story following a sexually liberated
1970s teen.

The Gift A long-lost schoolmate turns out to be bad news in Joel Edgerton's
debut thriller.

Manglehorn Al Pacino plays a lovelorn locksmith in David Gordon Green's offbeat
character study.

Marshland Award-winning Spanish murder-mystery set in 1980s Andalucía.

Hard To Be A God Russian "sci-fi" epic set in a medieval parallel world.

52 Tuesdays Striking Australian drama focused on a transgender mother and her
daughter.

Max A war-veteran dog and a grieving boy join forces for an all-American
feelgood.

Death Of A Gentleman Investigative documentary exposing Fifa-like shadiness in
international cricket.

War Book A nuclear strike simulation yields big questions and high drama.

Coming soon

                     In two weeks... Amy Schumer gets caught in a Trainwreck ...
Video games fight back in Pixels ...

In three weeks... Gemma Arterton as Posy Simmonds's Gemma Bovery ...
Unbelievable family documentary The Wolfpack ...

In a month... NWA's rap legend dramatised in Straight Outta Compton ... Jesse
Eisenberg turns stoner agent in American Ultra ...

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Drawn Together

BYLINE: By KATIE ROIPHE.

Katie Roiphe, a professor at the Arthur L. Carter Journalism Institute at New
York University, is the author of ''Uncommon Arrangements: Seven Marriages.''

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1134 words


ARE YOU MY MOTHER?

A Comic Drama

Written and illustrated by Alison Bechdel

286 pp. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. $22.

If one is at first glance tempted to dismiss Alison Bechdel's ''Are You My
Mother?'' as a glorified comic strip, one would be wildly and woefully
misguided: it is as complicated, brainy, inventive and satisfying as the finest
prose memoirs.

Bechdel's previous book, ''Fun Home,'' told the story of her father's secret
homosexuality, thwarted artistic expression and ultimate suicide, and of her own
coming out in college. ''Are You My Mother?'' delves into her troubled
relationship with her distant, unhappy mother, and into her own difficulties
connecting with a series of long-term girlfriends. As she confides her tale, she
also addresses her mother's bluntly conflicted reaction to her art, and folds
their struggle into the writing of the memoir itself. ''I would love to see your
name on a book,'' her mother says. ''But not on a book of lesbian cartoons.''

Bechdel weaves emotional honesty with highbrow deliberation in a way that is
never burdensome, and mostly light. ''Fun Home'' is subtitled ''A Family
Tragicomic,'' and in both books the tragedy and the comedy are so consummately
entwined, so gloriously balanced, the reader can't help being fascinated. ''Are
You My Mother?'' manages to incorporate complicated and sometimes arcane
references -- to psychoanalysis and the theories of the pediatrician and
psychiatrist Donald Winnicott, to the work of Virginia Woolf and Adrienne Rich
-- into a story that is gripping and funny and radiantly clear.

In a sense, Bechdel's innovative form lends itself to the subject: the graphic
memoir can reproduce the layering of thought and mimic strands of simultaneous
life -- the bursts of insight and memory that coexist with a humdrum moment like
reading in bed with your lover, or arguing in the kitchen with your mother -- in
ways that pure prose cannot. Things happen at the same time. Associations are
made. The past is superimposed on the present. Thought bubbles and squares
complicate and illuminate unobtrusively. There's electricity to the form, to the
interaction between pictures and words, between feeling and event, that gives
Bechdel's cerebral introspection an immediacy and drama it wouldn't otherwise
have.

At one point Bechdel has a new lover who is endlessly running off to a political
protest or demonstration, or vanishing to rural Massachusetts. Bechdel draws the
two of them naked in bed, with a square around the words: ''I liked the built-in
distance of this arrangement.'' There's a fruitful precision to this
composition, a productive clash of image and words that tells the whole story of
a time or phase in a single frame.

Throughout, there are magnificent feats of connectivity, startlingly complex
internal monologues that unfold with perfect simplicity. On a two-page spread,
Bechdel parses a Dr. Seuss drawing, overlaying letters from her father to her
mother; a quote from Seuss's ''Sleep Book'' about a ''plexiglass dome''; a
remark about retreating to her ''office,'' a barricaded closet or corner, in her
youth; a quote from Winnicott; and an evocative analysis of her childhood
relation to family life. In other hands this might collapse into something
maddeningly clunky or overelaborate, but Bechdel's structure sustains it.

There's a lucidity to Bechdel's work that in certain ways (economy, concision,
metaphor) bears more resemblance to poetry than to the dense, wordy
introspection of most prose memoirs. The book delivers lightning bolts of
revelation, maps of insight and visual snapshots of family entangle/ments in a
singularly beautiful style.

Bechdel also captures the rhythms of family communication. She recounts a phone
call with her mother: ''Hey! I got papers in Philadelphia and Chicago to carry
my comic strip,'' Bechdel says. ''For money.'' Her mother answers: ''Hmnh. I
have to get the plumber to come back, that pipe is still leaking.'' Bechdel:
''Plus I met with that publisher. I signed a contract to do a book of
cartoons.'' Her mother: ''You mean your lesbian cartoons? . . . But . . . what
if someone sees your name?''

''Are You My Mother?'' is among many other things a nuanced, sophisticated
investigation of the impulse to write or create, the desire, shame, guilt,
excitement and shadiness of the process. Bechdel, unremitting in her exploration
of her motives, pins down and examines the moral ambiguity of the venture, the
detachment and ruthlessness and terror inherent in exposing those close to you,
along with the mysterious compulsion to do so.

The book opens with a scene of Bechdel driving and thinking about how to explain
to her mother her decision to write a memoir about her father. She rehearses the
conversation: ''I have something to tell you.'' ''I want to give him a proper
funeral. I want to tell the truth.'' ''I don't want to hurt you but I have to do
this.'' ''I hope that in time you'll come to understand.'' Then she thinks:
''Oh, that's good. Sanctimonious and patronizing.'' And as she considers how
impossible it is to live and write at the same time, a giant truck -- one just
like the truck ''my father likely jumped in front of'' -- swerves dangerously
into her lane.

This is, as Bechdel's mother says, a ''metabook.'' But unlike most metabooks it
isn't tiring or draining; it's exhilarating.

On a purely human and unliterary level, one has to admire Bechdel's largeness of
spirit. She is sharply, intelligently, brutally critical of her mother's
failings -- her remoteness, her chilliness, her uninterrogated favoring of
Bechdel's brothers -- and supremely generous, compassionate and unbitter. She
quotes Virginia Woolf saying that as soon as she wrote ''To the Lighthouse,''
''I ceased to be obsessed by my mother. I no longer hear her voice; I do not see
her. . . . I expressed some very long felt and deeply felt emotion. And in
expressing it I explained it and then laid it to rest.'' Surely something
similar is at work here.

Bechdel ends on a graceful note that is difficult to reproduce without the
pictures: Her mother, she explains, taught her to be an artist. Over an
illustration of mother and daughter playing a strange game called ''the crippled
child,'' she writes: ''There was a certain thing I did not get from my mother.
There is a lack, a gap, a void. But in its place, she has given me something
else. Something, I would argue, that is far more valuable. She has given me the
way out.''

I haven't encountered a book about being an artist, or about the punishing
entanglements of mothers and daughters, as engaging, profound or original as
this one in a long time. In fact the book made such a deep impression on me that
after reading it, I walked around for days seeing little bits and snatches of my
life as Alison Bechdel drawings.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING FROM ''ARE YOU MY MOTHER?'')

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              171 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 25, 2004 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

TEENS ARE PUTTING THEIR CARDS ON THE TABLE ...FOR A GAME OF POKER

BYLINE: JOE HOLLEMAN/ Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1196 words


On any given Sunday, you can find Terry "Weezer" Weir singing in the choir at
Grace Episcopal Church in Kirkwood.

But on other days, Weir and some of his choirboy buddies will try to take your
money playing poker.

"Sometimes we play three or four times a week," said Weir, a freshman at St.
Louis Community College at Meramec. "We have five or six, or sometimes even
seven or eight, guys and we hold little tournaments in my basement."

For several hundred years, cardplaying had been passed down from generation to
generation. But in this video age, kids seemed more inclined to sit side by side
with controllers in hand than to square off over a heated hand of Old Maid,
spades or rummy.

The Travel Channel's "World Poker Tour" changed all that.

Now in its second season, the "WPT" is the highest-rated show in the channel's
history. Its success has created numerous spinoffs; cable TV viewers can now
watch poker, it seems, every night of the week.

With that vast wasteland filled with poker, the game has become all the rage
with St. Louis-area teenage boys.

One high school junior in St. Louis, an occasional player, estimated that at
least 100 of the 500 upperclassmen at his school have played Texas Hold 'em at
one time or another, and about 50 play on a regular basis.

"There's a lot of young people playing this game," Weir said.

"More young people are playing"

Weir, who also works part time at a clothing store, said he rarely played cards
when he was younger. "I was mostly into video games and computers," he said,
adding that the only time he can remember paying solitaire was with the version
Microsoft puts in computer software bundles.

But Weir and several high school students said that all began to change late
last summer. "After my friends and I started watching poker on TV, we thought it
would be fun to do it ourselves. So we came up with our own poker group," he
said.

Weir said his job prevents him from playing as much as some of his old Kirkwood
High buddies. "I have friends at Mizzou and (the University of) Kansas - you
know, people who live at college. They play all the time," he said.

Area high school students confirm Weir's take on the trend. While agreeing to
speak about their poker playing, their parents did not want these students - or
their high schools - identified. Several are playing on the sly at school, where
gambling is not allowed.

A sophomore from the Metro East area said he and about four friends began
playing in late summer. "Some of us had seen poker on TV, and we got a game
together," the sophomore said. "We even have some guys who play who had never
played any kind of poker ever before."

The sophomore said the popularity of the game still is growing. "It seems like
more people are playing all the time," he said.

Weir, who plays on the felt top of his billiard table with a set of casino-style
clay chips, said he and his friends had a big tournament over the Thanksgiving
weekend. "We even recorded it on DVD, like we were on TV," Weir said with a
laugh.

The overwhelming number of players are male, though some female players give it
a try, including Weezer's sister, Jenny.

"Sure, we invite girls over all the time," Weezer said. "But they don't seem to
enjoy it as much."

Washington University psychology professor Leonard Green can attest to poker's
popularity. Green just finished a study about the gambling habits of college
students.

"I was coming into my office one day, and there must have been 20 kids playing
poker in a room," Green said.

Risky business

So why - after years of staring zombielike at television screens while blasting
aliens, playing hockey and navigating through Fantasyland - have young men moved
on to playing poker?

Green explained that interactions between young men have certain c
haracteristics. "Males have more interpersonal aggression, even in a friendly
way, and those components are built into" poker, Green said.

And as males mature, they look for grown-up ways to pass the time.

"From 16 to 25, males experience tremendous increases in risk-taking," Green
said. "Poker fits that in two ways. One, there is the danger of losing money,
however small or large the amount.

"Two, there is a bit of shadiness to a poker room, like the pool hall of years
past. That provides an element of danger. It is not a place for children, it's a
place for adults."

The Metro East area sophomore said he likes poker because it combines risk and
skill. "There are guys out there with more money to throw around, but if you're
better than them, you can beat them," he said.

Take all of these psychological factors, Green said, and mix in one more huge
catalyst: television. It makes it fashionable. "Young people are very sensitive
to what's in and what's not, and television to a great extent helps determine
that," Green said.

And it appears that televised poker will be around for a while. The World Poker
Tour's second season concluded last weekend at the Bellagio hotel in Las Vegas.
(The show, which airs every Wednesday at 8 p.m., will feature the finale on June
30.)

Its strong ratings last spring prompted ESPN to expand its coverage of the World
Series of Poker last summer. Both The Travel Channel and Bravo followed up with
shows featuring celebrities playing poker. And then a poker show from England,
"Late Night Poker," began airing on Fox Sports Net.

"Our audience is about 61 percent male and in the 25-54 age group," said James
Ashurst, communications director for the Travel Channel. "Teens are not our
target audience, but I'm not surprised they're watching us.

"Some of our best players are in their 20s, not much older than college kids,"
Ashurst added. "Plus, many poker players are quite vibrant (read: flashy, cocky)
characters. And finally, there's a lot of money to be won. I think all of that
appeals to young men."

Parents and poker

The fact that parents may be concerned about their kids gambling is not lost on
Steve Lipscomb, creator and president of World Poker Tour.

"We get some flak on it, that we're encouraging kids to gamble. And we're not
insensitive to that concern," Lipscomb said. "There are people with addictive
personalities. For some it may be taking drugs or alcohol or gambling or
whatever."

On a brighter side, Green's recent study shows that college students who gamble
are not necessarily more impulsive than nongamblers. The study showed that
gamblers were willing to take risks on a task if that risk meant they would make
more money.

But the study also showed that gamblers were not dangerously impulsive in terms
of patience.

"We offered the participants a small amount of money now or a full amount later.
While we expected that gamblers may have wanted to take the money right away,
they were no different from the nongamblers in their ability to delay payoff,"
Green said.

Terry Weir, Weezer's father, said he doesn't mind his son and his friends
playing poker in his basement. "We have our rules, no drinking or smoking, and
everybody has to behave," the elder Weir said. "And there's a lot of things that
college-age kids could be doing that's a lot worse than playing cards."

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Joe Holleman/ E-mail: jholleman@post-dispatch.com/ Phone:
314-340-8254

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC(3) Graphic Chart by John D. Telford/ Text by Joe
Holleman/Post-Dispatch:/ Know how to "hold 'em" - "Texas Hold 'em," or just
"hold 'em," is the standard poker tournament game, and the one featured in both
the World Series of Poker and the World Poker Tour. In a way, "hold 'em" is a
variation of seven-card stud. Each player who stays in until the end will have
two cards face down in his hand and then five "community" cards shared by all
the players. The only difference between your ahnd and the hand of an opponent
are the two cards you hold./ / (1) THE DEAL - Each player is dealt two cards
face down ("hole" cards). Then there is a betting interval./ (2) THE "FLOP" -
Three community cards are then turned face up in the middle of the table. This
is called the "flop." Players bet on the combinations their hole cards make with
the community cards./ (3) THE "TURN" - A fourth community card is turned face up
in the middle. This is the "turn" card. There is another betting interval./ (4)
THE "RIVER" OR "FIFTH STREET" - A fifth and final community card is turned face
up in the middle. This is the "river" card. Then there is a final round of
betting. The best five-card combination wins./ / POKER HAND NICKNAMES - Pocket
Rockets, Big Slick, Big Chick, King Kong, Royal Couple, Kojack, Woolworth,
Baskin-Robins, Pocket Swans ; (1) Color Photo by DAVID CARSON / POST-DISPATCH -
Jenny Weir celebrates her winning hand after beating her brother, Terry "Weezer"
Weir (left), in a game of Texas Hold 'em in the basement of their Kirkwood home.
Their friend, Tommy Burba (right) had folded his hand earlier in the game./ (2)
Color Photo - cards and poker chips

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              172 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 26, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Lobbyists, Clients Undeterred by Scandal;
Alumni of Abramoff's 'Team' Still Collecting Fees, Trying to Influence
Government

BYLINE: James V. Grimaldi, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A05

LENGTH: 1523 words


Lobbyist Kevin A. Ring sat silently as Senate Indian Affairs Committee Chairman
John McCain (R-Ariz.) displayed e-mails and canceled checks to support
allegations that Ring and lobbyist Jack Abramoff inflated fees and concocted
invoices to defraud their client, the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians.

Testifying before the committee Wednesday morning, Ring asserted his Fifth
Amendment right against self-incrimination, but he also offered an apology. "I'm
sorry the clients for whom I worked have had to endure the enormous emotional
and financial burden," he said.

The terse statement omitted an intriguing fact: Ring is still working for the
Choctaws as their paid Washington lobbyist. Indeed, he was actively lobbying
members of Congress to pass a Choctaw-backed amendment that came up for a vote
in the House on Friday afternoon.

Ring is one of more than a dozen lobbyists who were members of "Team Abramoff,"
the tight-knit group who worked under Abramoff when he was at the lobbying helm
of the Washington office of Greenberg Traurig LLP and, before that, Preston
Gates Ellis & Rouvelas Meeds LLP.

Members of that influence dream-team continue to collect hundreds of thousands
of dollars as registered lobbyists, often lobbying for  former Abramoff clients
--  unimpeded by the taint of scandal and revelations of suspicious deal-making
in the brash and sometimes salty e-mails exchanged with Abramoff.

Along with Neil G. Volz and Edward P. Ayoob, Ring left Greenberg Traurig and
went to work for Barnes & Thornburg LLP. Shawn Vasell, who like Ring asserted
Fifth Amendment rights Wednesday, now works in the Washington office of
Hewlett-Packard. Other former Team Abramoff members include Todd A. Boulanger,
who handles  as many as eight client accounts at Cassidy & Associates Inc.,
including Abramoff's former client, the Chitimacha Tribe of Louisiana; and Tony
C. Rudy, who represents as many as a dozen clients at the Alexander Strategy
Group.

Ring is one of the few Abramoff alumni who have been able to hold onto the same
tribal clients who now say they were victimized by Abramoff's fraudulent billing
practices. A federal task force is investigating those practices. Abramoff's
spokesman, Andrew Blum, said his client could not comment while under
investigation.

"It is a story of betrayal," testified Choctaw executive Nell Rogers, who sat at
the same witness table as Ring.

Choctaw officials and their lawyer did not return several phone calls Thursday
and Friday seeking comment for this article.

Deemed too radioactive to represent clients without causing embarrassment,
Abramoff, along with his onetime business partner, Michael Scanlon, have largely
been forced to give up their lobbying and public affairs practices. But most of
their former associates still pound the halls of Congress for well-heeled
clients.

The Indian affairs committee, during the third hearing into lobbying practices,
released a fresh batch of e-mail among Abramoff and his team members. Documents
show the laundering of money through nonprofit groups, a phony Christian
grass-roots effort and attempts to pump up and doctor invoices sent to tribes.

Rudy, a former top aide to House Majority Leader Tom DeLay (R-Tex.), wrote
Abramoff in 2001 that Senate staffers wanted $10,000 to pay for a trip to
"reward" them for getting a specific appropriation for the Choctaws.

"There is a hunting and fishing resort 3 hours south of texas that smith's
people expressed an interest in," Rudy wrote on Sept. 21, 2001. It is unclear
who "smith's people" are. Abramoff said he did not think he could justify the
trip, and Rudy said it would be a "thank you trip for the approps we got." Said
Abramoff, "Smith's people didn't get us the approps for Choctaw, but good try!
:)"

The issue was not resolved in the e-mail chain because Abramoff said they would
"discuss next week."

Rudy could not be reached, but in the past has declined to comment while the
matter is under investigation.

E-mail shows some Team Abramoff members were alarmed at some of the practices.
In an e-mail to Rudy, Boulanger raised suspicions about a request to clients to
contribute $25,000 to the Capital Athletic Foundation, a charity created by
Abramoff and used to pay for a trip of a member of Congress and for a sniper
school in the Israeli-controlled West Bank.

"What is it? I've never heard of it," Boulanger wrote June 20, 2002.

"It is something our friends are raising money for," Rudy replied.

"I'm sensing shadiness," Boulanger said. "I'll stop asking."

When Rudy forwarded Boulanger's suspicions, Abramoff responded with an
expletive. "I did not want you to bring Todd into this!!!"

Boulanger declined to comment Friday.

Vasell also expressed dismay. In June 2001, he e-mailed Abramoff about preparing
a bill for the Choctaws. "The bill is a disaster (again)," Vasell wrote, ". . .
people's entries compared to time inputted and work performed is a joke."

Abramoff asked about the bill's total, and Vasell replied $120,000. Abramoff
asked Vasell to "tell me how much you need me to cover to get the bill up to
around $150."k

Vasell replied, "This is a very bad system that I am very uncomfortable with."

On another occasion, an Abramoff aide, whose name was redacted in the released
e-mail, wrote to Abramoff about making up justifications for time billed to
Choctaws. "I'm creatively entering your July and August time in now (with the
help of some great language that Shawn [Vasell] and Kevin [Ring] have
provided)."

The committee also released documents showing cash flowing in and out of a
limited liability corporation called KAR LLC that was based at Ring's Maryland
home. The corporation received a check for $25,000 on Dec. 15, 2003, from
Grassroots Interactive LLC, a company apparently controlled by Abramoff.

In mid-February 2004, a few weeks before the Abramoff-tribal money scandal
broke, Abramoff and Ring agreed to a wide-ranging interview with The Washington
Post. Shortly afterward, Ring returned the $25,000 to Grassroots Interactive.

Ring's corporation also received $125,000 in the spring of 2002 from Scanlon's
public affairs firm, Capital Campaign Strategies. The notation on one check
cited a "referral expense." McCain said Wednesday the money appeared to have
come from the Pueblo of Sandia Tribe of New Mexico.

"What services benefiting the Pueblo Sandia did you provide for that $125,000?"
McCain asked Ring, before answering his own question. "In fact, you didn't
provide any services, according to the information that we have."

McCain also questioned Ring about an e-mail he sent Abramoff asking for "some
help from a client to subsidize me joining a club." Ring said he needed $800 for
the initiation fee at the exclusive University Club in Northwest Washington.

After Abramoff offered to pay the tab, Ring said, "Really? There is no way to
bury this in Choctaw or SGMA [another client] bill?"

McCain asked Ring for an explanation. "I respectfully invoke my constitutional
right under the Fifth Amendment," Ring said.

Another intriguing, but cryptic, e-mail exchange between Abramoff and Ring seems
to be about billing. The subject line reads "Choctaw" and the e-mail refers to
GT, or Greenberg Traurig.

Ring: "How much does GT bread cost Choctaw? $1.50 per loaf plus or minus a few
cents. this loaf cost $1.19 and I was wondering if I should increase price or
leave as is. Know what I mean?"

Abramoff: "The loaf should cost no less than $1.50."

When Ring left Greenberg Traurig for Barnes & Thornburg a few months ago, he
brought many former Abramoff clients, including the International Interactive
Alliance, the Gibraltar-based group that advocates for gambling on the Internet.

Money from the International Interactive Alliance was the subject of another
unusual flow of cash. In 2003, the alliance gave $1.5 million to Greenberg
Traurig, which then gave it to a nonprofit group, which then gave it to Kaygold
LLC, a company controlled by Abramoff, congressional records and testimony show.

For the Choctaws, Ring has tried to win support for an amendment by Rep. J.D.
Hayworth (R-Ariz.) that would exempt tribal casinos from labor laws on the
grounds that the tribes are sovereign governments.

Hayworth has a long relationship with Team Abramoff. He used sports skyboxes
that Abramoff charged to clients from 1999 to 2001 but failed to report the use
to the Federal Election Commission until late last year, after publicity about
the federal investigation of Abramoff. Hayworth's amended reports show his
campaign fund reimbursed two Abramoff clients  --  the Choctaw and Chitimacha
--  $12,880 for using the sports suites five times.

According to records obtained by The Post, Ring last month coordinated with
Hayworth's office on a letter to members of Congress from Choctaw Chief Phillip
Martin seeking support for the tribal labor amendment.

The amendment to the Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services
appropriations bill was defeated Friday, 256 to 146.

Research editor Lucy Shackelford, researcher Alice Crites and database editor
Derek Willis contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              173 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 26, 2000, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Thomas keeps chugging along

BYLINE: STEVE PERSALL

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; MOVIE REVIEW; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 725 words



The train, so popular with the younger crowd, stays true to its small-screen
beginnings in its theater debut. It's low on technology, but high on principles.

Maybe it's too easy for children to be enchanted by movies these days. Thomas
and the Magic Railroad recalls a time when computer animation didn't provide all
the necessary imagination for young minds.

The boldness of this film is its drastic simplicity, the way talking trains
never move their mouths and actors playing miniature characters don't quite line
up with life-size objects blue-screened around them.

Disappointment is the first impression, after being spoiled by technology that
makes dinosaurs and toys seem human or better. Thomas and the Magic Railroad
looks cheap, but so does that elementary school play that you wind up enjoying
in spite of yourself. Purity and earnestness still count for something.

Of course, this comes from an adult perspective. The core audience for Thomas,
the steadfast choo-choo, and his mates is slightly younger than for Pokemon.

Watch this movie through the eyes of toddlers, for whom this is possibly the
first theater experience they can call their own. The messages are what parents
should want children to hear, the three R's born at home: "Be responsible,
reliable and really useful."

Thomas lives by that motto, chugging through the storybook countryside of the
island of Sodor. His mild adventures have inspired a slew of books, videos and
the PBS series, Shining Time Station. Thomas' rival, if such a gentle soul can
have one, is an impatient bully-engine named Diesel.

These locomotive personalities are conveyed like pages of a storybook rather
than a motion picture. The trains seem to communicate telepathically, rolling
their round eyes for emphasis but never moving their lips or cheeks until the
next abrupt edit. Very low-tech, but also vaguely nostalgic, keeping in line
with the plot's innocence.

The village of Shining Time is facing a joy crisis. The only cure is the
reappearance of a legendary train named Lady, built by young Burnett Stone and
hidden inside Muffle Mountain. Now, Burnett is a glum grandpa (Peter Fonda)
hosting his plucky granddaughter, Lily (Mara Wilson). Diesel knows where Lady
lives, and he doesn't want competition.

Meanwhile, tiny Mr. Conductor (Alec Baldwin) bemoans a shortage of mystical gold
dust that would help him solve the mystery of Lady and save Shining Time. He
contacts his goofy nephew, Junior (Michael Rodgers), to have more dust
delivered.

This isn't a taxing assignment for human actors. Yet, everyone gives line
readings the extra oomph of a bedtime reading session for children they love.
Baldwin appears happier than anyone else to be here, his blue eyes sparkling
more than usual. There is nothing condescending about his performance; Baldwin
locates the kid inside himself, having fun rather than simply doing something
admirable.

Fonda is a bit more problematic, mostly due to his depressed role. He also
doesn't seem as comfortable as the other actors speaking to inanimate objects.
Fonda's laconic ways aren't well-suited for such a lark.

All of this tame tension is played with reassuring optimism and reminders of why
eating vegetables and being polite are important. Nothing fancy, but always
fanciful. It's easy to imagine parents invoking Thomas' name to steer a child's
good behavior, or warning them not to act like Diesel when they're cranky.

The plot is stretched at least 20 minutes beyond what it deserves, the only
concession writer-director Britt Allcroft makes to modern moviemaking.
Everything else about this movie is immediately antique except its warmth.
Something about its imperfections becomes endearing, even those clunky
cut-and-paste expressions on the trains' faces.

Last week's schedule of critics' screenings began with the frantic commercialism
of Pokemon the Movie 2000 and ended with the PG-13 shadiness of Loser. Then
along came Thomas and the Magic Railroad like a sweet sorbet cleansing a soured
palate. Not a timeless film, but one arriving at the right time, on the right
track.

MOVIE REVIEW

Thomas and the Magic Railroad

Grade: B

Director: Britt Allcroft

Cast: Alec Baldwin, Peter Fonda, Mara Wilson, Didi Conn, Russell Means, Michael
Rodgers

Screenplay: Britt Allcroft

Rating: G

Running time: 85 min.


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Thomas the Train

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              174 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 19, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Blinded by dollars, colleges lose sense

BYLINE: Mark Bradley; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 943 words


If you look beyond the salacious details --- strippers and prostitutes and a
booster-funded abortion and a Ponzi scheme to boot --- you'll find that the crux
of this Miami case is positively old-school. Since biblical times, the zest for
money has been identified as the root of all evil. Why else would a proud
university turn its head as it allowed a rogue like Nevin Shapiro to stand on
its sideline, wear its colors and pay for its athletes to engage in sexual
congress?

Forget everything else in the celebrated Yahoo Sports report by Charles
Robinson. (Actually, don't forget it. If you haven't read it, please do.) Just
scroll down a bit. See the second picture from the top? That's Shapiro in the
middle, wearing a Miami polo shirt. That's Frank Haith, who was once the
Hurricanes' basketball coach, on the left. And that person standing on the
right, gazing down at a small piece of paper in her hands?

That's Donna Shalala, Miami's president. She served as Secretary of Health and
Human Services in Bill Clinton's cabinet. She has the reputation of being
high-minded. But what's she examining in the photo?

A check. From Shapiro, who now sits in a federal jail. To her university's
basketball program. For $50,000.

Try as it might, the NCAA will never legislate around the great disconnect of
the major collegiate sports: That these games, supposedly played by amateurs,
are in truth major businesses. College football and basketball are not nonprofit
endeavors. College football and basketball run on money. That money has to come
from somewhere.

NCAA president Mark Emmert issued a statement Wednesday: "If the assertions are
true, the alleged conduct at the University of Miami is an illustration of the
need for serious and fundamental change in many critical aspects of college
sports."

Sounds good. But what "fundamental change" does he have in mind? Cloistering all
players and recruits? Doing away with unprofitable sports --- try squaring that
with Title IX --- so there's no need to cultivate and coddle a moneyed sleaze?
Stop keeping score in games so TV will cease paying to broadcast them and fans
will no longer buy tickets?

Paul Dee, the former Miami athletic director who was once --- oh, the irony! ---
chairman of the NCAA's committee on infractions, has said of Shapiro: "We didn't
have any indication he was doing anything like this. He didn't do anything to
cause concern."

A delicious note from Robinson's report:

During the final game in the Orange Bowl in 2007, with the Hurricanes being
embarrassed 31-0 at the half against Virginia, Shapiro, intoxicated, said he
confronted Miami's head of compliance, David Reed. According to a witness to the
event, an incensed Shapiro was stalking through the Orange Bowl press box at
halftime when he spotted Reed.

In a rage, Shapiro began cursing at the compliance director, calling him a
"sissy" and other derogatory names, while attempting to draw him into a fight.
In Shapiro's mind, Reed was part of the problem in a slumping Miami program,
largely for what Shapiro thought was too much oversight on relationships between
players and boosters.

You'd think a booster challenging a compliance director to a fight in a press
box would be an "indication" that the booster might not hold the university's
best interests at heart. Sure enough, Robertson reports, a Miami assistant AD
called Shapiro soon afterward to say the school had run a background check and
had found he was part-owner of a sports agency. Immediate disassociation, right?

Nah. According to Robinson's report, the assistant AD "assured the booster he
wasn't going to come under any additional scrutiny."

Dee was heading the athletic department then. He was succeeded by Kirby Hocutt,
who's now AD at Texas Tech. An anonymous source told The Associated Press: "His
No. 1 job was to raise money, and this Nevin Shapiro guy was one of the few
people Kirby could get to write checks."

You'll never guess what Hocutt, speaking of Shapiro, told the Lubbock
Avalanche-Journal. (Actually, you will.) "Did we have knowledge of it? No.
Heavens no."

Nobody at Miami knew anything, except that Shapiro's checks keep clearing. The
man gave $150,000 to the "U" and had a players lounge named after him. Yes, he's
a convicted felon --- he's incarcerated in Atlanta --- and can't be considered
the most trustworthy of sources. But why would a school allow a figure of such
surpassing shadiness to hobnob with its players in the first place?

Because he had money. The details of the Miami storm might be different, but
these don't-ask-don't-tell shenanigans have been ongoing since before Shapiro
was born. The greatest run in big-time collegiate sports had its own enabler.
Sam Gilbert was a contractor who, oddly enough, was indicted on racketeering
charges four days after he died in 1987. He was known as "Papa Sam" to the UCLA
Bruins who took 10 NCAA titles in 12 seasons. (I once spoke to Gilbert, and even
on a speakerphone from the West Coast he was Machiavellian in his chortling.)

In 1981, the Los Angeles Times ran an investigative series regarding the dark
side of the dynasty, and these were the conclusions by writers Mike Littwin and
Alan Greenberg:

[UCLA coach John] Wooden knew about Gilbert. He knew the players were close to
Gilbert. He knew they looked to Gilbert for advice. Maybe he knew more. He
should have known much more. If he didn't, it was only because he apparently
chose not to look.

Even as we recoil at the revelations from Miami, we should know that it has been
ever thus. To borrow from a song from "Cabaret," money makes the world go
around. For both better and worse, college athletics are part of our imperfect
world.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              175 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Revitalization For Washington's U Street Corridor

BYLINE: By GAY JERVEY

SECTION: Section 11; Column 1; Real Estate Desk; NATIONAL PERSPECTIVES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1085 words


FOR much of the first half of the 20th century, the U Street area of Washington
thrived as the heart of the city's African-American community, pulsing with
culture, entertainment and soul. Duke Ellington was born there, and over the
years, musical legends like Count Basie, Ella Fitzgerald, Cab Calloway, Pearl
Bailey and Dizzy Gillespie performed at local clubs and at the legendary Howard
Theater.

''In segregated Washington, D.C., U Street was the place to be,'' said Merrick
Malone, a local real estate developer. ''It was like D.C.'s Harlem and the
Apollo Theater, the epicenter of African-American life here.''

All of that was shattered in the 1968 riots after the assassination of the Rev.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Much of U Street burned. ''After that, the
neighborhood disintegrated -- drugs, prostitution, the whole nine yards,'' Mr.
Malone said.

''The riots went up and down the spine of 14th Street, and then east and west
along U Street,'' said Malcolm N. Carter, an agent with Long & Foster Real
Estate in Washington. ''Many businesses were burnt out, and the street went into
disrepute and disrepair, which was a shame because it had such strong roots in
the African-American community.''

During the 1980's, the ''U Street Corridor,'' as it is commonly referred to, was
further paralyzed by construction delays with the Metrorail line, said Scott
Pomeroy, the executive director of the 14th and U Main Street Alliance. ''That
really killed most of the businesses that had survived the disturbances of the
1960's and the drug wars of the 1970's.''

Kamal Ben Ali, whose family owns Ben's Chili Bowl, one of the few establishments
on U Street to survive the riots of 1968 and the area's subsequent
deterioration, said it became a ghost town. ''They just tore the whole place
up,'' he said, ''and business came almost to a standstill.''

But the U Street Corridor has since had a rebirth. ''In the last six years, real
estate values have nearly quadrupled,'' Mr. Pomeroy said. ''Well over 10,000 new
residents have moved into the area.''

Indeed, the Washington real estate market in general is booming, fueled by,
among other things, the many jobs created by the Department of Homeland
Security. ''There is a revitalization going on in D.C,'' said Bo Menkiti,
president of the Menkiti Group at Coldwell Banker. ''And the U Street area is
probably one of the trendiest, hottest spots, as people are priced out of places
like Adams Morgan and Dupont Circle.''

Maybe so, but it was not always clear that early investors in its rebirth would
ever get their money back.

''People told us all of the time that we were crazy to be investing in the U
Street Corridor,'' said Ali Honarkar, whose company, Division One Architects,
bought a parking lot and a deserted crack house in 2000 to develop five
modern-style 2,200-square-foot row houses.

The naysayers have been proved wrong. In March 2002, Division One sold the first
house for $400,000, and in December 2003 it sold the last unit for $850,000. In
November 2004, the first buyer sold his home for $950,000, said Mr. Honarkar,
who has lived with his family in one of the units since June 2002.

''But it definitely took a leap of faith,'' he said. ''When we first moved in,
there were cars on cinderblocks on our street, abandoned cars being used for
parts, and prostitutes all over the place. And now the street is full of luxury
cars and people tending to their gardens. People call it the new uptown --
suddenly like the SoHo of D.C. And you can't believe this has happened in three
years.''

Chris Donatelli, the president and chief executive of Donatelli & Klein, one of
the earlier residential developers of the U Street neighborhood, bought the
two-acre abandoned site of the former Children's Hospital in 1998 for $1.6
million to make way for Harrison Square, a community of 98 town houses.
Donatelli & Klein broke ground in February 2000 and immediately began selling
units.

One of those who moved to Harrison Square was Heather Harrison, 36, a software
developer who with her husband, Harry, 40, bought a 1,500-square-foot town house
for $340,000 in 2000. ''We were living on Dupont Circle at the time and wanted
to buy a larger place, but could not afford to stay there,'' she said. ''My
husband said we should look at these new town homes that were being developed in
this U street area, and I said, 'No way am I living over there.'''

Ultimately, Mr. Harrison, a visual designer for stores, prevailed. After their
move, there were times when Mr. Harrison had his doubts. ''There was still a lot
of shadiness,'' he said. ''The girls were still walking the streets. I could
stand at my kitchen window and watch the drug deals going on. Then gradually,
the crack houses were being sold and razed. People were buying run-down
properties and rehabbing them. So it started to change, seemingly one block at a
time.''

In March 2004, the Harrisons, who by then had a 2-year-old daughter, Sabena,
sold their Harrison Square property for $589,000 and moved to a
3,000-square-foot house with lots of outdoor space one block away, for which
they paid $920,000. ''Our town house was on the market for one day,'' Mr.
Harrison said. ''We were going to have an open house, and we had a knock on the
door from a couple who also lived in Harrison Square but were renting, and they
wanted to buy. And the next day we had an offer from them. It was very fast. The
market is very hot.''

Part of the neighborhood's appeal is its sheer convenience. ''We are right in
the heart of the city,'' said Louis Nayman, a union organizer who moved with his
wife, Carmel, to Harrison Square in August 2001, after raising a family for more
than 20 years in suburban Maryland.

''It is a 15-minute walk to Dupont Circle and Adams Morgan,'' he said. ''I can
ride my bike to work. You don't have to commute, and believe me commuting was
tough.''

The neighborhood appeals to an eclectic mix of people.

''We wanted to be in a diverse urban setting where we could walk to work, to
restaurants and cafes and be close to the Metro,'' said Jennifer Kates, 38, a
vice president and director of HIV policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation, who
moved to Harrison Square from San Francisco with her partner, Sue Noseworthy,
36, in February 2002. ''That was very important to us.''

Carlos Garcia, a corporate software lawyer who also owns property in the area,
agreed. ''Gays, straights -- I think that that is what U Street is all about,''
he said. ''It is a mishmash of people.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: U STREET HOMES -- Ali Honarkar and Debi Fox, right, with their
children in their 10th Street home. Louis and Carmel Nayman, below right, moved
to Harrison Square almost four years ago after raising a family in suburban
Maryland. There are 98 town houses in Harrison Square. (Photographs by Carol T.
Powers for The New York Times)Map of Washington, D.C. highlighting U Street and
surrounding areas.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              176 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 6, 2001, Tuesday

DAY IN THE SUN     GERALDINE FERRARO, SUMMER 1984     CHAPTER 461

BYLINE: BY JAY MAEDER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 65

LENGTH: 991 words

REP. GERALDINE FERRARO'S selection by Walter Mondale as his Democratic running
mate in the 1984 presidential election was said to have been orchestrated by New
York Gov. Mario Cuomo, who was Mondale's first choice but didn't want the job
and who now persuaded the candidate that running a woman on the national ticket
for the first time in American history would be exactly the goose that his
otherwise sluggish campaign badly wanted. And very exciting the moment was
indeed.

Politically sharp enough to sit as chairwoman of the Democratic Platform
Committee after just six years on Capitol Hill, and just-plain-folksy enough to
be known as Gerry by one and all in her largely blue-collar district, the
congresswoman from Queens seemed an appealing figure, instantly the heroine du
jour in all good liberal circles.

"A breakthrough for the women of America," boomed House speaker Tip O'Neill.
"Not only an historic choice but an outstanding choice," said Sen. Edward
Kennedy. "I'm elated," said New York Mayor Edward Koch. "Fundamentally a step in
the right direction," conceded even the Rev. Jesse Jackson, visibly sore that
Mondale hadn't chosen him instead. Jubilated Hunter College President Donna
Shalala: "It's a great day for little girls."

Here, meanwhile, were some political realities: While pollster Louis Harris
found an instant 5% bump for Mondale, other pollsters reported exactly the
opposite: Women made up more than half the American electorate, but by no means
were all of them, for example, pro-choice in the volatile abortion-rights arena,
as were Mondale and Ferraro, and angry banners waved (MURDERER!) wherever Gerry
Ferraro went in the land.

Moreover, noted the Daily News, "we'll never know whether Mondale's decision to
choose Ferraro was the act of a courageous man who truly had the vision to
embrace a new idea or the act of a desperate politician anxious to capitalize on
the gender gap."

The risk factor was significant, added The News: "If the ticket lost badly, it
might set the women's cause back the way Al Smith's defeat in 1928 set back
Catholics."

Looking on with enormous pride, meanwhile, was vice presidential candidate
Ferraro's husband, a Manhattan real estate broker named John Zaccaro, who stayed
as invisible as he could - an enlightened modern male, admirers agreed, secure
enough to be entirely pleased about his wife's day in the sun. "Nobody is going
to have to push me out of the way," said modest Zaccaro. "Because I'm not going
to be anyplace where you have to push me."

That's what he thought.

AMONG THE legacies of Richard Nixon's blatantly crooked Vice President Spiro
Agnew were new expectations that candidates for high office should disclose
every nickel-and-dime detail of their personal finances. One Idaho congressman
had been convicted by the House of ethical violations for failing to fully
reveal the business transactions of his spouse. And now John Zaccaro - trapped
in a world he'd never made - discovered that, as the mate of a vice presidential
candidate, he was a public figure as much as she was.

On Aug. 12, Geraldine Ferraro sheepishly informed the world that her husband,
contrary to assurances she'd made days earlier, was over his dead body going to
make public his income tax returns. "He feels his business interest would be
affected," she said. He had told her point-blank, she said: "I'm not going to
tell you how to run the country. Don't tell me how to run my business." She
attempted a small joke: "You people married to Italian men, you know what it's
like."

And some of those people who were married to Italian men and knew exactly what
it was like clucked sympathetically. In other quarters, the crack didn't play.
Cuomo, for one, Ferraro's own patron, a man on occasion known to harbor ethnic
sensitivities, was profoundly offended. "All of Queens County showed through,"
sighed The News' Jimmy Breslin. "Here was a person running for vice president of
the United States, and she was talking like she was on line at the Pathmark."

Ferraro made what apologies she could for her misstep. But the larger issue
remained. "Of course her husband will release his income tax returns," Breslin
wrote. "He'd best hurry. If he doesn't, the Republicans in Washington will do it
for him."

AND, UPON the inevitable release of those returns a few days later, which
documented that John Zaccaro and Geraldine Ferraro were together worth $3.78
million and that, contrary to Ferraro's repeated denials, she appeared to be a
principal in his firm, the government sought and collected $53,000 in taxes and
penalties on unreported 1978 income. "Ferraro is a lawyer," scowled The News.
"She can hardly pose as an innocent lamb who doesn't comprehend technicalities.
If she does take that line, then how can she claim to be qualified for vice
president?"

The line she did take was, at first, wounded contrition - "At no time did I
violate any trust," she pleaded - and then, predictably, ethnic persecution:
Just because my name ends in a vowel. ... But none of this washed, as meanwhile,
further inquiries into Zaccaro's business dealings daily turned up fresh
instances of shadiness. On Aug. 30, a Queens court stripped him of the
conservatorship of an elderly widow's estate from which he had briefly helped
himself to $175,000. Granted he had already paid it all back, with interest. But
still.

THE WEEKS marched on toward November, and it became increasingly clear that
Geraldine Ferraro, Gerry from Queens, was damaged goods. Perhaps she would bring
down the whole Democratic ticket. On the other hand, who would know? How could
you tell? Who was going to turn the immensely popular President Ronald Reagan
out of the White House anyway? Walter Mondale?

For now, the only sure bet was that John Zaccaro, real estate man, would be
spending a good many of the rest of his own days getting himself roasted by one
prosecutor after another.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: BIG TOWN CHRONICLES THE DAILY NEWS HISTORY OF MODERN NEW YORK

TYPE: SERIES

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              177 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 11, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

D.C. Needs Help, but Spare Us the Lectures

Colbert I. King

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 1044 words


From House Speaker Newt Gingrich and President Clinton comes news that the
District of Columbia will be up high on their radar screens this year. For a
city saddled with a sputtering government and a shrinking populace, the prospect
of a stronger partnership with the federal government is cause for hope.

But as much as federal favors are welcome, here's hoping they come without the
usual dose of national sanctimony. After their recent performances on the ethics
front, congressional Republicans and the Clinton administration may be the
least-qualified group of pols in America to piously rail against the District of
Columbia.

A stipulation: The District government is no stranger to ethical missteps and
misuses of power. This fledging self-rule government was made to order for
political delinquents. But with all their twisting of government morality, local
folks come off as rank amateurs when contrasted with the current leadership at
both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue.

House Republicans are especially in no position to adopt a holier-than-thou
attitude in their dealings with the city, given the way they went into the tank
for Newt Gingrich this week. They rammed through Gingrich's nomination as
speaker in the face of an ethics subcommittee report finding that he had
"engaged in conduct that did not reflect creditably on the House." The GOP's
message to the rest of us simple folk at the bottom of the Hill was
unmistakable: If it serves your interests and you have the votes, you're
entitled to do anything you want.

Imagine if that had been Mayor Marion Barry.

Suppose, for instance, Barry had created a scheme to get around tax laws and
campaign finance rules by converting charitable contributions to serve his
political purposes. Guess what would have happened if Barry, when called upon by
Congress to explain himself, had given a House committee materials that proved
to be inaccurate, incomplete and unreliable. Conceive in your mind Barry's fate
had he -- following months of hot denials -- publicly confessed to clear
misrepresentations, as Gingrich did? Think about it.

Do you believe House Republicans would have brushed aside Barry's admitted
wrongdo ings as insignificant infractions of arcane and technical provisions of
law? Would they have fallen over themselves defending him against calls to step
aside for the city's good? Forget it. Barry has neither much standing nor the
votes on the Hill, particularly among Republicans. Besides, he's from the
District, so anything goes.

Gingrich got cheers last fall when he denounced his one-time good buddy Barry as
"a great disappointment" who protected "political corruption and hacks" at the
expense of "the people and children of this city." Now it appears that Gingrich
used the Abraham Lincoln Opportunity Foundation, of all things, a tax-exempt
charity created to benefit poor urban kids, to scam the taxpayers. No matter,
Newt's one of the boys.

So the Republicans steamrolled their leader back into the speakership before the
ethics committee's outside counsel, James Cole, had a chance to state his case,
and before the full committee could recommend a form of punishment. There you
have it, kiddies. The real truth about Washington: In this brief and transitory
life, might makes right.

Democrats, especially White House occupants looking at this farce on the Hill,
ought to keep their smugness in check. When it comes to ethical abuses and the
out-and-out pimping of public office, the Clinton White House and the Democratic
National Committee make Congress and the Barry crowd look like gangs of klutzy
juvenile miscreants.

Now hold on: Marion Barry doesn't get a free ride in this space -- and none is
deserved. With a Barry government comes one crisis and one gut-wrenching
brouhaha after another. He picks fights, when statesmanship is called for. He
speaks recklessly while proclaiming himself to be a child of redemptive love.
One day he's mayoral, the next he's pure "street."

As press copy, Barry's great. (Quiet as it's kept, Barry sells newspapers.) And
as theater, he's fun to watch. But as a symbol of what we are all about as a
city, Barry as mayor is a millstone.

That said, no D.C. government administration ever railroaded a group of District
employees the way the Clinton administration crushed workers in the White House
travel office firings.

The city has had its share of clunkers, but never the likes of White House
security chief Craig Livingstone -- master squirreler of other people's FBI
files.

A succession of D.C. politicians has played fast and loose with the city's weak
and poorly enforced campaign finance laws. But donor hustling and fund-raising
piggishness never sank to the depth of grubbiness reached by Clinton's last
presidential campaign.

This administration allowed the White House -- the people's house, as Clinton
called it last year when he ordered the mansion further shut off from the public
by closing Pennsylvania Avenue -- to be prostituted for campaign bucks in a way
unseen in a modern presidency. Getting next to Bill Clinton was all a matter of
price.

So you choose: Among House Republicans, the White House, and the city, which
best mirrors the nation's ethics? Of this I'm confident: Shadiness, power trips
and hypocrisy aren't confined to the District.

None of this is meant to suggest that the national political establishment has
no standing and should butt out of District affairs. On the contrary, if the
city is to get out of its financial crisis, the federal government will have to
do the District a good turn on several fronts. Medicaid, prisons, the city's
unfunded pension liability, maintenance of roads and bridges are among the state
level programs and activities where Uncle Sam should help bear some of the
District's burdens. Resolving these issues as well as defining a new and more
constructive D.C.-federal relationship will require the involvement of all three
-- and plenty of hard negotiations. The administration and Congress belong at
the table, but this time with a difference. When they enter the room, they might
consider leaving their customary condescension and self-righteousness behind.

The writer is a member of the editorial page staff.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              178 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             April 18, 1999, Sunday

ESSAY: THE TRUE CONFESSIONS OF AN ENGLISH FICTION-EATER;
 SINCE AN ENCOUNTER WITH 'THE HOBBIT' AT THE AGE OF SIX, FRANCIS SPUFFO RD HAS
BEEN A COMPULSIVE READER. UNLIKE OTHER ADDICTIONS, THIS IS AN ELEGANT, EVEN
ADMIRABLE CONDITION. OR SO HE LIKES TO THINK

BYLINE: Francis Spufford

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1296 words


I realised recently that, in bookshops, I do a placatory dumb- show as I move
among the shelves. I've got a little repertoire designed to make my reactions to
the books I'm cruising among likeable, likeable to an imaginary audience. Here I
go, then: I'm in the basement of Forbidden Planet's big London shop on New
Oxford Street jinking left and right past posters of Princess Leia, Dr Who
videos, Bart Simpson T-shirts, leather- fetish magazines mixed up in a rack with
the Fortean Times, past science fiction's outworks of non-verbal and semi-verbal
stuff, towards its actual fiction, A-Z by author. My business is there, and when
it comes to books I'm a really skilled browser, believe me, finely attuned to
the obscure signals sent out by the spines of paperbacks, able to detect at
speed the four or five titles in a bay that pull at me in different ways.

What's this? Imported American military SF; black gloss cover with display type
tending toward gothic spikiness; picture of space-opera interstellar dreadnought
encrusted with guns on the front. Keyword mercenary in the blurb on the back, so
it'll be nasty; phrasing of the come-on lines also suggests post-Robert-Heinlein
right -wing libertarian blow-up-Oklahoma- City mad gun-toting bullshit, not an
uncommon ideological flavouring in this subgenre, so it'll be programmatically
nasty. I don't want to read this book, I certainly don't want to buy it, but I
do want to take a single sip of its particular poison.

Open a page at random. Oh my Lord, gushing human intestines. Very disgusting -
yet also kind of arresting. But now I want to put the book back, and as I slide
it back into its neon nest I also want to push it away from me, from my tastes
and the kind of person I am. I want to demonstrate that between a person like me
and a book like that only an amused disdain is possible. So I do this thing. I
pantomime furrowing my brow in pain; I draw back my lips from my teeth like an
affronted chimp; I push air against my upper palate to make a hissy,
glottal-stopped disgust-noise. "Eekh!" I say, as if eyes were fixed on me from
all quarters - as if the alacrity I now want to cancel might have been seen,
like a spark arcing between eye and page, by other browsers, or the punks
serving behind the counters who are often scholars of comic-book history, or the
polite Asian heavies doing security on the door.

Actually, of course, I take it for granted that it hasn't. One of the first
things you learn as you begin to read is the amazing exterior invisibility of
all the rush of event and image which narrative pours through you. I'm 32 years
old as I do my little performance in Forbidden Planet, which means I've been
reading for 26 years. Twenty-six years since the furze of black marks between
the covers of The Hobbit grew lucid, and released a dragon. Twenty-six years,
therefore, since the primary discovery that the dragon remained internal to me.
Inside my head, Smaug hurtled, lava-gold, scaly green. And nothing showed. Wars,
jokes, torrents of faces would fill me from other books, as I read on, and none
of that would show either. But I have not ceased to be amazed at the
invisibility I depend on. Other people can't see what so permeates me, I accept
that, but why can't they? It fills me. The imbalance between what's felt and
what shows means I carry the sensory load of fiction like a secret.

Perhaps like all secrets it leaks in the end, but while I'm still freshly
distended with my cargo of images, while I'm a fishtank with a new shoal in me,
with one aspect of myself I enjoy the power of being different behind my
unbetraying face. If I hung about stoned in front of a police station, solemn on
the outside and spiralling chemically within, or wore a lace thong to the office
beneath my business suit, I wouldn't be getting a different buzz. I flirt with
discovery. My rigmarole in Forbidden Planet is exhibitionism as well as defence,
asks to be noticed while it tries to camouflage. Look at me! (Don't look at me!)
I'm cramming myself over here, I'm gobbling worlds!

I need fiction. I'm an addict. This is not a figure of speech. I don't quite
read a novel a day, but I certainly read some of a novel every day, and usually
some of several. There is always a heap of opened paperbacks face down near the
bed, always something current on the kitchen table to reach for over coffee when
I wake up. Colonies of prose have formed in the dimness of the upstairs landing,
so that I don't go without text even in the left-over spaces of the house where
I spend least time. When I'm tired and therefore indecisive, it can take half an
hour to choose the book I am going to have with me while I brush my teeth. It
always matters which book I pick up.

I can be happy with an essay or a history if it interlaces like a narrative, if
its author uses fact or impression to make a story-like sense; but fiction is
king, fiction is the true stuff, compared to which non-fiction is a shadow,
sometimes appealing for its shadiness and halfway status. Only the endless
multiplicity of fiction is a problem, in a life in which reading time is still
limited no matter how many commitments of work or friendship I am willing to
ditch in favour of the pages.

It isn't that I have the ambition to read everything. No, the difficulty is that
when you're conscious of the mass of fictional possibilities, to choose between
them becomes a lengthier and lengthier task. A gradual, melancholy paralysis
sets in. The more you see a bookshop the way I tend to, as a chemist's
dispensing an almost universal range of mood-altering substances, each slightly
different from the next, the more essentially interchangeable books seem. The
promise of reading recedes. But I don't let go of it even when its satisfactions
seem to be dissolving. I don't give it up. It is entwined too deeply with my
history; it has been forming the way I see for too long.

And I have a cultural sanction for my addiction. Books get cited over and over
as the virtuous term of a contrast whose wicked other half is PlayStation, or
MTV, or the Web. The villain varies, but it's always some cathode-ray
entertainment that jitters on the retina, where printed words are supposed to
rest calmly. It doesn't matter that my eyes track across the breakfast table for
the wafer of text on the cornflake packet just as avidly as any channel-hopper
squeezing the remote, both of us eager for the mere brush of our chosen medium
going by. The difference of the forms is enough. The medium I'm wrapped in
scores me a cultural point. I don't watch daytime soap operas, I'm bookish: I
have the dignity of high culture, although in fact I find the frictionless
surfaces of genre fiction easier food for my compulsion, and have to urge myself
on through a George Eliot novel - no matter how much I'm enjoying it - by
calculating the pages that are still to go.

I have dignity, although in public places, after the phase of placatory
selfconsciousness is past, I sink into oblivion as I read, and come to rest in
random postures. Once in a public library my attention was caught while I bent
down to the lowest shelf of biographies. Time passed - a quarter of an hour,
half an hour? My head was tilted way over on one side, and all the saliva in my
mouth flowed into the cheek on the down side. Then someone visible only as a
pair of legs coughed Excuse me. Sorry, I said thickly. As I moved back to the
vertical to get out of her route to the lives of Sherman, Shostakovich and
Schubert, the spittoon overflowed, and I dribbled extensively on the carpet tile
at her feet.

Francis Spufford is working on 'A Reading Silence', a book about compulsive
reading, to be published by Faber and Faber next year.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              179 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 4, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

DeLay Asked Lobbyist to Raise Money Through Charity

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1098 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 3


Representative Tom DeLay asked the lobbyist Jack Abramoff to raise money for him
through a private charity controlled by Mr. Abramoff, an unusual request that
led the lobbyist to try to gather at least $150,000 from his Indian tribe
clients and their gambling operations, according to newly disclosed e-mail from
the lobbyist's files.

The electronic messages from 2002, which refer to ''Tom'' and ''Tom's
requests,'' appear to be the clearest evidence to date of an effort by Mr.
DeLay, a Texas Republican, to pressure Mr. Abramoff and his lobbying partners to
raise money for him. The e-mail messages do not specify why Mr. DeLay wanted the
money, how it was to be used or why he would want money raised through the
auspices of a private charity.

''Did you get the message from the guys that Tom wants us to raise some bucks
from Capital Athletic Foundation?'' Mr. Abramoff asked a colleague in a message
on June 6, 2002, referring to the charity. ''I have six clients in for $25K. I
recommend we hit everyone who cares about Tom's requests. I have another few to
hit still.''

The e-mail was addressed to Tony Rudy, who had been Mr. DeLay's chief of staff
in the House before joining Mr. Abramoff's lobbying firm. Mr. Abramoff said it
would be good ''if we can do $200K'' for Mr. DeLay.

The e-mail traffic was released this week by the Senate Indian Affairs
Committee, which has conducted a yearlong investigation into whether Mr.
Abramoff and a business partner, Michael Scanlon, Mr. DeLay's former House press
secretary, defrauded Indian tribe clients and their gambling operations out of
tens of millions of dollars. There was no immediate comment on the e-mail from
spokesmen for Mr. Abramoff or Mr. DeLay, who has stepped down as House majority
leader because of an unrelated criminal indictment in his home state.

The Justice Department signaled last month that it was investigating the
propriety of Mr. DeLay's ties to Mr. Abramoff, including trips that the lobbyist
organized for Mr. DeLay and his wife. Mr. Abramoff is under indictment in a
separate federal fraud investigation in Florida.

The case against Mr. DeLay in Texas, which centers on charges that he violated
the state's century-old ban on use of corporate money in its political races,
has been thrown into confusion this week because of accusations -- first by Mr.
DeLay's defense lawyers, then by prosecutors -- that judges assigned to the case
cannot be impartial because of their political ties, a concern in Texas because
judges there are elected.

On Tuesday, Mr. DeLay's lawyers managed to have the trial judge, Bob Perkins, a
Democrat, removed because he had made contributions to the Democratic Party and
its candidates. On Thursday, the Republican administrative judge who was
supposed to pick Judge Perkins's replacement, B. B. Schraub, removed himself
from the case because of contributions he had made to Republican candidates.

Judge Schraub immediately forwarded the case to the state's chief justice,
Wallace B. Jefferson, another Republican. But Justice Jefferson's involvement
was also challenged by the prosecutors. They suggested in a separate court
filing that the chief justice could not be impartial because of his use of a
political consultant and campaign treasurer who had also worked for Texans for a
Republican Majority, Mr. DeLay's state political action committee, and because
he had received thousands of dollars in donations from the Republican Party.

Late Thursday, Justice Jefferson announced that he had named a new trial judge,
Pat Priest, a retired Democratic judge from San Antonio. It was not immediately
clear if Judge Priest would be acceptable to lawyers on both sides.

The focus on Mr. DeLay back in Washington has been over his ties to Mr.
Abramoff, once one of the city's most powerful lobbyists and Republican
fund-raisers, and Mr. Scanlon, who was among Mr. DeLay's closest aides on his
House staff.

The hearings by the Senate Indian Affairs Committee have shown that through a
network of outside companies and charities, Mr. Abramoff and Mr. Scanlon
funneled tens of millions of dollars in lobbying fees from Indian tribes into
activities that often had little connection to the interests of the tribes and
their lucrative gambling operations.

Mr. Abramoff's private charity, the Capital Athletic Foundation, has come under
scrutiny by Senate investigators since the foundation was used to underwrite
overseas travel by members of Congress and senior government officials, as well
as a Jewish day school that Mr. Abramoff had established and paramilitary
training for kibbutz residents in Israel. Mr. Abramoff's e-mail messages
describe the training program as a ''sniper school.''

In a chain of often cryptic e-mail messages that began on June 6, 2002, Mr.
Abramoff communicated with members of his lobbying firm and his clients about
Mr. DeLay's request that large amounts of money be raised through the
foundation.

''Hi Tony,'' Mr. Abramoff wrote to Mr. Rudy, asking that he help in the
fund-raising effort and describing the Capital Athletic Foundation as ''a tax
deductible foundation'' that does ''NO lobbying at all.''

Later that day, Mr. Abramoff wrote to Mr. Rudy again, asking him to pass on the
request for a donation to one of the firm's major Indian tribe clients, the
Saginaw Chippewas of Michigan. He wrote that the request would ''look better
coming from you as a former DeLay COS -- we're gonna make a bundle here.''

On June 20, Mr. Rudy wrote to Todd Boulanger, a different colleague at the
lobbying firm Greenberg Traurig, asking about the status of a $25,000
contribution to the Capital Athletic Foundation.

''Jack wants this,'' Mr. Rudy wrote, referring to Mr. Abramoff. ''It is
something our friends are raising money for.'' The e-mail did not identify the
friends.

Mr. Boulanger replied the same day: ''I'm sensing shadiness. I'll stop asking.
I'll break it up over the various request to a total of $25K.''

Mr. Rudy replied: ''Your senses are good. If you have to say Leadership is
asking, please do. I already have.'' Mr. Rudy did not return phone calls
Thursday, so it was not possible to determine if ''Leadership'' referred to Mr.
DeLay.

In e-mail on July 8, 2002, to the lobbyist for a Texas Indian tribe, Mr.
Abramoff asked about the status of the tribe's contribution to the foundation
for Mr. DeLay: ''I am getting daily calls on this. When they return tomorrow, I
have no doubt, Tom himself is going to call.'' Mr. Abramoff appeared to be
referring to Mr. DeLay's return to Washington after the Fourth of July holiday.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Justice Department is examining ties between Representative
Tom DeLay, Republican of Texas, above, and the lobbyist Jack Abramoff. (Photo by
Doug Mills/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              180 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            February 15, 2010 Monday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 866  words


Dishonorable officials

Correct me if I'm wrong, but I always thought elected officials were to act as
public servants, representing the interests of their constituents and their
country.

To the contrary, I have concluded that the Republican officeholders are fighting
for the good of the party rather than for the good of the country. To what end?
Power? Huge money? By the way, thank you, Bush's Supreme Court, for enabling big
money to prevail.

From the very beginning, the Republican "ins" vowed to make Obama fail, and they
have worked every day to obstruct progress and measures that would help cure
some of America's profound ills.

It appears they think that if they can make Obama's presidency fail, they will
regain "power." Whoopee. Then we can return to the good old days of consistent
lies and manipulation.

Memories are short. I recall that early in the last presidential campaign John
McCain admitted that economics wasn't his strong suit and shrugged it off as
unimportant. Did he go back to college and get an MBA?

I think our political system is broken, and I'm disgusted and angry. My fervent
wish is that these underhanded strategies will provoke a backlash and prompt
voters to throw these dishonorable officials out of office.

META SHEPHERD

Harwood -- Agent furlough

On Jan. 25, Gov. O'Malley announced new proposals to get tough on sex offenders.

It is ironic that this announcement came days after O'Malley submitted the
fiscal 2011 budget.

This would be the third straight budget in which he furloughs every agent of the
Maryland Division of Parole and Probation Sex Offender Unit.

Taking sex offender agents off the streets works to the advantage of those
preying on our children. Furloughing the agents who work to protect children
from pedophiles is a terrible mistake.

I encourage all Marylanders to contact O'Malley and request that he fully fund
the Parole and Probation Sex Offender Unit.

RAI DOUGLAS

President, AFSCME Local #3661 -- Glen Burnie

Handicap parking spots

We have had three snowfalls since December and I've noticed each time the snow
is cleared in the nearby shopping center parking lots, the snowplows clear snow
from regular parking spaces and pile it up into the handicap spaces.

These spaces are for people who need wheelchairs, walkers or have other health
problems that limit their mobility. What are they to do if those spots are
filled with snow?

Handicap spaces are generally made larger to accommodate wheelchair entry and
exit from vehicles and are placed close to curb ramps. Other spots are simply
inadequate for the purpose. Imagine trying to traverse the length of a parking
lot in a wheelchair or walker because there was no usable spot close by, let
along having to "hop" an icy curb.

With the many parking spaces available in a given shopping center, certainly a
number of these regular spots can be used for piling up the snow. Keep in mind
there are people who cannot park just anywhere. There are only a few of these
handicap spots normally available.

Those of you who are in charge of seeing that the parking lots are cleared,
kindly make it a point to keep these spots open and clear so the less than
able-bodied can make use of the shopping centers as the rest of the community
does.

LOUISE M. ZEITLIN

Annapolis -- Slots

Before approving slots here, every politician should first attend a "Gamblers
Anonymous" meeting. Especially County Executive John Leopold who campaigned
anti-slots but then approved "slots" at Arundel Mills.

I'm an unpaid volunteer collecting (now \>400) signatures on the "Stop Slots at
Arundel Mills" petition drive. Why? To force the issue back onto next fall's
referendum.

Voters had narrowly approved slots at racetracks. But enough politicians instead
approved putting a huge casino at Arundel Mills mall - plunk midst the
Dorchester community - next to its schools, churches and play fields.

I recently was a guest at two open Baltimore area GA meetings. They depressed
me. The GA members were humble, sincere and supportive of each other's
commitment to abstinence. Gambling had cost them their marriages, their kids'
college savings accounts, jail time, jobs, being assaulted by "enforcers," home
foreclosure and their families.

In the 1960s and early 1970s, Anne Arundel County had slot machines - along with
widespread criminal corruption of government officials and employees by slots
operators. This newspaper covered the indictments and resignations of officials
in county government and our police, sheriff, Zoning and Inspections
Departments. Why did a former Maryland governor resign and not become U.S.
president?

If just slots alone produced widespread corruption in Anne Arundel County, what
will a Las Vegas class casino at Arundel Mills generate? It will generate a
thousand times more revenue available for shadiness and misery. Has human nature
changed here in 50 years to block corruption and addiction?

When Maryland last needed revenue, the lottery arrived and we got a football
stadium. (Education now gets how much lottery money?) What will Maryland
politicians approve the next time Maryland needs new revenue? Prostitution
parlors? Narcotic theme parks?

Please sign the petition.

RONALD C. SANDER

Severna Park

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

E-Mails Show Ex-Interior Official's Links to Lobbyist;
Evidence Suggests Abramoff and Griles Had Close Ties

BYLINE: Susan Schmidt, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A04

LENGTH: 937 words


The former deputy secretary of the Interior Department had numerous meetings,
telephone calls and other contacts with Jack Abramoff concerning the lobbyist's
tribal clients, e-mails released by congressional investigators show.

J. Steven Griles, who held the No. 2 job at Interior from 2001 to 2004,
testified Wednesday before the Senate Indian Affairs Committee that he never
tried to intercede on behalf of Abramoff's clients and that he had no special
relationship with him. He said he had rejected a job offer from Abramoff in
2003.

The e-mails suggest a much closer relationship than Griles acknowledged in his
testimony. They reflect more than a half-dozen contacts Griles had with Abramoff
or with a woman working as the lobbyist's go-between. The contacts concerned
gambling-related issues affecting four tribal clients who were paying Abramoff
tens of millions of dollars to represent them.

According to the e-mails, Griles advised Abramoff how to get members of Congress
to pressure the department and provided him information about Interior
decision-making. In one instance, Abramoff wrote to his lobbying colleagues that
Griles would be providing a draft of an Interior letter to Congress to give them
"a head start."

The Justice Department is investigating Abramoff's  practices, focusing on
tribal clients that paid him and a public relations associate $82 million
between 2001 and 2003. Investigators are examining whether executive branch
officials or members of Congress and their staffs did favors for the lobbyist
for campaign contributions, jobs or trips.

The e-mails made public this week show that Abramoff's dealings with Griles
began at a March 1, 2001, social event. Before Griles took office, Abramoff
offered him "strategic advice" on two Interior bureaus  --  Insular Affairs and
Indian Affairs  --  whose decisions could affect his clients.

In an e-mail sent in September 2002, Abramoff reported to his lobbying team that
he had a "great dinner with Griles," during which they discussed tribes seeking
casinos that would compete with those of Abramoff's tribal clients. Abramoff
told his team that Griles "is very excited" about a proposed "legislative fix"
that would hamper efforts by the Jena Band of Choctaws to get land for a casino
in Louisiana.

E-mails show Abramoff tried to influence Griles through Italia Federici, head of
the Council of Republicans for Environmental Advocacy, a group co-founded by
Interior Secretary Gale A. Norton. Griles had a personal relationship with
Federici. Abramoff's tribal clients donated at least $250,000 to Federici's
group. When Louisiana took action that moved the Jena  plan along, Abramoff
messaged Federici:  "Can you make sure Steve knows about this and puts the
kibosh on it? Thanks."

But Abramoff soon told colleagues that Griles was "upset" at him for mobilizing
Ralph Reed and Christian groups to put grass-roots pressure on Norton to kill
the Jena's plan. "I got a call from Griles basically accusing Ralph and me of
having our finger prints on an anti-Norton effort. I denied it, of course, but
it is clear that I have taken a hit here," he wrote to a colleague.

Abramoff's spokesman declined to comment, citing the investigation.

E-mails from March 2003 show Griles's involvement in Abramoff's efforts to get
Interior money for a school for the wealthy Saginaw Chippewa tribe, even though
Congress had barred any such grants for new construction.

Griles "just called me," Abramoff wrote. "He said we have to get the Members of
the House to respond to their letter that this should be funded and then it will
be done. . . . Griles will get me the letter once it is drafted so we have a
head start."

The Washington Post has reported that Abramoff's team got the $3 million grant
for the tribe later that year after Sen. Conrad Burns (R-Mont.) pressured the
Bureau of Indian Affairs  to release the funds. Burns received $137,000 in
contributions from Abramoff lobbyists and their tribal clients.

Abramoff built his business with the tribes by touting ties to  leaders such as
former House  majority  leader Tom DeLay (R-Tex.). Among e-mails released this
week are several  from 2002 in which Abramoff exhorted members of his lobbying
team to raise money from their clients for Abramoff's personal charity, the
Capital Athletic Foundation. Senate investigators have accused Abramoff of
misusing the charity by funding activities such as an Israeli sniper school on
the West Bank.

Abramoff wrote to lobbyist Tony C. Rudy, a former DeLay staffer, that DeLay
"wants us to raise some bucks" for the foundation.

Richard Cullen, a lawyer for DeLay, said that he had not seen the e-mails, but
that DeLay "has no recollection about this at all."

Rudy asked another lobbyist to get the Saginaw Chippewa tribe to donate $25,000,
saying, "Jack wants this." Lobbyist Todd A. Boulanger queried:  "What is it?
I've never heard of it." Rudy replied: "It is something our friends are raising
money for."

Boulanger replied:  "I'm sensing shadiness. I'll stop asking." Said Rudy:  "Your
senses are good. If you have to say leadership is asking, please do. I already
have."

Rudy and Abramoff parted ways within weeks of this exchange, with Rudy joining
another firm.

In August 2002, Abramoff e-mailed the tribe again, seeking the $25,000 for "the
DeLay thing." Foundation ledgers show it was not DeLay but another member of
Congress who benefited from the charity's spending that summer. The foundation
spent $166,634 on expenses related to a golf trip to Scotland that Abramoff
organized for Rep.  Robert W. Ney (R-Ohio).

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              182 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Jennifer Tilly on How She Collects Fine Jewelry

BYLINE: Booth Moore

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 1091  words


Jennifer Tilly is an actress (Bullets Over Broadway, Bound), a world
championship poker player, and a jewelry collector extraordinaire. Plus, she's
just an all-around funny gal, the kind who will freely admit to doing a movie so
bad, she's never watched it, just to be able to splurge on an auction lot of
David Webb sparklers.




So when auction house Sotheby's wanted to generate some excitement around its
forthcoming Magnificent Jewelsauction happening Dec. 8 in New York City, which
will feature treasures by Van Cleef & Arpels, JAR, Cartier, Tiffany and David
Webb, it was a no-brainer to enlist Tilly to preview some of the prized pieces.
She did so with the help of Frank Everett, senior vp of Sotheby's Jewelry
Department, and vintage guru Cameron Silver, in this video shot at the L.A.
boutique Decades.


THR also caught up with Tilly to chat about her approach to collecting, her
favorite pieces and what she's got her eye on next.


What's your approach to fine jewelry collecting, as in, how do you evaluate what
to buy?


I like kitschy pieces from the '60s and '70s - jewelry that looks like your
great aunt in Palm Beach died and gave it to you. Really chic, crazy color
combos, and great conversation pieces by Boivin, Suzanne Belperron or Paul
Flato, things that are pieces of art, not just really big diamonds. I also like
when jewelry has provenance; I have a charm bracelet that used to belong to Joan
Crawford and has charms from all her lovers with inscriptions and dates. There's
even a miniature replica of an Oscar statuette on it. Ann Marie Stanton, the
antique jewelry dealer in Beverly Hills, found it for me.


Courtesy of Sotheby's New York


As an actress, do you feel strongly about wearing jewelry that you bought rather
than borrowed?


When I started going down the red carpet, I was a girl on a budget, and I felt
like an ad with price tags on it. I felt it was my responsibility to say, "This
purse is by so and so" and "This shoe is by so and so." When I became a movie
star - and I use that term loosely - that was right when the fashion industry
discovered it could sell things off actresses. I'll never forget going to the
Oscars and seeing Joan Rivers accost Tyra Banks to ask who made her beautiful
necklace. Tyra said, "Mine!" and kept sashaying down the carpet. I thought how
amazing to go down the red carpet and say, "Mine!" Then you don't have the
bodyguards following you around and making you feel like Cinderella, divesting
you of your splendor at the end of the night before you even get into the limo.


Courtesy of Jennifer Tilly


Is there a piece in your collection that you're particularly sentimental about?


The cheapest one: my gold World Series of Poker bracelet that I won in 2005,
because it represents an accomplishment and a culmination of a dream. Another
one is a piece that belonged to Elizabeth Taylor. I always wanted a piece of
jewelry from her Cleopatra period because I'd read about how she used to hang
out on Via Veneto in Rome and go into the Bulgari store, where they'd open vats
of jewels. That was when she was falling in love with Richard Burton, so I
wanted something from that period. But when I went to the auction, everything
Bulgari was going through the roof, and I found out later that Bulgari had
bought almost all the pieces for its archive.


The piece I ended up getting was one that Eddie Fisher got her to try to win her
back. It's a brooch that has yellow and white diamonds. When they split up, she
paid off the bill for the brooch, which was amazing because she never paid for
her own jewelry. So I figured she must have really loved this brooch! Another
piece I really like is a minaudiere from Cartier in its original box that
belonged to the Duchess of Windsor and has her coat of arms on one side and the
Duke of Windsor's coat of arms on the other. It still has the powder and powder
puff that belonged to her, so when you open it, you can smell what the Duchess
of Windsor smelled like.


Any tips for would-be collectors?


If you have a good eye, you can collect on any level. When I first started, I
bought a lot of David Webb, before it got popular again. I actually did a
horrible movie to pay for my David Webb bill - I won't tell you the name of the
film; I never even saw it. I bought a whole auction lot of David Webb for
$35,000. One of the bracelets alone was worth twice as much as the lot, and I've
since sold a few of those pieces for a lot of money. Sometimes I sell pieces to
buy other pieces.


When I first started, I didn't know much about what constituted a fine stone. I
would buy signed pieces. I'd figure Cartier and Bulgari wouldn't use inferior
stones. But I didn't understand counterfeiting. There is some shadiness in the
jewelry business. Even if you go to the big jewelry shows, you don't know what
you're getting. Something will be stamped Cartier or Van Cleef but will have new
elements. I'd recommend buying from auction houses, where pieces are vetted. If
they say they are Cartier and it's not, they will give you your money back. You
also get better deals because you're bidding against dealers. I have a lot of
friends who buy jewelry, and they go to Barneys. It's better not to buy things
retail.


Courtesy of Jennifer Tilly


Anything you collect that's contemporary?


I go to the Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda couture shows in Italy, and every time you
just want to buy a souvenir from the beautiful experience. I buy jewelry from
them because either you can buy a dress that you wear maybe once, or you can buy
jewelry that's incredibly artistic and one-of-a-kind. Alta Moda is really the
designers' baby; it's how they express themselves creatively.


Courtesy of Jennifer Tilly


Do you have any tips on how to wear fine jewelry? Do you reserve it for special
occasions, for example?


No. Every day I have jewelry on, it makes me really happy. You can wear long
chains with jeans or funky vintage dresses. I also design jewelry but just for
myself. I was obsessed with eyes, and I designed a queen of hearts ring. A lot
of people who love jewelry start designing.


Any collectible piece you have your eye on?


The piece I have my eye on is a necklace that used to belong to Norma Shearer.
(Lot 188, pictured above.) I'm a big collector of Paul Flato, and this one is
from his heyday, when he was making jewelry for all the movie stars. Shearer was
famous for wearing her own jewelry, and when she was in the film The Women, all
the actresses wore their own jewelry. They took pride in it. If you had real
jewels, big pieces, it showed how much of a movie star you were.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2016 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 23, 2010 Friday

With this bling, I thee dump;
In her new book, Sarah Hampson explains how rituals are evolving to help people
untie the knot. For her, the joyful event was hawking her diamond for a
different kind of sparkle

BYLINE: SARAH HAMPSON

SECTION: GLOBE LIFE; EXCERPT / HAPPILY EVER AFTER MARRIAGE; Pg. L1

LENGTH: 1229 words


To cure myself of "veil brain," which is how sex therapist Lou Paget describes
the adoption of the wife persona, I performed a few un-marriage rituals. Not
that they are undertaken to cure anyone of the desire for love - that is
never-ending, if you go by dating reports from old-age homes - but they help to
underscore the over-promise (and overselling) of marital bliss, which I had
completely bought.

And it seems that I am not alone, among the legion of the divorced. I read about
one divorced client of Celebrant USA Foundation & Institute, a non-profit
organization that helps train professionals to tailor ceremonies for life's
milestone events, who glued back together a broken glass in a reversal of the
Jewish tradition of smashing a glass at the wedding.

Divorce parties are reportedly on the rise, an exit ritual from the wedding
industry complex that lured them into marriage in the first place. People serve
cocktails with names like So Long, and Sucker, and play Hit the Road, Jack and I
Will Survive.

Some people bring presents, which is an excellent way to replace the 15-piece
Wedgwood dinner set the ex walked off with. Burning things is big. Women often
torch their wedding dresses. I read about one woman who celebrated as she
watched her ex-husband's trophy deer head go up in flames.

My favourite un-marriage ceremony is that of Shanna Moakler, former Playmate and
participant in the reality show Dancing with the Stars. In November, 2006, when
she split from her husband, Travis Barker, a drummer - for the first time, that
is, as they have reunited and split again several times since - she threw
herself a break-up bash in Las Vegas, a popular destination to play roulette of
the heart, where many about-to-be-marrieds go to enjoy their last taste of
freedom, quickie weddings occur, and the end of a union is celebrated like New
Year's Eve. Moakler invited friends. They partied all night. The coup de grâce?
She rolled out a three-tier anti-wedding cake. On the top of the cake was a
miniature plastic bride, arms raised in victory, wielding a knife. The groom lay
at the bottom of the confection, nearly dead and bleeding red food colouring
over the girlishly pink icing.

My un-marriage rituals were tame by comparison. At the end of our union, after
having bought, renovated and sold two fixer-uppers during the course of our
marriage, my husband and I were living in a large house that was an expression
of full-blown family life. Bikes littered the driveway. The playroom in the
basement was a vast Lego-land landscape filled with inventive buildings and
ships. Running shoes the size of boats filled shelves. The new kitchen had a
restaurant-grade stove, granite countertops, a Sub-Zero fridge. Our house
boasted much of the domestic porn of our generation.

When we sold the marital home, I tried to make the most of that difficult move.
The boys and I moved into a house less than 20 years old, not in need of
renovation. There was no lawn. I could open the front door and a window at the
back, and the wind would practically blow the dust and dirt out. But if my
living space was reduced, I used it as an excuse to remove unhappy karma.

Gone was the husband clutter. I took only the things I loved. My three boys fit
into the new house like loaves in a baker's cooling rack. Ketchup found his spot
under a table.

I threw out the sheets we used on our queen-sized bed, bought a new mattress and
painted my bedroom a bold shade of pink.

Less house, more life was my mantra.

In the last two years, two of my colleagues have announced engagements. They
came in to show off their engagement rings. This is such an iconic high point in
a woman's life that it's a cliché - the left hand fanned out for all to admire.
I am happy for them. I did the same thing myself. I know the joy.

My post-divorce ring ritual had been significantly different.

I had sold my gold wedding band (inscribed on the inside with love, forever) as
well as my diamond engagement ring. I took them to Russell Oliver, a.k.a. "the
Cashman," a salesman who runs odious ads on television in which he screams at
people that he will give them cash for their old jewellery.

At his storefront, I walked in the outside door, only to be caught in the small
entranceway so he and his employees could assess my potential shadiness before
buzzing me through the next, locked door. I was wearing my best Saturday sweats
and a soccer-mom smile.

"Let's see what you have," a man behind the counter said gruffly, without making
eye contact.

I put my rings on the little velvet counter pad.

I knew their strategy was to look unimpressed.

"Look, I want you to just give me the best price. I'm not interested in playing
games," I said.

He eyeballed me then, this balding bulldog of a man who looked as though his job
required training in martial arts.

He held the diamond ring up to his monocle again, non-committal.

"Is Russell here?" I asked. Years ago, for a magazine, I had written a small
story about him.

The salesman pressed a button under the counter, and out popped Oliver from the
back room.

I introduced myself. He recognized me.

"You were mean about me!" he shrieked, clearly recalling the piece I had
written, and pointing a finger in my face.

I had simply described his ebullient personality. "But the story gave you
publicity, no?" I retorted.

His face twitched like that of a skunk smelling a foe.

"I'm divorced," I announced plainly. "I want to sell these rings. I know the
diamond is good. All I want is enough money to buy something new."

Oliver's eyes widened a bit behind his large round glasses.

I was not the usual animal who wandered into their locked showroom. I was prey,
I knew that, but I was not the kind who had sentimental attachment to her
jewellery.

When I had entered the store, a man was on his way out, indignant over his
treatment at the hands of the bulldog, who had told him that his prized gold
watch and some earrings were "garbage."

Oliver took over the assessment of my pieces. "This is worthless," he said of
the gold wedding band. "I can't resell it. The gold will just be melted down."

I thought about keeping it for my children as a token of their parents'
marriage. But why? It would be a reminder of what they no longer had: the two of
us together. I could instead pay for Godammo.com to melt it and mould it into a
bullet. That's their divorce-happy anti-marriage service.

"Take it, anyway," I said.

"The diamond is good," he acknowledged, turning it under the light. He offered
about what I had thought I would get.

Still, I asked for more. "Look, I want to sell. Just sweeten the deal a bit." I
smiled.

He upped the price by $200.

"Done."

Oliver counted out a wad of crisp bills. I left with a wave, and immediately
headed for a store downtown, where I had seen a cocktail ring - my divorce
bling, I later called it - for the exact amount of money he had paid me.

It was not by accident that the ring that came with "I do" in a church was now
being handed over a seedy altar in an unceremonious transaction. It was a way to
close the door on what had once been my domestic fantasy.

Excerpted from Happily Ever After Marriage. Copyright 2010 Sarah Hampson.
Published by Knopf Canada, which is a division of Random House of Canada
Limited. Reproduced by arrangement with the Publisher. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           December 15, 2005 Thursday

Abramoff charity's claims disputed;
Groups listed as beneficiaries of more than $330,000 in gifts say they never got
them

BYLINE: Chuck Lindell, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1966 words


Capital Athletic Foundation, a charity run by disgraced lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
who is now at the center of an influence-peddling investigation on Capitol Hill,
told the IRS it gave away more than $330,000 in grants in 2002 to four other
charities that say they never received the money.

The largest grant the foundation listed in its 2002 tax filing was for $300,000
to P'TACH of New York, a nonprofit that helps Jewish children with learning
disabilities.

"We've never received a $300,000 gift, not in our 28 years," a surprised Rabbi
Burton Jaffa, P'TACH's national director, told the Austin American-States- man.
"It would have been gone by now. I guess I would have been able to pay some
teachers on time."

Federal investigators have not contacted P'TACH about the grant, Jaffa said.
Representa- tives of three other nonprofits that supposedly received Capital
Athletic money also said they have not been contacted.

The grant-reporting discrepancy raises further questions about Abramoff's use of
the foundation's finances as he built one of the most successful and
well-connected lobbying practices in Washington. Abramoff's dealings already
have led to the indictment of a Bush administration official, a subpoena for a
GOP committee chairman and investigations by the Justice Department, Internal
Revenue Service and U.S. Senate.

The discrepancy also follows e-mails between Abramoff and members of his
lobbying team that say then-House Republican Leader Tom DeLay wanted to raise
money through Capital Athletic for an unspecified purpose. In one of those
e-mails, Abramoff announced a $200,000 fundraising goal.

DeLay does not recall making such a request, his lawyer, Richard Cullen, said
Wednesday. Capital Athletic's tax return does not indicate whether Abramoff
reached his $200,000 goal.

But around the time Capital Athletic's tax form was filed in fall 2003, listing
the $300,000 donation P'TACH says it didn't get, a DeLay-created charity called
Celebrations for Children was begun with $300,000 in seed money.

Celebrations for Children was a short-lived effort to raise money for children's
charities by providing donors with special access to DeLay, plus yacht trips and
other enticements, during the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York.
Watchdog groups protested, claiming the fundraiser violated a new ban on
accumulating unlimited "soft" money, and DeLay dropped it in May 2004.

E-mails and documents released so far in the ongoing investigations do not
detail where Capital Athletic's elusive $300,000 went, or if it was money raised
at DeLay's behest in possible violation of federal law.

Abramoff, who knows the answers, is not talking.

Abramoff spokesman Andrew Blum declined to comment on whether Capital Athletic
donated to Celebrations for Children. Blum also refused to discuss the missing
grants.

"No comment on your entire set of questions," he said. DeLay lawyer Cullen,
asked Wednesday afternoon if Capital Athletic gave $300,000 to Celebrations for
Children, said he could not reply, noting there was not enough time to track
that information down.

The ultimate answers may be important for DeLay. Federal law prohibits members
of Congress from requesting "anything of value" from anyone seeking official
action from the House or doing business with the House. Lobbyists in particular
should not be solicited, according to an ethics committee memo explaining the
House Ethics Manual.

An exchange of e-mails in the summer of 2002 between Abramoff and lobbying
partner Tony Rudy, DeLay's former chief of staff, demonstrate that the men were
not shy about using DeLay's name to solicit money for Capital Athletic,
particularly from Indian tribe clients that had proven lucrative to Abramoff's
lobbying practice.

Capital Athletic's financial records also show that the foundation spent money
on political endeavors unrelated to the foundation's stated mission of promoting
sportsmanship.

In June 2002, Abramoff told Rudy in an e-mail that DeLay wanted Capital Athletic
to raise some money for him, and Abramoff suggested hitting up one of the six
casino-operating Indian tribes that enriched Abramoff and a partner with $82
million in lobbying fees.

"I recommend we hit everyone who cares about Tom's requests. I have another few
to hit still, " Abramoff wrote. "I think that, if we can do $200K, that would be
good."

Abramoff suggested that Rudy contact the Saginaw Chippewa Tribe of Michigan,
saying, "it'll look better coming from you as a former DeLay (chief of staff).
We'z gonna make a bundle here."

Rudy, however, made a mistake, passing off the task of approaching the tribe to
Todd Boulanger, an Abramoff team lobbyist who was out of the loop.

Boulanger replied: "What is it? I've never heard of it."

Rudy: "It is something our friends are raising money for."

Boulanger: "I'm sensing shadiness. I'll stop asking."

Rudy: "If you have to say Leadership is asking, please do. I already have."

When the e-mail exchange was copied to Abramoff, he replied to Rudy with an
expletive-punctuated tirade: "I did not want you to bring Todd into this!!! . .
. You should have followed my request to get in touch with (the tribe) directly.
Dammit. Now this is out."

Despite Abramoff's concern, the tribe did contribute $25,000.

Bernie Sprague, subchief for the Saginaw Chippewa Tribe, opposed the
contribution. While the tribal council was told Capital Athletic was a worthy
charity that helped needy children in the Washington area, "my response was we
have our own kids that we need to take care of, we shouldn't be worrying about
the kids in D.C.," he said.

The majority of tribal council members, however, agreed to the contribution,
warming to the sales pitch that the organization "was supported by Tom DeLay and
others, and they would appreciate the tribe's donation in the future if we had
issues that had to go before them," Sprague said in an interview this week.

Capital Athletic's tax return also shows a $50,000 donation from the
Alabama-Coushatta tribe of East Texas, but that money was solicited to pay for
U.S. Rep. Bob Ney's golf outing to Scotland, said Fred Petti, a lawyer for the
tribe.

That 2002 trip, financed by Capital Athletic, also included David Safavian, then
chief of staff at the General Services Administration. Safavian has been charged
with lying  to federal investigators about his dealings with Abramoff  and is
scheduled to stand trial in April.

Ney, R-Ohio and chairman of the House Administration Committee, has said he has
not been formally notified that he is a target of federal investigators, but a
plea agreement entered last month by former Abramoff business partner Michael
Scanlon asserts that Ney accepted meals and trips "in exchange for a series of
official acts and influence."

P'TACH's $300,000 grant is the largest of four listed on the foundation's 2002
tax filing that representatives of nonprofit groups told the American-Statesman
they had no records of receiving:

* $20,000 for Chabad Lubavitch, a Jewish center in Potomac, Md.

* $6,000 for the Waldorf School, a private school with fewer than 200 students
in Atlanta

*  $5,452 for Taylor University, an evangelical Christian college in Fort Wayne,
Ind.

A $6,000 donation would have been big news at the Waldorf School, business
manager Debra Kahn said.

"That's so weird. Why would (Abramoff) even know us?" Kahn said. "The
interesting thing about it is if we had a grant it would have been an
unsolicited one because we weren't writing grant proposals back then. We're in
the process of getting accredited, so we really can't qualify for a lot of
foundation grants anyway."

According to an archived version of Capital Athletic's Web site, it did not
accept unsolicited grant proposals. Abramoff and his wife, Pamela, are the sole
managing members of the charity, according to tax records.

For Craig Holman, campaign finance lobbyist with Public Citizen in Washington
who also monitors nonprofits, the discrepancies raise troubling questions.

"Those charitable contributions have to show up (accurately) in IRS records. If
they don't show up there, something terribly wrong has happened," he said.

IRS spokesman Phil Beasley in Dallas, while prohibited from discussing specific
cases, said charities that misrepresent tax return information risk losing their
nonprofit status.

"Depending on the intent and severity, an organization or individual could find
themselves under criminal investigation by the IRS," Beasley said.

Other charities did receive the listed grants, including $14,500 for the Harry
and Jeanette Weinberg Academy in Maryland, and $2,500 for a Washington film
festival by the Voice Beyond, a faith-based media concern.

Capital Athletic reported making $2.3 million in charitable grants in 2002,
including almost $1.9 million for Eshkol Academy, Abramoff's Jewish school for
boys, and $97,000 for Kollel Ohel Tiferet in Israel to purchase military gear
for an Orthodox Jewish settlement in the West Bank. There is no public listing
for the Kollel group, and the town's mayor said he did not know of the
organization, according to Newsweek magazine.

For 2002, Capital Athletic reported almost $2.6 million in revenue.

clindell@statesman.com, 912-2569

(box)

Capital Athletic Foundation

Jack Abramoff, under investigation by federal agencies and the Senate for his
lobbying activities, created the nonprofit Capital Athletic Foundation in 1999
to promote "the ideals of sportsmanship." Most of the organization's money,
however, has gone to an Abramoff-created Jewish school in Maryland. Capital
Athletic also sponsored a Scotland golf outing for U.S. Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio,
using money raised from two tribes, including $50,000 from the Alabama
Coushattas of East Texas.

Missing grant money

Capital Athletic's 2002 tax filing reported that it gave 13 grants of $1,000 or
more to other nonprofits. Four of those say they have no records of receiving
the grants:

* $300,000, P'TACH, Brooklyn, N.Y.

* $20,000, Chabad Lubavitch, Potomac, Md.

* $6,000, Waldorf School, Atlanta

* $5,452, Taylor University, Fort Wayne, Ind.

(box)

Abramoff e-mails mention DeLay fundraising

E-mails seek money for Capital Athletic Foundation, an Abramoff nonprofit, but
do not specify what the requested money is for. DeLay does not recall making any
requests for Capital Athletic to raise money, his lawyer said.

June 6, 2002

Jack Abramoff to Tony Rudy, DeLay's former chief of staff now on Abramoff's
lobby team: 'Did you get the message from the guys that Tom wants us to raise
some bucks from Capital Athletic Foundation? I have six clients in for $25K. I
recommend we hit everyone who cares about Tom's requests. . . . I think that, if
we can do $200k, that would be good.'

July 8, 2002

Abramoff to Marc Schwartz, who represented the Tigua Tribe of El Paso: 'DeLay
contribution. I am getting daily calls on this. when they return tomorrow, I
have no doubt Tom himself is going to call.'

July 31, 2002

Abramoff to Chris Petras, who represented the Saginaw Chippewa Tribe of
Michigan: 'Just wanted to remind you about getting the Capital Athletic
Foundation contribution to me asap per the delay request. Thanks so much.'

Celebrations for Children

The short-lived nonprofit was created by DeLay in 2003 to raise money for
children's charities during the 2004 Republican National Convention.

Celebrations for Children raised only $300,000 before DeLay halted the effort
after watchdog groups protested. Tax returns do not show the source or sources
of the $300,000.

Tax returns for Capital Athletic include a $300,000 grant to P'TACH, a New York
charity that said it did not receive the money. A lawyer for Abramoff refused to
comment on the missing donation. Nor would he discuss whether Capital Athletic
donated $300,000 to Celebrations for Children.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jack Abramoff
U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay: Former House majority leader's name was invoked by Abramoff
in urging his lobbyists to ask for money for his Capital Athletic Foundation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              185 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily Champion (Lagos)

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

Marriage Could Be Distraction Sometimes [interview]

BYLINE: Leonard Okachie

LENGTH: 1077  words

DATELINE: Lagos


Wow! My country is amazing. Entertainment has become something else in this
country. It's like America, very big. The music is rapidly growing .Sincerely;
I'm very impressed about Nigerians.

I know D'banj is doing very well for himself. Naeto C is doing well for himself,
Tuface, so many people. We had a show with Tuface in Dubai, it was hot. He put
up a very good show. Africans came together for the show. It's about six months
now, Nigerian music is becoming very international.

We want light. Please highlight that. Every other thing is growing rapidly but
we still have problem with power supply. There are lots of privileged people,
and the privileged people might not feel it as much because they have the money
and they have standby generators to stay on 24/7. But for those who don't have,
how do they cope?

It's a sad thing to be used to. I think the government should do something about
it and help Nigeria have constant electrical power supply.

It's a bit scary but back in the days, the potholes were gutters, now they are
filling up gradually. So with patience and with hard work those potholes will be
covered and they will become smooth roads.

It is part of the job of entertainers to make sure they mention what brings
about change in their music, not just talking about women and beautiful girls.
We should also talk about our development and how the country should improve.

It is because we can make a difference. Entertainment is so powerful that even
when you are voting, even Barack Obama, the president of USA, they all call the
entertainers to do songs and to make a statement more powerfully because they
listen to you on radio and television. They watch your video.

So if you are doing something positive and letting them know that there should
be light and everybody is doing that, everybody is saying that, for those who
don't know they will be aware. And those who get aware will do something about
it.

So I'm coming back to this zone to exercise a few things that I think and we all
think should be stable and should also help the country grow.

Some people are just singing without saying anything. I think we should take our
time to put things proper. Back to the movies like I said, you hear background
noises; you see shadows of other people walking past, while you're shooting. The
cameras are not steady, they are shaking.

The sound track we play for our commercials, movies, the background music...they
should take much time to make it professional. For example, if you watch America
movies you see how they put something together. Their music is serious. And that
is why their movies or music is number one on the chart.

What they need and what they go abroad for is what I studied. I studied film, I
studied audio. I have a team of graduates, all very good in what they do. Justin
Amuquo Ashifon is a Cameroonian. He is my audio producer. Ope Oluwa is my
producer as well and few other international producers that I have there.

Now those ones are not Nigerians. Justin is a Cameroonian, which is a
neighbouring country with Nigeria. So I consider him a Nigerian as well. These
guys have gone there to learn these things. And by the time we bring in all we
have learnt back here we can make the difference.

Now you can be here and get the same quality of what you used to go there for.
That's why I'm coming back. I've been there so long and I have learnt what I
have to learn and I'm bringing it back to my country to make my country better.

First of all, inspiration is derived from anything. The truth is you can be
driving on the road and see a poor beggar and you are inspired to write about a
track called Faces come and go. Now, I did a song called Faces come and go,
which talks about what's going on all over the world - poverty, tragedy, death,
war, natural disasters, everything on this side.

Faces come and go is a track that you can just go online, it's free. You can go
online and read through. And it's a song that when you watch the footage, most
people that I know that have seen it have told me they cried.

I put everything that is happening there. And we are in Nigeria to do the same
thing in featuring variety of artistes all coming together to sing the same
thing. So it's not going to be me. It's going to be the same song called Faces
come and go featuring a few other Nigerian artistes. That is going to be in the
video as well, saying the same thing with the same footages of what's going on
in Jos and other places.

My father, mother and family have been most supportive people. Abubakar Hamman
is my father. Elizabeth Hamman is my mother. They are my greatest supporters and
my biggest fans as well.

(Laughs) When you talk of marriage it can either distract or help you be
focused. But the fact is that marriage itself could be a distraction sometimes.
There are some things you have to achieve as a man before you say you want to
settle down and be married. So it is not time for me to settle down and get
married.

I'm 26 years right now, but age is nothing but a number. The more the world
evolves the more you start understanding that even younger people are doing so
much right now. It's quite obvious. And even in Nigerian mentality that believes
older people are the ones to do things have started allowing the younger ones to
handle things so far.

You can see the ambassadors that we have now for Globacom, Etisalat, they are
young guys. Age is nothing but a number

If you are a focused person, this is what I mean by the things you have to go
through in life to become strong. The industry's shadiness, the distraction from
the women, even in the Bible you know how women were. So I believe you put God
first and you stay focused.

(Laughs) I like everybody. I love my African queens. It could be a white African
girl or black African girl, but I love my African queen.

They should be expecting a smashing album very soon, my international album and
a few hard Nigerian collaborations with Igbo, Hausa, Yoruba and Pidgin English.
Now this is the time when we want to put our experiences into our material and
put something serious out there.

I speak Yoruba and also speak Hausa. My father is Hausa, my mother is Yoruba. I
was born in Lagos but I'm from Borno State. My mother is from Abeokuta in Ogun
State. So I'm a proper Nigerian from every angle. My parents are both
Christians.

I schooled in the UK. I did audio in UK and I came to Nigeria, worked on my
music. Then I moved to Dubai where I did film production.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday
                                 State Edition

Going for 'Gold'

BYLINE: Joe Gross American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1027 words


Austin spirit animal Matthew David McConaughey would like to share with the
readers of the Austin American-Statesman an exclusive piece of information about
"Gold," his new, inspired-by-true-events film about a 1980s
preciousmetalsprospectornamed Kenny Wells who, with a geologist partner, heads
to Indonesia to make his proverbial fortune.

Specifically, he would like to discuss his hair.

Sure, McConaughey reportedly put on more than 40 pounds to get into character as
Wells, the somewhat sketchy fellow at the heart of "Gold." He hit the
cheeseburgers, and he hit them hard.

But what really jumps out at you is his hair, a comb-over with that sort of
half-halo thing about the back that some men get. It is ... not the most
flattering look. It is extremely unexpected to see on a movie star.

So where did it come from?

"My dad was always around a lot of guys who looked like Kenny," McConaughey said
in an interview. "They were great consumers of life - whatever they could eat,
drink, smoke, kiss and slobber on, they did it."

Hepauses."Butyouknow where it really came from? I haven't told anyone else this.
I went to the hair lady, said, 'It's this guy's hair,' and handed her a picture
of Dana Holgorsen," McConaughey said, laughing uproariously.

Holgorsen, for those not versed in the ins and outs of college football, is the
current head coach at West Virginia. He did time in various offensive
coordinator gigs at Oklahoma State, Houston and Texas Tech.

Google him - you'll see the resemblance in about two seconds.

McConaughey unpacked his "Gold" character further a few days before our chat at
an invite-only cocktail party and "Gold" screening at the Highball and Alamo
Drafthouse South Lamar, introducing the film with a tremendous story about his
father.

When McConaughey was 17 years old, he and his dad went out to get "stocking
stuffers" for the holiday season. They headed off to a parking lot, at which
McConaughey Senior introduced his son to a man named "Chicago John" who had a
variety of items in the back of a van ("microwaves, hair dryers").

McConaughey said his father purchased an item from this gentleman. McConaughey
couldn't see what it was, but it was the sort of thing for which one peels off
stacks of bills. The elder McConaughey wrapped the item in a bunch of paper
towels and headed back to the car.

"I don't know if it's a ferret or what," McConaughey said. Dad and Matthew
leave, the item stuffed in the glove box. Said McConaughey Senior to son, "See
if it's still in there."

McConaughey unwraps it. It's a watch. "'That's a $22,000 titanium Rolex I just
bought for $3,000,' Dad said."

"Now, that watch was probably not worth $500," McConaughey said, "but my dad
loved a shady deal," the sort that captures the spirit of Kenny Wells, who
McConaughey said is his favorite character he has ever played.

When I mention that I saw him tell this story, McConaughey adds to it. "Yeah, I
remember my dad sort of peeking up in the sky like there might be helicopters in
the air," McConaughey said. "He just bought a hot watch, there was nobody
following us! But that's the fun of something like that."

"You know, you can't really moralize a guy like Kenny," McConaughey said. "Kenny
lives in this survivor, underbelly world, and there are millions of guys like
him that weren't born into the American dream. My dad got out of bed every
morning, threw his legs over the side and said, 'Today's gonna be the day that I
hit a lick.' He never did it, but he got out of bed every day thinking it was
going to happen and trying to make it happen. Kenny is that kind of guy."

In "Gold," Wells, whose prospecting company is the family business, has hit hard
times. The business, which once had its own office, is operating out of a bar.
He is practically living in his car when he seeks out Michael Acosta (Édgar
Ramírez), a geologist who is similarly down on his luck. Together, they head to
Indonesia on a hunch of Acsota's and find - well, one can guess what they find.
Wall Street becomes very interested, and Wells becomes very rich, very fast.

The project had been floating around Hollywood since the early 2010s, with
Michael Mann and Spike Lee mentioned at various points as possible directors.
Stephen Gaghan, who wrote the still-incredible "Traffic" and wrote and directed
the still-bizarrely underrated "Syriana," signed on as a director in 2015.

The production shot in Albuquerque, N.M. (which played Reno), Thailand (which
played Indonesia) and New York City (which played itself ). Thailand was by far
the hardest part of the shoot. The monsoons came early, so the Indonesia scenes
ended up being shot in little bits.

"It would rain two or three times a day," McConaughey said, "so if it was dry,
you shoot a scene that's supposed to be dry. If it started raining, you'd go to
a completely different scene that was set up for rain and work on that. All of
that was pretty from the hip."

One day, the rains erased the set entirely. "We walked out to where we left the
set the night before, and Gaghan and I are like, 'I know we're in the same
spot,'" McConaughey said. "Gaghan said, 'What's that down there?' and the set
had been blown way down the mountain."

The language barrier was also a bit of a bump. "There was the director saying
'Action!,' then the assistant director translating 'Action!' to the Thai
assistant director who translates it to all of his departments, so there's about
this eight-second delay after action before you actually could start doing
something," McConaughey said.

But the effort resulted in a fun picture. There's a wonderful scene where Wells
breaks down the difference between having lots of money, which is fine, and
gold, which has a magic of its own and must be dug out of the ground,
obsessively. He makes the latter sound a whole lot more fun.

"The shadiness of the deal is part of the turn-on for guys like Wells,"
McConaughey said. "The gold is pulling it off, the gold is 'See if we can make
it happen,' the gold is 'I'm gonna stick it to the man.' My dad used to say he
would much rather do a shady deal with some fun people than a good deal with a
bunch of straight asses."

Contact Joe Gross at 512-912-5926.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

What Drives the Apartment-Hopper?

BYLINE: Adam Bonislawski

LENGTH: 1454 words


What could be more human than to search for a better home? Is it not that noble
impulse that first drove us down from the trees to the grasses of the savanna
(says the evolutionary biologist moonlighting as a real estate writer), that led
us across the desperate tundra of the Bering land bridge to the New World?

On the other hand: Ugh. Moving is the worst. Probably no one should do it ever,
and we should all just die in whatever apartment we first had when we landed in
New York.

More likely, though, we'll continue to hop around. Rising rents, condo
conversions, failed (or, if you're the optimistic sort, budding) relationships,
kids-the reasons a person might have for moving are legion. And then there are
those rare perverse souls who actually seem to like it, for which the thrill of
something new is sufficient recompense for the hassle of hauling their lives
about the city in a rented U-Haul.

Citi Habitats agent Angel Dominguez has been trying for years to convince a
particular client to stay put and buy an apartment. She's had no luck, in large
part, she said, because the man can't stop moving.

"He moves every single year," she told the Observer. "He just changes up
neighborhoods because he's bored."

When Dominguez first began working with this client, he was living on the Upper
East Side. Then he moved to Hell's Kitchen, looking for a somewhat livelier
location, she said. Hell's Kitchen had too much construction, though, and too
many tourists, and so after a stint there he moved on to the Lower East Side.

Citi Habitats agent Angel Dominguez has been trying for years to convince a
particular client to stay put and buy an apartment. She's had no luck, in large
part, she said, because the man can't stop moving. 'He moves every single year.
He just changes up neighborhoods because he's bored.'

"Since 2012 he's moved every single year," she said. "I've been sending him
[sale] listings just to let him know, 'Look at the tax breaks. Look at what
you're actually paying. A mortgage would be so much cheaper.' But he's still
dragging his feet. Although, he does acknowledge that the listings I sent him
are pretty good."

Susannah Vila founded a company around the notion of frequent moves. Her firm,
Flip, helps match people looking to leave their leases early with others looking
for a new place. To her way of thinking, the trend toward freelance labor will
likely increase the pool of renters for whom flexibility is key.

"They don't have to live in the same place for as long a period of time, so more
people are going to want flexible lease options," Vila said, noting that the
idea was inspired by her own living situation.

"I was living for a period in time in San Francisco, for a period of time in New
York and then a bunch of other cities, and I came out of that at the end of my
20s and I really just wasn't ready to settle down," she said. "In New York I've
had probably like 15 different apartments. I went to NYU. I went to Columbia for
grad school. I lived in the East Village for a while, Brooklyn for a while. I've
definitely been a frequent mover in the past few years."

Three moves a year would be her ideal, Vila said.

What might inspire such intracity wanderlust? Circumstance, of course. (In the
fall of 2013, for instance, a series of exceedingly poor real estate decisions
forced this reporter to move-with a toddler in tow, no less-three times in two
months.) But is there perhaps some deeper psychology at work?

Sure, why not? There are a number of reasons a person might be a serial mover,
said Lynn Saladino, a clinical psychologist who also serves as an in-house
health and wellness consultant at Mirador Real Estate.

For instance, "New apartments often represent a fresh start. If there is
something uncomfortable happening in someone's life, they likely think a
geographic move will help them forget about what was bothering them," said Dr.
Saladino.

"I see this a lot after significant breakups."

'Move people into the city, move them around the city and then when they've had
enough of the city, we move them out of the city.'-Richard Catherall of Lift
Movers

The eternal quest to impress might also be a driving factor, she suggested.
"Location and apartment can equate to status for many people here. New Yorkers
looking for 'the next best thing' may choose to relocate a lot in hope of
constant upgrades."

Most commonly, though, people move because they have to. Life, as they say,
happens.

"I would say, based on what we see every day, 90 percent of people who are
moving frequently are people who are consistently searching for better rent,"
said Richard Catherall of Lift Movers. "Their rents get raised, they have a
certain budget, and because of that they're constantly looking [for apartments
where they] can pay the amount that they've budgeted into their lives."

"You have a lot of younger people who move to the city and scramble to find
their first apartment because they're not used to the real estate market here in
New York," said Sven Wechsler, owner of moving company Sven Moving. "Maybe they
wanted to live in Williamsburg but they couldn't [afford] Williamsburg so they
settled for Eastern Bed-Stuy, and then once they had a little financial footing
they found a place in Williamsburg and jump to that apartment. Then maybe they
didn't get along with their roommates, so they keep moving. Then they get a
girlfriend and they move in with their girlfriend. Then they have a baby, and
they need room for the baby. Then they get divorced...

"Move people into the city, move them around the city and then when they've had
enough of the city, we move them out of the city," he said.

Citi Habitats agent Kevin Kemble has enjoyed a particular intense version of
this story. Since arriving in New York nine years ago his circuit around the
city has taken him from Bed-Stuy to Crown Heights to Clinton Hill to Chelsea
back to Clinton Hill to the West Village back to Clinton Hill again to Windsor
Terrace back yet again to Clinton Hill to, finally, Cobble Hill, where he has
resided since August.

"I'm planning to stay here for at least a year," he said, which might not sound
like all that extraordinary a duration but nonetheless marks a notable departure
from his previous pace of a move every six months.

Roommate shadiness, romantic entanglements, injured friends, Airbnb deals gone
wrong-the reasons for Kemble's many moves run the gamut. One thing remains
constant, though: It's never fun.

"It takes up your whole life," he said. "It costs a lot of money. You have to
pack up everything, clean everything. And it's not like you can go out to dinner
when you're packing up your apartment. It's not like you can hang out with your
friends when you're schlepping things up four flights of stairs."

Simplification is the key to enjoying the nomadic lifestyle, suggested Vila.
"When I think of [Flip's] ideal customer, she doesn't really have a ton of
stuff. She has three duffle bags of clothing that she really loves and wears a
lot and two or three pieces of furniture that she loves, and that's it."

Also, Kemble said, stop moving yourself. "I've never hired movers, but I will
say it right now-this last move to Cobble Hill was it. I will always hire movers
from now on."

Or, instead of actually moving, maybe just enjoy fantasizing about it. (Note:
This approach is unlikely to endear you to your real estate agent.)

"There are more lookers than there are people who actually move," Kemble said.
"People think all of a sudden there's going to be this one apartment that's
going to have everything they want and have the best lease terms. And it usually
never happens like that.

"You think about a brownstone-it's just a big rectangle," he said. "You can only
cut up a rectangle so many different ways, but there are people who walk into
these places expecting them to have some Harry Potter spell on them to where
they're going to open up into this giant loft. I'm just like, 'No, it's a
rectangle. It can only be cut up so much.' "

"I don't know if I have any special insight into the psychology of the serial
mover, but I think a lot of it is [people] always just sort of dreaming of that
perfect apartment," Wechsler said. "And in New York, you can't get the perfect
apartment because, just with the real estate market and the prices, it doesn't
happen."

And even if you can move to a better place, you can't move to a better self.

Wechsler recalled certain repeat customers his company has moved over the years
due to roommate problems.

"They'll say, maybe, 'These people are terrible! They're psycho! They won't
leave me alone!' " he said. "But then by the third time you're moving them and
they're still saying that, you're like, 'Well, you know, maybe the problem is
you.' "


LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 15, 2015 Friday 10:32 AM GMT

Chicago in books: readers' picks;
From mid-century poverty to contemporary love stories via an account of the 1893
World's Fair, here is a roundup of readers' top Chicago literature. Add your own
thoughts below the lineDid you miss last week's blog about Chicago in books?
Catch up hereWhat cities or places would you like to see covered next? Tell us
in the comments

BYLINE: Marta Bausells and Guardian readers

SECTION: BOOKS

LENGTH: 1955 words


It's a city of gangsters, a cradle of the blues, but if you want to explore
Chicago there's no better place to start than with its literature. The Windy
City shaped the imagination of writers from Ernest Hemingway to Saul Bellow,
from Philip Roth to Philip K Dick. Charlotte Jones laid out a few key
coordinates when she described Chicago as " the unexpected cultural centre of
European modernism " and asked you to tell us your favourite books about
Chicago. We've assembled the best recommendations, but feel free to keep on
adding the books which capture the spirit of Chicago in the comments section
below.

1. Native Son by Richard Wright (1940)

Native Son tells the story of young Bigger Thomas, a black American living in
poverty and crime on the south side. An immediate hit when it first came out,
selling 250,000 copies within three weeks of publication, this protest novel
tackles the social conditions resulting from poverty like few others. Gary Daily
said: "The poetry in the blues, one of Chicago's most profound hand-me-down
gifts to the world, should not be missed. BB King, Howlin' Wolf, Muddy Waters
came out of the South to Chicago's south side and music was changed forever. And
the same course was followed by Richard Wright, the author of one half of a
masterpiece, Native Son."

In quotes from the book:

Violence is a personal necessity for the oppressed... It is not a strategy
consciously devised. It is the deep, instinctive expression of a human being
denied individuality.

They hate because they fear, and they fear because they feel that the deepest
feelings of their lives are being assaulted and outraged. And they do not know
why; they are powerless pawns in a blind play of social forces.

2. The Studs Lonigan trilogy by James T Farrell (1932-35)

This book comprises the three novels James T Farrell wrote at the time of the
Great Depression: Young Lonigan (1932), The Young Manhood of Studs Lonigan
(1934) and Judgment Day (1935). The trilogy recounts the life of Studs Lonigan,
from youth to death, charting his decline from a kind-hearted, ambitious
teenager to a broken alcoholic, overwhelmed by material and spiritual poverty.
Swelter commented:

No matter how gritty the milieu, stories set in New York City always seem to
have a touch of glamour about them, albeit often out of reach or illusory.
Chicago seems to inspire more consistently tough-minded tales. The Studs Lonigan
Trilogy by James T Farrell is a great novel sequence set in the lower-class
Irish-Catholic community in the 1920s and 30s.

In quotes from the book:

He had come to America, haven of peace and liberty, and it, too, was joining the
slaughter, fighting for the big capitalists. There was no peace for men, only
murder, cruelty, brutality.

So long, Lee. Give our regards to the Kaiser. And tell him there's a few boys on
58th Street who'll throw a party for him if he'll drop around.

They served the rich, and tried to think that they were rich.

3. The Time Traveler's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger (2003)

Chicago isn't just about gritty realism. For phobette, The Time Traveler's Wife
allows the reader "to see the city in a more romantic light". Niffenegger's
debut novel mixes sci-fi and romance as it tells the story of a Chicago
librarian called Henry, who suffers from a genetic disorder which causes him to
jump backwards and forwards in time. It was also recommended by Phil Hanrahan,
Emma Hislop and Yas W.

In quotes from the book:

Chicago has so much excellent architecture that they feel obliged to tear some
of it down now and then and erect terrible buildings just to help us all
appreciate the good stuff.

Outside it's a perfect spring night. We stand on the sidewalk in front of our
apartment building, and Henry takes my hand, and I look at him, and I raise our
joined hands and Henry twirls me around and soon we're dancing down Belle Plaine
Avenue, no music but the sound of cars whooshing by and our own laughter, and
the smell of cherry blossoms that fall like snow on the sidewalk as we dance
underneath the tress.

4. A Raisin in the Sun by Lorraine Hansberry (1959)

This classic inspired an excellent Sidney Poitier film and is still winning
accolades on Broadway, but reading the original play is a delight. Hansberry
tells the story of Walter Lee, a black chauffeur in the south side of Chicago
who is hungry for hope and charts the struggles of his family. The title comes
from Langston Hughes's poem Harlem ("What happens to a dream deferred? / Does it
dry up / like a raisin in the sun?"). According to Camaradeau, it was the "first
book that sprang to my mind... a late product of the Harlem Renaissance-esque
movement... An absorbing story of racial tension and family struggle on the
south side."

In quotes from the book:

Beneatha: You didn't tell us what Alaiyo means... For all I know, you might be
calling me Little Idiot or something. Asagai: It means... It means One for Whom
Bread - Food - Is Not Enough.

At times it will seem that nothing changes at all... and then again... the
sudden dramatic events which make history leap into the future. And then quiet
again. Retrogression even. Guns, murder, revolution. And I even will have
moments when I wonder if the quiet was not better than all that death and
hatred.

Something always told me I wasn't no rich white woman.

5. Gwendolyn Brooks

There's usually one author whose name leaps from your recommendations - this
time it was Gwendolyn Brooks. The first African-American to win the Pulitzer
prize (1950) and to be appointed to the American Academy of Arts and Letters,
she reached the literary stratosphere with her second collection, Annie Allen, a
sequence of poems about a black girl growing up in Chicago. Her reputation as a
poet overshadowed her only novel, Maud Martha (1953) - but you should read it
now, says ID695199. Her work was also recommended by  Gary Daily, Jasmine Davila
and Babadhalgarag.

In quotes from the book:

She was afraid to suggest to him that to most people, nothing "happens". That
most people merely live from day to day until they die. That, after he had been
dead a year, doubtless fewer than five people would think of him oftener than
once a year. That there might even come a year when no one on earth would think
of him at all.

What she wanted was to donate to the world a good Maud Martha. That was the
offering, the bit of art, that could not come from any other. She would polish
and hone that.

6. Studs Terkel's Chicago (1986) and his oral histories

Studs Terkel, radio legend and oral historian, has published several celebrated
oral histories - Working, Race, Coming of Age, Hard Times - all of which are
essential to understanding 20th-century America. Terkel, who took his nickname
from James T Farrell's character, is considered a " master chronicler of
American life in the 20th century, veteran radical and vibrant soul of the
midwestern capital of Chicago". "To register him as 'writer and broadcaster'
would be like calling Louis Armstrong a 'trumpeter' or the Empire State Building
an 'office block'," wrote the Observer's Ed Vulliamy in his obituary. On top of
his essential oral histories, his book Chicago - part memoir, part celebration
of the city - is a must. Recommended by Babadhalgarag, Nicole the Bitter and
Glenn Taylor.

In quotes from the book:

Chicago is not the most corrupt of cities. The state of New Jersey has a couple.
Need we mention Nevada? Chicago, though, is the Big Daddy. Not more corrupt,
just more theatrical, more colorful in its shadiness.

They would sit and talk and tell us their hard luck story. Whether it was true
or not, we never questioned it. It's very important you learn people as people
are.

I'll never forget that Depression Easter Sunday. Our son was four years old. I
bought ten or fifteen cents' worth of eggs. You didn't get too many eggs for
that. But we were down.

7. The Devil in the White City by Erik Larson (2003)

This book is a novelistic retelling of events surrounding the Chicago World's
Fair in 1893. Larson tells the story of the architect behind the fair, Daniel H
Burnham, in parallel with the life of the serial killer Dr HH Holmes, who killed
his victims in a so-called " Murder Castle ". Recommended by Barry Crozier and
Thaizinred.

In quotes from the book:

It was so easy to disappear, so easy to deny knowledge, so very easy in the
smoke and din to mask that something dark had taken root. This was Chicago, on
the eve of the greatest fair in history.

Beneath the gore and smoke and loam, this book is about the evanescence of life,
and why some men choose to fill their brief allotment of time engaging the
impossible, others in the manufacture of sorrow. In the end it is a story of the
ineluctable conflict between good and evil, daylight and darkness, the White
City and the Black.

I must confess a shameful secret: I love Chicago best in the cold.

Place has always been important to me, and one thing today's Chicago exudes, as
it did in 1893, is a sense of place. I fell in love with the city, the people I
encountered, and above all the lake and its moods, which shift so readily from
season to season, day to day, even hour to hour.

8. Chicago by Alaa Al Aswany (2007)

This novel, written by Egyptian dentist and journalist Alaa Al Aswany, tells the
story of a group of Egyptian postgraduate students at the University of Illinois
exploring their relationships and the difficulties they face in the city. It
depicts the racism of post-9/11 Chicago as well as the corruption of the
political regime back in their home country. A good novel both for an unusual
take on the city and America and for a fascinating insight into Egypt before the
Arab spring. It was recommended by TripFiction.

In quotes from the book:

Many do not know that chicago is not an English word but rather Algonquian, one
of several languages that Native Americans spoke. In that language chicago meant
'strong smell'.

9. Sister Carrie by Theodore Dreiser (1900)

The ultimate story of the American dream, as pursued by a young girl who moves
from the country to Chicago. According to Robert McCrum it's one of the 100 best
novels written in English. "In some ways it's crude and heavy-handed, blazing
with coarse indignation, but in its day it was, creatively speaking, a
game-changer," he says. Sinclair Lewis, the US's first Nobel laureate, said that
it "came to housebound and airless America like a great free Western wind, and
to our stuffy domesticity gave us the first fresh air since Mark Twain and
Whitman". Readers Benjamin Dreyer and Emma Hislop recommended it.

In quotes from the book:

When Caroline Meeber boarded the afternoon train for Chicago, her total outfit
consisted of a small trunk, a cheap imitation alligator-skin satchel, a small
lunch in a paper box, and a yellow leather snap purse, containing her ticket, a
scrap of paper with her sister's address in Van Buren Street, and four dollars
in money.

A half-equipped little knight she was, venturing to reconnoiter the mysterious
city and dreaming wild dreams of some vague, far-off supremacy, which should
make it prey and subject - the proper penitent, groveling at a woman's slipper.

What have we missed? Add it in the comment thread below.                     And
while you're at it, tell us what cities and places you would like us to tackle
next. You can email your ideas and suggestions to marta.bausells@theguardian.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2015 Tuesday

New York: New York: In 'Shrinks,' Jeffrey A. Lieberman with Ogi Ogas explore the
history of psychiatry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus
Share via Email More Options Resize Text

LENGTH: 1333  words

DATELINE: Albany


Columbia University, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

In May, protesters plan to demonstrate outside the annual meeting of the
American Psychiatric Association (APA) -- as they've done for the past 47 years.
They'll hold signs saying things like "The mental illness industry is a danger
to society" and "Don't mess with my brain." Half of all Americans will
experience mental illness at some point -- nearly a fifth in any one year. And
yet many will never seek treatment, based in part on a fear or misunderstanding
of psychiatry. As a result, people will suffer, sometimes die, and occasionally
take others with them. At the APA, it's the protesters who appear to be the
larger danger to society.

Perhaps I'm biased, since without psychiatry I might not be alive. As a teenager
my depression nearly got the upper hand before I was saved by drugs -- a one-two
punch of tricyclic antidepressants and tryptamine psychedelics -- and I continue
to find better living through chemistry. But I confront a nagging question:
Which is the real me, the more content one on drugs or the less content one off
them? Such existential queries -- whether a disease is inherent or a treatment
artificial -- haunt me daily as my meds rise and fall in my bloodstream.


"Shrinks: The Untold Story of Psychiatry" by Jeffrey A. Lieberman and Ogi Ogas
(Little, Brown/Handout image)
But I've learned that those questions are not particularly helpful. What matters
is not "Which is the real me?" but rather "Which me do I prefer?" Modern
psychiatry cuts through philosophy and offers tools for improving one's daily
functioning. If you want to be a certain way, it can help you get there. No
blaming and no handwringing.

Yet the profession inspires fears that aren't completely baseless. Not long ago,
psychiatrists weren't much different from the barber-surgeons of Medieval Europe
who relied on leeches and spoke of humors. For the first half of the 20th
century, shrinks -- a.k.a. headshrinkers, for their purported likeness to witch
doctors -- gave their patients malaria for psychosis, induced hypoglycemic comas
for schizophrenia and scrambled brain matter via lobotomies for everything under
the sun. And these were the effective treatments. "The fact that the Nobel
committee [honored] malaria cures and lobotomies underscores the desperation for
any form of treatment for mental illness," Jeffrey Lieberman writes in his new
book, "Shrinks."

Lieberman isn't another muckraker trolling the profession: He's the chair of
psychiatry at Columbia University and a former president of the APA. He may be
raking up some old muck, but for good cause: "The only way psychiatrists can
demonstrate just how we have hoisted ourselves from the murk," he writes, "is to
first own up to our long history of missteps." And he (with help from Ogi Ogas)
tells this history in engaging and authoritative detail.

Many people reject psychiatry on the grounds that diagnosis is hogwash, at best
subjective guesswork and at worst the pathologizing of healthy behavior. In
1961, the psychiatrist Thomas Szasz vandalized his profession from the inside
with his still-in-print book "The Myth of Mental Illness," wherein he alleged
that psychiatry is a pseudo-science, the troubled don't need to be "cured" so
much as taught responsibility for their actions, and dangerous behavior can be
categorized as eccentricity. (He later joined forces with Scientology.)

The same year, the sociologist Erving Goffman published "Asylums," arguing that
psychiatric diagnosis was just a tool of societal control. In 1973, the journal
Science published a study called "On Being Sane in Insane Places," in which
healthy volunteers arrived at several mental hospitals to see whether they'd be
needlessly admitted, and many were raising a public outcry that the profession
didn't know what it was doing. (Never mind that the impostors had falsely
complained on arrival of hearing voices.) All these arguments resonate today. It
doesn't help that homosexuality was once a diagnosable condition, as was
"drapetomania," the desire of a slave to seek freedom.

The problem of diagnosis is now less daunting, thanks to the Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. "The DSM might just be the most
influential book written in the past century," Lieberman writes, possibly
without exaggeration. The document shapes mental health care, the insurance
industry, scientific research, pharmaceutical investment, workers' compensation,
criminal law, parenting, schooling and the military. It guides our very
definitions of sickness and illness, so central to our views of ourselves and
humanity. The third edition, in particular, was revolutionary when it was
released in 1980, for it ignored the causes of illness, using hard data to focus
solely on observable symptoms. Mother issues became irrelevant, and doctors
could now agree on what they saw.

Per the claim that doctors see all behavior as illness, the way a man with a
hammer sees everything as a nail, Lieberman writes, "Perhaps the strongest piece
of evidence that psychiatry is not trying to pathologize ordinary behaviors can
be found in the changing number of diagnoses": The current DSM has 265, down
from the previous version's 297.

People also fear psychiatric treatments, calling them useless or worse. In
addition to brain-scramblers, the 20th century saw fraudulent attempts to rid
the body of energies called "orgones," a profession overrun with devout
Freudians and fears that Ritalin was damaging children's brains. (Possibly, but
I've taken it most of my life and can still write a sentence.) But we now have
safe, targeted medications for many mental illnesses, evidence-based
psychotherapies such as cognitive behavioral therapy, and new technologies such
as transcranial magnetic stimulation and deep brain stimulation. And so with
research-backed theories and methods, psychiatry now more closely resembles a
science -- no longer, as Lieberman puts it, "the unwanted stepchild of
medicine."

Other complaints levied against the field focus on money. Pharmaceutical
companies, for instance, spend billions of dollars lobbying government agencies,
advertising to consumers and buying influence with doctors. Lieberman stays away
from all this, perhaps because the truth is messier than he would like or
perhaps because the influence-peddling detracts little from psychiatry's net
benefit.

But belief in psychiatry's impotence, malevolence or shadiness is not all that
keeps people away. Shame and accusation will always attach to diseases of the
mind. Robin Williams drew ire along with sympathy when he killed himself. "Today
the single greatest hindrance to treatment is not any gap in scientific
knowledge or shortcoming in medical capability," Lieberman writes, "but the
social stigma."

That stigma may hit hardest those soldiers suffering from PTSD: Among soldiers
fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan, fewer have died in battle than from suicide.
Attributing our thoughts and behaviors to the meat in our heads may make
scientific sense, but reducing personal frailties to biological afflictions goes
against strong intuitions and norms that place free will at the center of the
person. It's hard not to blame people -- oneself included -- for their
imperfections.

One of the most important frontiers for psychiatry may not be on the couch but
in the community. Mental health professionals, Lieberman writes, need to engage
with people in schools, businesses and primary-care offices. To convince them
that mental illness is a medical condition like any other -- nothing to be
ashamed of -- and, further, that it can be treated.

Some of the APA picketers may have valid grievances from their personal pasts.
But whether you believe in orgones, Oedipus or the Operating Thetans of
Scientology, you would probably benefit from a chat with your friendly
neighborhood shrink.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 5, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

College football has lost its conscience

BYLINE: PHIL MILLER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1522 words



HIGHLIGHT: When the stakes are high, and there is a feeling of entitlement,
big-time programs -- Ohio State is today's headline -- push the rules out of the
picture.


Everyone does it, that's what you hear. Jim Tressel pours gasoline all over his
college football coaching career and lights a match, all because he tried to
cover up some petty rule-breaking by his Ohio State players, and the consensus
is the same around the country: See? Everyone does it.

But it's just not true, Gerry DiNardo insists.

"Everybody wishes they were doing it," the former Louisiana State and Indiana
coach said with a laugh. "It means they're signing the best recruits."

DiNardo, now an analyst for the Big Ten Network, is only half-joking. Cheating
in college football, from $100 handshakes by boosters to no-show summer jobs to
blatant selling of recruits, sometimes seems endemic to the sport, and
see-no-evil coaches are the inevitable corollary. And if anyone doubted that
ethical dishonesty is as widespread as the West Coast offense, the past eight
months should suffice as Corruption 101.

Tressel's Watergate-style stonewalling and Nixon-esque fall -- it was the
coverup, not the crime, that cost him his job -- is the zenith of a year of
scandal that already ranked as the worst in recent history. Each revelation of
greed and crookedness seemed to be trumped by another a few days later, from
player payoffs to a bowl scandal to recruiting irregularities, an avalanche of
atrocities that prompted Penn State coach Joe Paterno to fret after 45 years on
the sidelines, "I'm worried about the game."

Lots of people are.

"It certainly shakes one's confidence in the sport. I can't remember this many
so-called scandals in such a short period," said Rick Bay, a longtime sports
executive who served as athletic director at both Ohio State (1984-87) and
Minnesota (1989-91). "There's more pressure, I believe, each year in terms of
being successful, of winning. Nobody's immune to it, but it's still disquieting
to see it infect the top programs in the sport."

Doesn't get more "top of the sport" than No. 1 vs. No. 2. The BCS championship
game essentially symbolized the season it capped, pitting Auburn -- whose
Heisman-winning quarterback, Cam Newton, claimed not to know that his father,
Cecil, asked Mississippi State for $180,000 for his signature on a letter of
intent -- against Oregon --which paid $25,000 to a recruiting "consultant" who
allegedly had been shopping high-profile recruits among top programs.

"It was the perfect matchup," said Dan Wetzel, co-author of "Death to the BCS,"
a point-by-point indictment of the sport's championship structure. "Money vs.
money."

One headline after another

But it was hardly the only indicator of an integrity-challenged sport:

-Reggie Bush returned the Heisman Trophy he won in 2005 after evidence was
corroborated that USC boosters were providing his family with cash and even a
house.

-A North Carolina assistant resigned and seven Tar Heels players were suspended
after admitting illegal contact with an agent. Players at Georgia, Alabama and
South Carolina were also suspended for similar violations, usually involving
selling tickets or memorabilia or accepting gifts.

-Four former Auburn players revealed during an investigation by cable network
HBO that they were provided with several thousand dollars in cash while playing
for the Tigers.

-A Sports Illustrated investigation found 56 players with criminal records for
violent crimes on the rosters of preseason Top 25 teams, and few schools
interested in doing background checks.

-Fiesta Bowl executive director John Junker resigned after directing bowl
employees to donate to political candidates and reimbursing them for the
donations, a violation of federal campaign law. Junker is now under federal
investigation.

-And then there's Ohio State, where, last December, five players were suspended
for five games of the 2011 season -- yet were somehow declared eligible for the
Sugar Bowl -- after federal agents investigating a drug ring discovered they had
been selling Buckeyes memorabilia in exchange for tattoos, a breach of NCAA
rules. Tressel was warned about the violation via e-mail, but rather than
reporting it as he was required to, he denied any knowledge to the school and
NCAA investigators. His resignation Monday was the result.

"Jim Tressel is a good guy -- he was our quarterbacks coach when I was athletic
director -- but it's clear he made some poor judgments," Bay said. "I don't
blame people for being disillusioned."

Disillusioned perhaps, but determined, too? Will the season of shame prompt real
reform?

"There are two great myths in American sports," author and sportswriter Frank
DeFord scoffed on National Public Radio earlier this year. "No. 1: Next year
soccer will finally catch on in America. And No. 2: Next year, college
presidents will finally clean up college sports."

Good line, but the reason for the skepticism is simple: College football is a
billion-dollar business. And money talks.

"You need major changes, but the people that would do the reforming are the ones
making the most money. So why would they reform it?" asked Wetzel, national
columnist for Yahoo! sports. "Ohio State had one of the highest-paid coaches in
the country, the highest-paid athletic director and the highest-paid university
president. Where's the incentive to change? Everyone involved is getting really,
really wealthy. We may say the system is corrupt, but I guarantee most of the
people in it like things just the way they are."

That includes the fans, in most cases. "The public has always engaged in a
willing suspension of disbelief about college athletics," said Murray Sperber,
visiting professor at the University of California's graduate school of
education and author of several books on athletic departments. "So the school
tries to maintain an image of purity, and meanwhile there's a whole Kabuki
theater going on behind the scenes."

NCAA is overwhelmed

Violations of the NCAA rule book, which is more than 1,000 pages long, with
impossible-to-understand contortions and complications, happen every day.
Boosters pick up tabs in restaurants, coaches make a recruiting call during a
dead period, and the NCAA's 38-member enforcement staff, with fewer than a dozen
assigned to cover the 120 schools that play football at the highest level, is
outmanned. And that's before you factor in academic requirements and the fraud
they can generate.

"The NCAA can find some cheating, but they're not going to get everybody," said
Bay, whose programs were never investigated while he was AD. "It's so widespread
that when schools get caught, one of their first lines of defense is that
everybody does it."

And not everybody does, DiNardo said. He coached Vanderbilt and Indiana, and had
few rule-breaking worries. He coached at LSU, with higher expectations and more
competitive recruiting, and realized how difficult it is to keep players from
temptation. "Elite programs have always had tough rosters to manage, because the
players feel entitled. It's just reality, though I do think it's gotten worse,"
he said. "I think we're at a crossroads now in college football."

A crossroads brings opportunity, and several proposals have been floated lately,
from rewriting (and simplifying) the NCAA rule book to allowing the biggest
conferences to break away and simply impose their own, presumably less strict,
rules.

DiNardo has a few suggestions of his own: Convince high schools to ban
seven-on-seven football "camps" that recently have begun morphing into meat
markets for football talent, similar to the way AAU basketball has fueled
recruiting shadiness. Convince the NFL to help fund a developmental league for
players who have no interest in college. Make punishments for violators more
severe -- reduce conference revenue-sharing checks, ban teams from TV, make deep
cuts in scholarship numbers -- and have them follow coaches, "so if you cheat,
nobody else will hire you."

One idea that could gain traction, mostly because Jim Delany, the powerful Big
Ten commissioner, suggested studying it: Adding stipends to the
room-board-books-and-tuition that scholarship players currently receive. Small
payments to players -- South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier this week advocated a
$300 payment per game, an expense of less than $300,000 per school -- could
discourage illegal payments, the idea goes, and provide a more normal collegiate
lifestyle.

It's too early to tell whether those proposals will lead to any changes, or even
whether such a program could pass muster with Title IX, which mandates equal
opportunity for athletes of both genders.

Bay believes renewed watchfulness, perhaps by an expanded staff of
investigators, is the most realistic response. "We just have to be vigilant,"
the retired athletic director said. "It's too easy to rationalize and turn a
blind eye. When you start telling yourself nothing is happening, that's when
you've got problems."

With so much money at stake, though, the possibility of true, meaningful reform
still seems remote, even amid all the scandals.

"You know how banks were too big to fail during the mortgage crisis? College
football is too big to fail," said Sperber, the college professor. "People say
they want reform. But they want football more. A lot more."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 28, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

British theater finds Americana the beautiful Styles merging like never before

BYLINE: David Patrick Stearns

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1366 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON -- There's been lots of British theater visiting the USA
this year, but anyone worried about the competition can rest assured
that an American invasion -- with a twist -- is happening here.

The difference is that it's not just hit American shows -- Rent
and Chicago, for instance, both settling in for long
West End runs. It's Brit shows with an American sensibility, such
as Andrew Lloyd Webber's Whistle Down the Wind, set in
Louisiana rather than in rural England (like the film it's based
on).

Even the usually high-toned Royal National Theatre of Great Britain
is steeped in Americana: Its Oklahoma! uses a creative
team of Brits (director Trevor Nunn) and Yanks (choreographer
Susan Stroman).

Almeida Theater successfully wrestles with Eugene O'Neill's four-hour
barroom drama The Iceman Cometh, written as a microcosm
of the human condition. But it's Kevin Spacey who makes it a hit;
he's giving the performance of his life as the death-haunted reformed
alcoholic Hickey, projecting the charisma of an evangelist and
the fast-talking shadiness of a car salesman.


British and U.S. theater are merging as never before. Virtually
anything in London is a candidate for transfer to New York. The
Almeida production of Racine's Phedre, starring Diana Rigg,
is now only in rehearsals, but it's already a good possibility
for Broadway next year.

That's partly because each city has something the other wants.
London theater offers erudition, as exemplified by the National
Theatre's production of Ibsen's An Enemy of the People,
now playing in Los Angeles starring Ian McKellen. On the reverse
end, the Inventing America festival at London's Barbican Centre
is getting an injection of abrasive Yank humor via The Man
Who Came to Dinner, starring John Mahoney (TV's Frasier)
in a production from Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre.

There's also a business element. In the '80s, British megamusicals
like Les Miserables transformed and enlarged the business
of theater in America. But there haven't been many megahits in
London lately, and now the vacuum is being filled by lightweight,
American-influenced shows that are more like concerts with dialogue
than musical plays.

The latest is Saturday Night Fever at the London Palladium.
Teen-age girls squeal at the sight of John Travolta surrogate
Adam Garcia, who plays the Brooklynite for whom disco contests
are an exit from his bleak life. With a face like John Kennedy
Jr. and the flexible body of some hybrid invertebrate, he wiggles,
struts and delivers the choreographic glitz that makes this show
the guiltiest pleasure in London. The production, steeped in inner-city
atmosphere, is urban chic for those not ready for Rent.

In shows of all level of artistic credibility, American settings
seem to offer possibilities, even mystery. In the case of Lloyd
Webber's Whistle Down the Wind, the locale makes an oddball
plot plausible. A musical about a girl who finds an escaped murderer
in her barn and mistakes him for Jesus makes a certain amount
of sense when it's set in the Bible Belt. The result is characters
you can care about.

As unpromising as critics felt the show was during an unsuccessful
tryout last year in Washington, this much-revised version (with
director Gail Edwards replacing Harold Prince) shows Lloyd Webber
exploring harder-edged music with more dramatic specificity. At
times, he seems to be near writing the great musical he's always
promised to; he even risks controversy by introducing an element
of sexual tension between the convict (Marcus Lovett) and the
girl (Lottie Mayor).

Then he reverts to the bathos-steeped techniques of old, weighing
down a delicate story with more music than it can bear and simply
turning up the volume when loose ends aren't tied up. But even
as it stands, Whistle is a vast improvement over Sunset
Boulevard -- and just a revision away from true excellence.

Oklahoma! offers the most famous Western setting of all.
Leave it to the British, who've long shown a knack for improving
on foreign cultural endeavors, to rediscover what made the show
work originally -- and then move it forward to speak more directly
to our times.

In the National Theatre production, director Nunn finds surprising
dramatic viability in what can often seen like cartoon Americana.
The cat-and-mouse romantic games of cowboy Curly and farm girl
Laurey are hugely endearing when played as the inept confusion
of hormonal youth. Such fleshed-out characters mean the songs
are enlivened and refreshed, and so the tunes do what they were
written to do -- heighten the reality that's already onstage.

Dance takes the show to yet another level, especially when it's
as fresh as Crazy for You choreographer Stroman's is here.
No production I've seen (not even the 1955 movie) incorporates
dance so seamlessly, partly because dancers don't replace the
actors in the famous Act 1 dream ballet. Indeed, this production's
Laurey is Josefina Gabrielle, a National Ballet of Portugal soloist
who's also a real star in matters involving singing and acting.

Though the National has been criticized for mounting a show as
commercial as Oklahoma!, it's the rare profit-driven endeavor
that's this careful, resourceful and satisfying. Take Doctor
Dolittle, now a stage musical that recycles the lifeless songs
and creaky script Leslie Bricusse wrote for the 1967 film starring
Rex Harrison. Even Jim Henson's state-of-the-art animatronics
can't save the day: Few things are less engaging onstage than
fake animals. The one source of wit is Julie Andrews, who provides
the pre-recorded voice of the parrot Polynesia. By comparison,
TV personality Phillip Schofield is pale and passive in the title
role.

If  Dolittle proves that a gimmick isn't enough to successfully
revive a well-worn property, Steppenwolf's Man Who Came to
Dinner, with Mahoney as the bitchy, high-living radio personality
Sheridan Whiteside, proves the same about a star -- particularly
one mired in an unevenly cast, routinely directed production.
What's needed is an idea. That's precisely what drives the unlikely
revival of The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie, starring an incandescent
Fiona Shaw at the National Theatre.

The 1969 film version, which won Maggie Smith an Oscar, casts
a long shadow, and the story, about a free-thinking Scottish teacher
who idolizes heroes (but includes Mussolini in her definition),
begs for thoughtful revision. Veteran American dramatist Jay Presson
Allen, who originally adapted the Muriel Spark novel, was pressed
into service; creaky theatrical devices were dropped, simplistic
relationships made subtle, and most provocatively, the element
of child abuse -- embodied by an art professor who beds Brodie's
student -- was made more pungent, less coy.

The play emerges new, relevant and never requiring nostalgia for
the original to engage audiences. Viewers may disagree with interpretive
decisions made here, but this a model -- for both sides of the
Atlantic -- of how revivals can divorce their pasts for the sake
of better futures.



Getting tickets

Buying London theater tickets from the USA might seem daunting
-- but it can be easy.

Agencies can get you seats for hot shows. You can book through
one, the Fenchurch Agency, at Playbill Online (www.playbill.com)
or by phone at 011-44-171-401-3732. But in some cases agencies
will hold tickets for pickup at their London offices; Fenchurch's
is far from the West End theater district.

Many people book their own tickets. Big U.S. newsstands carry
London newspapers, which publish theater listings and box office
phone numbers; calling direct will save money. The best resource,
though, is the London edition of the entertainment magazine Time
Out or its Web site at www.timeout.co.uk.

Some, of course, prefer to shop on the spur of the moment. If
that's you, head for Leicester Square, the heart of the theater
district, where seats for same-day shows come at big discounts.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Michael Le Poer Trench (2); PHOTO, B/W, Michael Brosilow

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              192 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              June 7, 2011 Tuesday

Is college football doomed?

BYLINE: Phil Miller

LENGTH: 1545 words


Everyone does it, that's what you hear. Jim Tressel pours  gasoline all over his
college football coaching career and lights a  match, all because he tried to
cover up some petty rule-breaking by his  Ohio State players, and the consensus
is the same around the country:  See? Everyone does it.

But it's just not true, Gerry DiNardo insists.

"Everybody wishes they were doing it," the former LSU and Indiana coach  said
with a laugh. "It means they're signing the best recruits."

DiNardo, now an analyst for the Big Ten Network, is only half-joking.  Cheating
in college football, from $100 handshakes by boosters to  no-show summer jobs to
blatant selling of recruits, sometimes seems  endemic to the sport, and
see-no-evil coaches are the inevitable  corollary. And if anyone doubted that
ethical dishonesty is as  widespread as the West Coast offense, the past eight
months should  suffice as Corruption 101.

Tressel's Watergate-style  stonewalling and Nixon-esque fall ? it was the
coverup, not the crime,  that cost him his job ? is the zenith of a year of
scandal that already  ranked as the worst in recent history. Each revelation of
greed and  crookedness seemed to be trumped by another a few days later, from
player payoffs to a bowl scandal to recruiting irregularities, an  avalanche of
atrocities that prompted Penn State coach Joe Paterno to  fret after 45 years on
the sidelines, "I'm worried about the game."

Lots of people are.

"It certainly shakes one's confidence in the sport. I can't remember  this many
so-called scandals in such a short period," said Rick Bay, a  longtime sports
executive who served as athletic director at both Ohio  State (1984-87) and
Minnesota (1989-91). "There's more pressure, I  believe, each year in terms of
being successful, of winning. Nobody's  immune to it, but it's still disquieting
to see it infect the top  programs in the sport."

Doesn't get more "top of the sport"  than No. 1 vs. No. 2. The BCS championship
game essentially symbolized  the season it capped, pitting Auburn -- whose
Heisman-winning  quarterback, Cam Newton, claimed not to know that his father,
Cecil,  asked Mississippi State for $180,000 for his signature on a letter of
intent ? against Oregon ? which paid $25,000 to a recruiting  "consultant" who
allegedly had been shopping high-profile recruits among  top programs.

"It was the perfect matchup," said Dan Wetzel,  co-author of "Death to the BCS,"
a point-by-point indictment of the  sport's championship structure. "Money vs.
money."

One headline after another

But it was hardly the only indicator of an integrity-challenged sport:

o Reggie Bush returned the Heisman Trophy he won in 2005 after evidence  was
corroborated that USC boosters were providing his family with cash  and even a
house.

o A North Carolina assistant resigned and  seven Tar Heels players were
suspended after admitting illegal contact  with an agent. Players at Georgia,
Alabama and South Carolina were also  suspended for similar violations, usually
involving selling tickets or  memorabilia or accepting gifts.

o Four former Auburn players  revealed during an investigation by cable network
HBO that they were  provided with several thousand dollars in cash while playing
for the  Tigers.

o A Sports Illustrated investigation found 56 players  with criminal records for
violent crimes on the rosters of preseason Top  25 teams, and few schools
interested in doing background checks.

o Fiesta Bowl executive director John Junker resigned after directing  bowl
employees to donate to political candidates and reimbursing them  for the
donations, a violation of federal campaign law. Junker is now  under federal
investigation.

o And then there's Ohio State,  where, last December, five players were
suspended for five games of the  2011 season -- yet were somehow declared
eligible for the Sugar Bowl --  after federal agents investigating a drug ring
discovered they had been  selling Buckeyes memorabilia in exchange for tattoos,
a breach of NCAA  rules. Tressel was warned about the violation via e-mail, but
rather  than reporting it as he was required to, he denied any knowledge to the
school and NCAA investigators. His resignation Monday was the result.

"Jim Tressel is a good guy ? he was our quarterbacks coach when I was  athletic
director ? but it's clear he made some poor judgments," Bay  said. "I don't
blame people for being disillusioned."

Disillusioned perhaps, but determined, too? Will the season of shame prompt real
reform?

"There are two great myths in American sports," author and sportswriter  Frank
DeFord scoffed on National Public Radio earlier this year. "No.  1: Next year
soccer will finally catch on in America. And No. 2: Next  year, college
presidents will finally clean up college sports."

Good line, but the reason for the skepticism is simple: College football is a
billion-dollar business. And money talks.

"You need major changes, but the people that would do the reforming are  the
ones making the most money. So why would they reform it?" asked  Wetzel,
national columnist for Yahoo! sports. "Ohio State had one of the  highest-paid
coaches in the country, the highest-paid athletic director  and the highest-paid
university president. Where's the incentive to  change? Everyone involved is
getting really, really wealthy. We may say  the system is corrupt, but I
guarantee most of the people in it like  things just the way they are."

That includes the fans, in most  cases. "The public has always engaged in a
willing suspension of  disbelief about college athletics," said Murray Sperber,
visiting  professor at the University of California's graduate school of
education  and author of several books on athletic departments. "So the school
tries to maintain an image of purity, and meanwhile there's a whole  Kabuki
theater going on behind the scenes."

NCAA is overwhelmed

Violations of the NCAA rule book, which is more than 1,000 pages long,  with
impossible-to-understand contortions and complications, happen  every day.
Boosters pick up tabs in restaurants, coaches make a  recruiting call during a
dead period, and the NCAA's 38-member  enforcement staff, with fewer than a
dozen assigned to cover the 120  schools that play football at the highest
level, is outmanned. And  that's before you factor in academic requirements and
the fraud they can  generate.

"The NCAA can find some cheating, but they're not  going to get everybody," said
Bay, whose programs were never  investigated while he was AD. "It's so
widespread that when schools get  caught, one of their first lines of defense is
that everybody does it."

And not everybody does, DiNardo said. He coached Vanderbilt and  Indiana, and
had few rule-breaking worries. He coached at LSU, with  higher expectations and
more competitive recruiting, and realized how  difficult it is to keep players
from temptation. "Elite programs have  always had tough rosters to manage,
because the players feel entitled.  It's just reality, though I do think it's
gotten worse," he said. "I  think we're at a crossroads now in college
football."

A  crossroads brings opportunity, and several proposals have been floated
lately, from rewriting (and simplifying) the NCAA rule book to allowing  the
biggest conferences to break away and simply impose their own,  presumably less
strict, rules.

DiNardo has a few suggestions of  his own: Convince high schools to ban
seven-on-seven football "camps"  that recently have begun morphing into meat
markets for football talent,  similar to the way AAU basketball has fueled
recruiting shadiness.  Convince the NFL to help fund a developmental league for
players who  have no interest in college. Make punishments for violators more
severe ? reduce conference revenue-sharing checks, ban teams from TV, make  deep
cuts in scholarship numbers ? and have them follow coaches, "so if  you cheat,
nobody else will hire you."

One idea that could  gain traction, mostly because Jim Delany, the powerful Big
Ten  commissioner, suggested studying it: Adding stipends to the
room-board-books-and-tuition that scholarship players currently receive.  Small
payments to players ? South Carolina coach Steve Spurrier this  week advocated a
$300 payment per game, an expense of less than $300,000  per school ? could
discourage illegal payments, the idea goes, and  provide a more normal
collegiate lifestyle.

It's too early to  tell whether those proposals will lead to any changes, or
even whether  such a program could pass muster with Title IX, which mandates
equal  opportunity for athletes of both genders.

Bay believes renewed  watchfulness, perhaps by an expanded staff of
investigators, is the most  realistic response. "We just have to be vigilant,"
the retired athletic  director said. "It's too easy to rationalize and turn a
blind eye. When  you start telling yourself nothing is happening, that's when
you've got  problems."

With so much money at stake, though, the  possibility of true, meaningful reform
still seems remote, even amid all  the scandals.

"You know how banks were too big to fail during  the mortgage crisis? College
football is too big to fail," said Sperber,  the college professor. "People say
they want reform. But they want  football more. A lot more."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 12, 1994, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

OF TIME, CHANGE AND THE LAND

BYLINE: Robert W. Duffy Cultural News Editor of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1272 words


YOU catch a glimmer of what Andy Goldsworthy's art is about when you walk
through the galleries of the museum at Laumeier Sculpture Park this summer. But
if you want to see where his art lives, you have to follow the creek deep down
into the Laumeier woods.

It's down there, in a forest thick with hickory and oak trees, that the young
British artist has built three stone structures and, on a limestone ledge that
he claimed as his own, he has created a series of works of art that come and go
like the seasons or cloud formations or the water in the creek.

Goldsworthy was born and reared in the north of England. Nowadays, he has a
place in Dumfriesshire in the southwest part of Scotland, just above the English
county of Cumbria. When he was a boy, he worked on farms, and he believes that
that work was as important to him as any formal schooling he ever had.

"I began working on farms as a 13- and 14-year-old," he said. "The richness of
those experiences formed me as an artist."

If you know the land where he was reared and then happen to find yourself
looking at his work, you might guess his origins. You might also figure out
sources of inspiration for his art.

The north of England is veined by walls and punctuated by buildings constructed
of stones laid together with such precision that they stand resolutely together
without the benefit of mortar. These structures have a stark, ragged, uneven
beauty - observable up close and from distances great and small. They're part of
an ancient tradition of building, one that has more than adequately met the
tests of time and demands of utility.

On six visits to Laumeier since 1991, Goldsworthy has not made any attempt to
transform a Midwestern park's landscape into a little bit of Britain. But he has
marked it with works of art, of both enduring and transitory natures, that refer
to the land of his homeland and to some of its man-made characteristics.

The most obvious relationship to England is in work constructed of stone. There
are three of these sculptures at the park now. The connection to England is more
subtle in work that he created the week before last in the sculpture park's
museum, and over the past few years, on that limestone outcropping that
cantilevers over the nameless creek down in the woods.

There are three sculptures, or constructions, in the gallery. In the large
sunroom in front there is a long, graceful branch that has been encased in a
glove of clay. Over the life of the show, which runs through Aug. 7, the clay
will harden, then crack, and most of it will probably fall off the branch onto
the floor.

Change - subtle, dramatic, gradual and abrupt - fascinates Goldsworthy and is
central to his art. He chose the tree branch he used to show how a thing changes
especially for its task. Goldsworthy said that he searched through the woods for
just the right branch: one that was not, in any way, special or unusual.

"I wanted the archetypal branch," he said - one whose beauty or unusualness
would not overpower the changes happening along its long limbs.

In two other rooms in the museum, Goldsworthy has built small structures that
look like the Navajo dwellings called hogans. Inside one is a stone encased in
clay, rather like a large nut dipped in chocolate. The other houses a sculpture
made of folded hickory leaves held together by twigs and thorns: It is an
artist's nautilus.

These structures look solid at first, but if you put your eyes close you can see
through them and discover the presence of the leaf sculpture or the clay-covered
stone.

Goldsworthy believes that art is a way of revealing the world. And to emphasize
art's revelatory qualities, he sometimes hides things so that when a discovery
is made it is more dramatic and probably more wonderful.

Along with these works the gallery has photographs that show some of the moments
in the history of Goldsworthy's stone in the woods.

He admits that not all that goes on with this rock is his doing; he revels in
that truth. He has, on separate occasions, built a dry-stone construction
enclosure for the stone, and has covered it with wet leaves, the arrangement
done the way a roofer would apply slate or shingles to a roof, starting at the
eaves and working up to the top. Nowadays, like the branch and the stone in the
gallery, it is covered in clay.

Or was, the last time I saw it. Although the art begins with whatever
Goldsworthy does to something - a stone or a branch - it is not completed until
after it is left alonefor the natural metamorphoses to occur. Rain, rises in the
creek, cool days, hot days, animals, reptiles, visitors of the human kind - all
alter Goldsworthy's work on the stone.

Some of this - dramatic moments such as a flash flood that whipped past and over
the stone one summer afternoon or the golden sunlit moment when the stone was
plastered with leaves - is shown in photographs. Other moments can be imagined.

Eventually, of course, the stone goes back to being what it has been for
millenniums - a big outcropping of limestone hanging over a creek bed. It has
been given consequence because of the imagination of an artist, and his
veneration, and his feeling driven to do something to the stone, and to do
something else, and to do something still different on another visit.

Goldsworthy said that what has happened over time to this stone gives it
importance enough to mark it with a cairn.

Cairns - the word actually means the top or summit - are humble and basic: a
pile of stones to indicate where something is, or perhaps that someone was.

Over the years, the Laumeier Stone has become a place of pilgrimage for
Goldsworthy. Responding to his past, to land he knows so well, to his love for
nature and his passion for change, he built a cairn to show where the stone is,
and as a way of remembering the work that he has done with it.

"Cairns mark places, and they mark pathways through mountains or fells. They are
also used to mark time or an event. I've done so much work on this rock that I
wanted to make a partner to it, to indicate that other things had been made
there."

He says that the cairn is more marker than art. I'd say it is both: an object
that is full of strength and complexity, quiet assurance, balance, history,
integrity.

It is an object not at all unlike the artist himself. Goldsworthy treats the
cairn affectionately. He leaned against it and said it is like leaning on a wall
in the north of England, talking to a neighbor.

The cairns, the tree branch and the little structures in the gallery, the
photographs - all have their own spirit and value, but in the end, all of them
pay homage to the stone in the wood.

"The reason I make my art is to learn," Andy Goldsworthy said. "Each work
teaches me something new. At the heart of what I do is return, to go back to the
same work, to understand space around it and the movement around it. That is
what I live for."

Along with Goldsworthy's work, there is also work by Ian Hamilton Finlay at
Laumeier Park. Finlay, like Goldsworthy, creates works of art in the midst of
nature. Last week, a circular grove of elm, pine, sycamore and lime trees he
designed was planted at the park. It is called "Four Shades" and refers to the
poet Virgil and to different degrees of shadiness created by the trees. There is
also a show of Finlay's poems and publications, called "Icons and Proposals," in
the park's museum. ANDY GOLDSWORTHY Laumeier Stone WHERE: Laumeier Sculpture
Park, 12580 Rott Road, Sunset Hills WHEN: Through Aug. 7 HOURS: 10 a.m.-5 p.m.
Tuesday-Saturday; noon-5 p.m. Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Renyold Ferguson/Post-Dispatch - Andy Goldsworthy leans
against his cairn in the woods of Laumeier Sculpture Park.

TYPE: PROFILE Andy Goldsworthy

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              194 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 4, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fighting for the Right to Sell Smoothies

BYLINE: By DANIEL KRIEGER

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1325 words


On a cloudy morning in late September, a procession of 100 or so street vendors,
along with their advocates and a marching band, streamed down Broadway past City
Hall, wearing bright yellow T-shirts bearing the words ''Vendor Power!'' On
their way to Zuccotti Park, where a halal vendor named Waleed would provide free
lunch, the motley group held signs in English, Spanish and Chinese: ''Vendors
Feed New York City,'' ''More Permits, Less Tickets,'' ''Don't Criminalize
Vending.''

Bobbing amid this boisterous mass was a large inflated doughnut with sprinkles,
as well as a long string on which hung pink slips -- actual vending violations
-- dancing in the breeze like car dealership pennants. The demonstrators chanted
in Spanish: ''Qué queremos? Permisos! Cuándo? Ahora!'' Then English: ''What do
we want? Permits! When? Now!''

Like taxi medallions, the permits that would allow them to legally ply their
trade -- that is, sell their tacos, halal chicken and smoothies -- have been
virtually impossible to obtain for nearly all but those lucky enough to get one
decades ago. There are 5,100 Mobile Food Vending permits issued by the city's
Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, a figure that has not changed since
1983. As a result, many of the vendors in the city turn to the black market,
where a two-year permit can cost $25,000. Some vendors try their luck without
one, risking steep fines, arrest and confiscation of their carts.

The conflict between vendors and brick-and-mortar businesses in New York dates
far beyond 1983, originating in the late 19th century following the emergence of
the Lower East Side pushcart peddlers. But several factors have thrust the
vendors' campaign to the forefront today.

New York's street food has moved way beyond hot dogs and roasted peanuts, as
shown by the rise of the Vendy Awards, which honor the best street-food vendors.
And street food markets, like Smorgasburg and LIC Flea & Food, have sprung up in
every borough, a phenomenon that has blossomed in part because it skirts the
permit requirements of on-street food carts.

Seizing on this moment, the Street Vendor Project started a campaign last year
to increase the permit cap for all forms of vending and to modify regulations
that restrict where vendors can work. City Council members have been working on
legislation to improve the system.

''Now is the time,'' said Sean Basinski, a lawyer and the director of the Street
Vendor Project at the Urban Justice Center. Sitting in his office in Lower
Manhattan a week before the rally, he said his organization, founded in 2001,
could not get traction on the permit issue until recently.

''For 12 years, we were struggling with an administration that wouldn't even
listen,'' Mr. Basinski said. ''We never got called back.''

He has high hopes for the new leadership, in light of Mayor Bill de Blasio's
stated concern for inequality and low-income workers; the Council speaker,
Melissa Mark-Viverito, a fellow Democrat, has also been supportive of Mr.
Basinski's campaign, as have many council members. But he and the 1,800 vendors
he represents are losing patience.

''We've been waiting 529 days,'' he announced through a megaphone to the crowd
at the start of the rally near City Hall. ''Where's the bill, City Council?'' A
reply of sorts came soon, when Councilman Carlos Menchaca, Democrat of Brooklyn,
took the megaphone. ''I hear your voice,'' he said in both Spanish and English.
He assured the crowd that he and his colleagues were creating a bill. But when
it will be proposed or what it will look like is anyone's guess -- in part
because the vendors are not the only interested party.

The most prominent opponents are business improvement districts, organizations
made up of business and property owners, which oversee the maintenance and
development of commercial zones.

''Raising the cap is madness,'' said Dan Biederman, president of the 34th Street
Partnership and the Bryant Park Management Corporation. ''It just doesn't make
any sense, because it would worsen the problem by putting more carts out on the
street in the same terrible program.''

His list of grievances about the vendors in his districts includes litter;
sidewalk congestion; large, unsightly carts; noise from generators; unfair
competition with brick-and-mortar businesses. He advocates reducing the number
of permits and tightening regulations to limit carts. ''One per block,'' Mr.
Biederman said. ''Maybe.''

Mr. Basinski wants a substantial increase in the number of permits available,
which would mostly serve those already vending. (It is not clear how many food
vendors there are, but Mr. Basinski estimates there are more than 10,000.)

He agrees that vendors behaving badly should receive tickets, and that noisy
generators for food carts should be replaced by environmentally friendly,
quieter ones. Addressing concerns about vendors' competing with nearby
businesses, he pointed to studies that conclude that street vendors help
brick-and-mortars; he cited a report that claimed vendors generated $500 million
for the economy of Los Angeles.

One argument for lifting the cap is that it could eliminate the black market for
permits. Mr. Biederman remains skeptical. ''What created the black market is
underpricing the permits,'' he said, adding that the solution could be to sell
them for their market value. This is what the parks department does by bidding
out its highly coveted permits for six-figure sums, in a distribution system
distinct from the one for street permits. But for vendors at the rally, like
Maria Angelica Castillo, this would keep the permits out of reach and require
that they tend someone else's cart.

For the past three years, Ms. Castillo, a 38-year-old from Mexico with two
children, sold fruit in the Financial District without a permit. For the first
two years, she said, she received tickets about once a month, paying $50 to $100
per violation. Last year, a police officer issued her a ticket for $1,000, the
maximum fine for vending without a permit.

''After that, I couldn't continue working because I couldn't afford it,'' she
said in Spanish, adding that she had turned down an offer to rent a permit.

Also at the rally was Mohamed Attia, a 27-year-old Egyptian who sells smoothies
in Midtown. He said he paid $6,000 on the black market for a seven-month permit.
''Of course it's illegal, but this is the only way,'' he said. When he started
vending six years ago, a seasonal permit cost $2,000 on the black market, he
said, and a 24-month permit cost $8,000. Vendors who receive a 24-month permit
from the city, however, pay only $200 and can renew it indefinitely, even if
they no longer vend.

Mr. Attia said the financial strain was made worse by the unannounced
inspections from health department workers, who can issue citations costing
hundreds of dollars. He has been cited for not having a lid on a garbage pail,
for being several inches too close to a crosswalk and for leaving his cart
unattended while going to the bathroom, for which he received a $1,200 fine that
he successfully contested, he said.

But for vendors, the regulatory squabbles are secondary to the bigger issue of
becoming legitimate. Adam Sobel, the chef and owner of the Cinnamon Snail, a
four-time Vendy Award-winning food truck, said his inability to secure a permit
from the city was the main reason he shut down the daily operations of his
popular vegan food truck this year.

For five years, he said, he rented his permit from a man who would fly in from
Pakistan to visit the health department with him -- an elaborate means of
following procedure. But the increasing cost and the shadiness of it all wore on
him, and the arrangement became untenable.

So nowadays he limits himself to selling at places that don't require city
permits. ''But if things majorly change,'' he said, ''I will get back into the
street food game in a second. It's what I love to do.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/04/nyregion/fighting-for-the-right-to-sell-a-smoo
thie-on-new-york-streets.html

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Street food vendors rallied outside City Hall last month,
demanding changes in the permit process. (MB1)
Top, a street vendor in Lower Manhattan
 above, Mohamed Attia speaking at a rally outside City Hall last month.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY SAM HODGSON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (MB7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              195 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 29, 2016 Friday
                                 First Edition

An artist's tryst with Lady Luck;
TRAVEL MONACO

BYLINE: Jane Cornwell

SECTION: LIFE & LEISURE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1368 words


The playground of the rich and famous claims it was the making of painter
Francis Bacon, writes Jane Cornwell.

Francis Bacon loved to gamble. More than anything else - apart from making art,
of course - he loved to gamble at the casino in Monte Carlo, the most famous in
the world. "You could go in at 10 in the morning and not come out 'til about
four the following morning," declared the Irish-born rouÃ©, who apparently did
this a lot when living in Monaco, that tiny, showy principality on an ancestral
rock in the French Riviera.

Francophile and bon vivant, painter of screaming popes and robust gay sex
scenes, Bacon was already a hugely famous artist when he died in Madrid in 1992
aged 82, a week before he was due to lunch in Monte Carlo with a friend. But few
could have predicted the levels to which his posthumous fame would skyrocket: in
November 2013, a painting by Bacon of his friend Lucien Freud became the world's
most expensive artwork sold at auction, fetching a staggering $US142.4 million
($190.6 million).

The Tate Gallery in Liverpool is presenting the largest exhibition of Bacon's
work staged in the north of England, and the Getty Centre in Los Angeles,
drawing from the Tate in London, is featuring Bacon among six postwar British
artists who revolutionised and reinvigorated figurative painting. (Australians
got up close to the artist's controversial oeuvre in 2013 when the Art Gallery
of New South Wales hosted a five-decade retrospective.)

Here in Monte Carlo, down on the seafront, the great glass-domed Grimaldi Forum
is hosting Francis Bacon, Monaco and French Culture, a major new exhibition that
celebrates the years in the late 1940s and early '50s when Bacon lived in Monaco
and southern France; a period, argue MonÃ©gasques, that gave Bacon his oomph,
his guts. That made him.

"Bacon was always returning to Monaco for extensive stays with friends, family
and lovers," says Cecilia Auber, our guide at the Francis Bacon Art Foundation,
a not-for-profit institute on the ground floor of a small villa in the hilly
streets behind the central, long-established Hotel Metropole, rebuilt in 1989 a
la belle Ã©poque (the "beautiful age" before the First World War) and glimmering
at the end of a drive dotted with white statues, as if magicked up out of
history.

Bacon first landed in Monaco in 1946, staying at the Hotel dÃ© RÃ© before moving
from villa to villa - bijou residences not dissimilar to that occupied by the
foundation, which was inaugurated by Prince Albert II in 2014 on October 28,
Bacon's birthday.

"It was in Monaco that Francis Bacon started painting the human form," says the
chic, straight-backed Auber, stewarding us past the likes of 1929's Watercolour,
Bacon's earliest surviving painting. "It is also where he began painting on the
raw, unprimed side of the canvas."

Just why he did so is fabulously prosaic: having lost all his money at the
casino and unable to afford new canvases, he simply turned his used paintings
over - and liked the effect. A risk-taker who thrived on extremes (and an
asthmatic who appreciated the warm Mediterranean weather), Bacon approached
gambling as he did painting: "I want a very ordered image," he told the art
critic David Sylvester in 1966, "but I want it to come about by chance."

Lady Luck, the goddess of fortune, seems to be everywhere in Monaco, a
constitutional monarchy and tax-free haven that is home to more millionaires and
billionaires per capita than anywhere else in the world; and whose palace is
located in downtown Monte Carlo - along with the medieval old town, the creamily
extravagant Hotel de Paris and Casino Square, a riot of fountains, gold bling
and revving Ferraris.

There she is at the tres exclusive Yacht Club de Monaco, with its landmark
clubhouse designed by Sir Norman Foster and marina of sleek superyachts flying
the distinctive red-and-white burgee. There, at Thermes Marins, an opulent spa
linked by subterranean corridors to the Hotel Hermitage and the aforementioned
Hotel de Paris - home to Alain Ducasse's three-Michelin-starred restaurant Louis
XV, done up in chandeliers, cherubs and gold leaf and boasting a superlative
tasting menu delivered with Swiss timing and almost balletic grace.

There she is too, at the Wine Palace, a new venue built on the prow of the Yacht
Club and kitted out in oak, bronze and dark red leather, with 2300 wines and
spirits in its temperature-controlled cellar, complimentary delivery to yachts
both berthed and at sea and good-looking staff with serious vinous knowledge.

Asked to name their most expensive tipple, our sommelier Joshua doesn't
hesitate. "Last month we sold a double magnum of 1986 PÃ©trus for EUR20,000
[$29,500]," he says, though he won't say to whom. With just 36,000 permanent
residents, including Ringo Starr, Shirley Bassey and Novak Djokovic, and regular
A-list visitors such as Rihanna and Leonardo DiCaprio, Monaco (and Lady Luck)
insists upon, and receives, discretion.

Bacon, who loved a drink, once mistook a bottle of PÃ©trus for cooking wine and
made a stew that was talked about for weeks says Auber, indicating a
black-and-white photograph of the artist, dishevelled after a long lunch in
Soho, London, his other spiritual stomping ground.

The foundation's collection includes more than 2300 items ranging from photos
provided by Sydney-based artist Eddie Batache, a long-time friend, and triptychs
featuring Bacon's ill-fated lover, George Dyer, to a Paris bathroom door signed
by French surrealists including AndrÃ© Masson and Pierre Soulages and completely
covered with drawings of penises. "It is," says Auber sagely, "an homage to the
phallus."

But despite the eye-popping door and the emotionally charged paintings (some of
which feature in the Grimaldi Forum show), the overall vibe of the foundation is
understated and elegant. Curtains, tassels and low-hanging bulbs are drawn from
Bacon iconography; interior walls are shades of grey, in keeping with his
late-1940s palette.

What Bacon - who lived simply and messily, throwing out much of his work - would
have made of this neat, intense homage is anyone's guess.

"Great art always returns you to the vulnerability of the human situation,"
declares a wall decal - as indeed, Bacon might have added, does great gambling.

For just as Lady Luck swans metaphorically about the Grand Casino, a rococo
vision with onion-shaped domes inaugurated in 1863 by Prince Charles III (who
was in need of a money-spinner), so too does her nemesis. A tour of the
building's interior - marble pillars, gilded mirrors, 10-tonne chandeliers - is
accompanied by tales of those, now deceased, who played big and lost. The likes
of Fyodor Dostoyevsky went in OK and came out KO-ed.

Today, in the main gambling room, private gambling room and super-private
gambling room - a veritable Russian doll of moneyed privilege - the high rolling
continues.

"Monaco is a sunny place for shady people," said writer Somerset Maugham, who
was among the 700 people at the 1956 wedding of American film star Grace Kelly
to Prince Rainier (the now-legendary 1981 family portrait by Ralph Cowan, kitsch
yet - with Kelly standing apart and aloof - eerily prescient, can be viewed as
part of the palace tour).

The sun and the shadiness were relished by Bacon, who loved nothing more than to
take the Train Bleu, the sleeper from Paris, which pulled in right beside the
casino - and offered, en route, strangers to meet.

These days, visitors to the casino tend to fly in via helicopter from Nice, or
hop off a cruise ship or superyacht moored at the marina at Port Hercules, the
natural deep-water bay at the foot of the landmark Rock of Monaco. Sensibly,
perhaps, MonÃ©gasques are forbidden from gambling in the casino, sparing them
from the addiction that gripped Bacon who, early on and desperate for cash, had
hoped to sell his work there.

"I always feel with a little clever manipulation the casino would buy our
pictures," he wrote to friends in 1946.

It didn't, and instead the rooms are lavishly decorated with sculptures and
paintings of sensuous, Lady Luck-like women, watching over winners and losers
all day and all night long. L&L

The writer travelled as a guest of the Monaco Government Tourist Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FIVE PHOTOS: Clockwise from left: art historian Reinhard Hassert and
Francis Bacon (right) in the Monte Carlo Casino Gardens in 1981; Alain Ducasse's
Louis XV restaurant; Yacht Club de Monaco; the Monte Carlo Casino; a triptych in
the elegant gallery of the Francis Bacon Art Foundation. PHOTOS: COURTESY
FRANCIS BACON MB ART FOUNDATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

A federal judge takes on 'copyright trolls'

LENGTH: 1539 words


There are trolls who live under bridges in fantasy novels. Then there are
"copyright trolls."
The latter have always occupied one of the most squalid corners of the legal
system. They're people or firms that acquire copyrights to movies, music or
other creative works chiefly to turn a profit by filing lawsuits alleging
piracy. Often the threat of a lawsuit is used to scare Web users into paying
nominal settlement fees to avoid legal costs and a big penalty. Collect a few
checks of a few thousand bucks each from enough defendants, and presto! You've
got a business.


The business model of Prenda Law Inc. seemed to put the capital "T" in "Troll."
The copyrights Prenda claimed to be defending covered pornographic movies, and
that added a whole new layer of coercion to the process. Until U.S. District
Judge Otis D. Wright II in Los Angeles sank his teeth into the matter, that is.
The Prenda saga already had everything a red-blooded legal observer might
treasure: Pornography. Intimations of offshore money laundering. Alleged forgery
and identity theft.
Then it got even stranger.
At a hearing last week, Wright asked several Prenda lawyers to explain their
legal strategy in filing lawsuits accusing hundreds of Internet users of
infringing porn movie copyrights by downloading the films from the Web.
Instead of answering, the lawyers pleaded the 5th Amendment.
"I've seen defendants invoke their right against self-incrimination," says
Morgan Pietz, a Manhattan Beach attorney who represents several defendants in
the Prenda lawsuits. "In my experience, it's unprecedented for a plaintiff's
lawyer to invoke the 5th when asked to explain the conduct of his litigation."
Before we get into the question of why the Prenda folks dodged Wright's
questions, let's stipulate that copyrights serve the important purpose of
guaranteeing creative people and their heirs the exclusive right to profit from
their work for a finite period, typically the life of the creator plus 70 years.

But critics of U.S. It's this combination of mass litigation and frightful
financial consequences that has empowered the trolls, who prefer to squeeze
defendants for quick out-of-court settlements rather than pursuing their claims
in court.
The way to trolldom arguably was paved by the recording industry; around 2003
its trade group, the Recording Industry Assn. of America, started suing college
students and other users of file-sharing programs to stop them from illicitly
downloading music. But public objections to the lawsuits forced the RIAA to
abandon the tactic a few years later.

"The RIAA stopped because suing their own customers was ruining their
reputation," observes Mitch Stoltz, a lawyer for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation, which has helped fight trolling lawsuits, including Prenda's, in
court. "But the legal ground they established was picked up by people without
reputations to protect."
To the traditional trolling arsenal, Prenda added the threat that recalcitrant
defendants - sued initially as "John Does," but often identified by name by
their cable company or other Internet service provider under threat of subpoena
- would be exposed as slavering aficionados of pornography.
Prenda is not the only firm to exploit the porn angle, but its misfortune may be
that its cases landed in Wright's court. Wright had seen this strategy before,
and plainly he's got its number. In a ruling last year in a non-Prenda case he
called it "essentially an extortion scheme."
The plaintiffs, Wright said, gamble that "because of embarrassment, many Does
will send back a nuisance-value check to the plaintiff. The cost to the
plaintiff: a single filing fee, a bit of discovery, and stamps. The rewards:
potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars."
Indeed, as recently as last year, a Prenda attorney bragged about the value of
this litigation strategy. John L. Steele, a onetime divorce attorney in Chicago,
told Forbes that he had collected as much as $15 million settling such lawsuits.
He claimed to be suing 20,000 defendants for downloading pornography, according
to the Forbes report.
"People don't like to get caught doing anything wrong," he said, his smirk
virtually leaping off the page and whacking you between the eyes. "They should
be embarrassed about the stealing."
Steele and other Prenda attorneys failed to return my calls seeking comment.
According to evidence presented in court, Prenda's method was to collect
Internet identification numbers - in technical jargon, "IP addresses" - of
computers that might have been used to download pornographic movies for free. It
then contacted owners of the Internet accounts serving those computers, accusing
them of piracy and mentioning the $150,000 statutory penalty. The letters
offered to make the case go away for a nominal fee - $4,000 was the price of
silence offered to some Pietz clients.
Fail to pay, the letters stated, and the recipient's name would go on a public
document as the accused downloader of, say, "Anything for Daddy" (one of the few
movie titles at issue that can be uttered in polite conversation).  A letter
mailed to a Pietz client by Brett L. Gibbs, a Prenda lawyer in Northern
California, demanded a response within two weeks. "I hope for both our sakes to
hear from you," Gibbs wrote, oh so sympathetically.

Prenda's strategy began to unravel in Wright's court shortly after Thanksgiving.
That's when Pietz submitted evidence that two production companies the firm
supposedly represented as clients, Ingenuity 13 and AF Holdings, were shell
companies Prenda lawyers set up on the West Indies island of Nevis, a notorious
money-laundering haven.
Pietz suggested that the Prenda attorneys therefore concealed their direct
interest in lawsuits they ostensibly brought on clients' behalf, which violates
court rules. Wright himself apparently believes that the movie firms are just
fronts for the lawyers: "From what I know about this case, there is no
difference at all" between the companies and Steele, he said in court April 2.
(Wright, by the way, threw out a nuisance lawsuit filed against The Times last
year.)  Pietz also raised questions about "Alan Cooper," purportedly an officer
of Ingenuity 13 and AF Holdings. He couldn't find an executive named Alan
Cooper. He did, however, find an Alan Cooper who was the unpaid caretaker of
Steele's cabin in rural Minnesota. That Cooper testified before Wright that
Steele advised him one day to call him if anyone contacted him about Steele's
business. Cooper has also sued Steele, alleging that his name was used on the
corporate documents without his knowledge.
As these suspicions multiplied, Prenda opted to shut down the questions by
voluntarily dropping the lawsuits in Wright's court. At that point the judge
said, in effect, "Not so fast."
Wright ordered Prenda's Gibbs to explain the firm's business model. Among other
things, he was unhappy with Prenda's method of selecting defendants for the
lawsuits. The method boiled down to collecting Internet account numbers and
"blindly picking" a "pubescent male in the house" of an Internet subscriber to
sue as the purported pirate. That kind of "hunch" isn't sufficient to form the
basis of a lawsuit, he said, although he acknowledged that the expense of
performing a genuine piracy investigation "would destroy Plaintiff's business
model."
Furthermore, he observed, if Cooper's identity really was misappropriated, then
Gibbs and Prenda may have committed a "fraud on the court."
Gibbs' hearing took place March 11. By then there was more evidence about the
shadiness of Ingenuity and AF, including a deposition given by Paul Hansmeier,
whom Gibbs identified as a Prenda manager.
At the deposition, Wright fumed, "there was so much obstruction ... that it is
obvious that someone has an awful lot to hide."

When Gibbs' own lawyer, Andrew Waxler, tried to claim that Ingenuity and AF were
distinct from Prenda, Wright shot him down.
"Seriously?" he snapped. "You can hardly keep a straight face, can you?"
"No, your honor," Waxler replied.
Wright hasn't said what he'll do about Prenda, but his options include asking
federal prosecutors to investigate the firm, referring the lawyers to the state
bars of California and other states for discipline, even disbarment, and
imposing monetary sanctions.
More important, he's drawn a line against the sort of mass lawsuits that have
been the stock in trade of Prenda and other law firms. His actions may embolden
his fellow jurists to take a closer look at these fishing expeditions and even
goad Congress into fixing copyright law by aligning the penalties for
infringement more closely with real-world losses. There's a difference between
commercial piracy and home downloading, but the law doesn't fully recognize it.

Wright certainly has signaled his intention to shut down the abuses he's seen in
his own courtroom.
"This court's focus has now shifted dramatically from the area of protecting
intellectual property rights to attorney misconduct," he said at last week's
hearing. Then he delivered an ominous warning to a lawyer for Steele: "If you
say answering these kinds of questions would incriminate him, I'm inclined to
take you at your word."

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday

Bitcoin: Internet oddity offers 'rocket ship ride' for speculators

BYLINE: By Farhad Manjoo, Slate

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 1483 words


PALO ALTO, Calif.   Let me begin this column with a lengthy disclosure. One
morning last week, I stopped at my bank, filled out a withdrawal slip for
$1,027.51, and walked away with an envelope full of cash. The odd amount was
deliberate; I had been instructed by LocalTill to be exact in everything I did.
What's LocalTill? Don't bother Googling it -- its shady-looking website offers
only murky details, explaining that the firm is a way for "merchants to accept
secure transactions when selling goods online." It's something like PayPal,
except LocalTill isn't tied to your bank account or credit card, and instead
deals only in cash. This makes its transactions less traceable, less regulated,
and, as I would soon experience, more final.

Next, per LocalTill's instructions, I drove to a local Bank of America branch
and asked for an out-of-state wire transfer slip. I scrawled out LocalTill's New
York bank account number and handed my wad of cash to the teller. This was a
dizzying moment: I've been on the Internet forever and have been well-schooled
in frauds that begin with the instruction, "First, wire your money to an
out-of-state account . . ." Yet here I was doing exactly that. If LocalTill was
a scam, I'd have no recourse. So why was I willing to take such a risk?

Bitcoin, of course. Bitcoin is a "digital currency" invented in 2009 by a
cryptographic expert who went by the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto, but whose true
identity remains unknown. It exists only in computers, minted at a regular rate
by a network of machines around the world, and its value isn't regulated by any
government. The currency, like its creator, clings to the shadows. Bitcoins are
like cash in that they aren't tied to your identity, and transactions made with
Bitcoins are irreversible and untraceable. But they're like credit cards in that
they aren't physical. In the past, if I wanted to pay you for certain
unmentionable services rendered, I'd have to get a fancy briefcase, fill it with
bills, then take a long, dangerous trip with my stash. Bitcoin allows me to
transfer money to you online, instantly, for free. As a result, it's perfect for
the black market -- a couple of years ago, it became a media sensation when
Gawker reported on its use as the central currency on Silk Road, a site that
sold virtually any drug in the world. Lately Bitcoin has also been hailed as an
emerging global safe haven, a place for nervous Europeans and panicky gold-bug
types to store their wealth away from the prying reach of financial regulators.

I'm not very panicky about the world's currencies, nor am I looking to buy drugs
online. Indeed, I don't care at all for Bitcoin as a currency. Instead, I wanted
to buy Bitcoins as pure, shameless speculation. I wanted a chance to ride a
rocket ship. Partly due to its growing legitimacy as a currency but mainly
because of speculators like me, the value of Bitcoin is entering a bubble phase
-- its exchange rate with real-world currencies is hiking up at an incredible,
likely unsustainable pace. In 2011, back when Gawker reported on Silk Road, you
could buy a Bitcoin for about $9. Since then the price has seen terrific
fluctuations, but it has generally gone up. At the start of this year, each
Bitcoin was worth about $20. From there the chart turns into a hockey stick --
by March, Bitcoins hit $40, and within a month they'd doubled again.

Three weeks ago, I began hearing about Bitcoin everywhere I turned. One
afternoon I had lunch with a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, the large Silicon
Valley venture firm, who told me that he'd been fielding pitch after pitch for
start-ups that offered Bitcoin-related services. After lunch, I got an email
from David Barrett, the CEO of the fantastic expense-reporting start-up
Expensify. Barrett wanted to let me know that his firm would soon let people
submit expenses and get paid by their employers in Bitcoins. He explained that
the feature wasn't a gimmick. Bitcoin would be helpful for people who regularly
submitted expenses internationally; other services -- like PayPal -- charge
hefty fees for moving money overseas, but with Bitcoin people could send money
for free.

I made a mental note to start looking into a story about Bitcoin's apparent rise
to legitimacy. But before I could get started, Bitcoin took over the media.
Henry Blodget was calling Bitcoin "the perfect asset bubble." Felix Salmon
published a lengthy treatise on why the bubble was sure to burst. The New Yorker
spoke to some of Bitcoins' leading boosters about the future of the currency.
Meanwhile the price just kept going up: Early last week the value of Bitcoins
soared past $100 each. This week, it went past $200. If you want a Bitcoin
today, it will cost you about $235, and if you wait till tomorrow, it will be
more.

Hence, my disclosure. No one is quite sure why the price of Bitcoins has spiked
so quickly so fast, but one of the leading theories is that it's been hit by
what Quartz's Zach Seward calls a "demand crisis." The world's supply of
Bitcoins is essentially fixed, but because people in the media keep talking
about it, demand keeps rising. This leads to higher prices -- and as prices go
up, people who currently hold Bitcoins develop greater and greater expectations
for the currency. This causes Bitcoin holders to hoard their stash, which
further reduces supply, which in turn boosts the price and sparks yet more media
attention   and the cycle continues until the bubble pops.

Thus, by writing about Bitcoin, I'm serving, in some small way, to raise its
price. And as of last week, that benefits me directly. Thankfully, my wire
transfer to LocalTill went through; after taking its $21.51 processing fee, the
firm transferred my $1,000 to Bitfloor, one of the many online Bitcoin exchanges
where people trade Bitcoins for cash. I immediately put in a purchase order, and
within seconds the deal was done. I was the proud owner of 7.23883 Bitcoins,
which I'd purchased for about $138 each. If I sold my coins now, my original
$1,000 investment would be worth $1,700 -- not a bad return in less than a
week's time.

But I'm not selling just yet. I agree with Blodget and Salmon that the Bitcoin
market is a bubble; at some point, as in all bubbles, prices will stop rising
and they'll likely plummet, and a lot of people will lose a lot of real and
imagined money. But that's pretty much all anyone can say about the market with
any certainty. When the bubble will burst, at what price and for what reason, is
completely unpredictable. And until then, while prices are going up, you could
make a lot of real money from this digital funny money.

My own guess is that the bubble's popping isn't imminent, and I think that when
prices do fall, they'll land somewhere higher than the $138 I paid for my
Bitcoins. I'm certain that I'll be able to double my investment, and I might
even hold out to triple it. (After that I'll get shakier about keeping
Bitcoins.) Why do I think prices will get that high? Because at the moment, it's
a logistical nightmare to turn dollars into coins. You've got to take several
leaps of faith, trusting sites that look like they were put together by
teen-agers. I initially tried to buy coins using MtGox, the largest trader, but
the cash-processing service it uses refused to accept deposits greater than
$500. What's more, last week, shortly after Bitcoins hit $142, MtGox was hit by
a denial-of-service attack that took it offline for several hours. The site I
used, Bitfloor, is hardly any safer. Last fall it was hit by an epic hack that
resulted in the theft of 24,000 coins, at the time worth $250,000 -- and worth,
amazingly, $5.6 million today. (Bitfloor now claims to store most of its
customers' coins in machines that aren't connected to the Internet, and it uses
two-factor authentication to protect its users' accounts.)

At the moment, the shadiness of the Bitcoin market dissuades mainstream
investors. And -- as we saw in the housing and dot-com bubbles -- it's when the
masses get involved that bubbles really take off. Over the next few months, I
expect that we'll see better, more secure services for transferring dollars into
Bitcoin exchange systems. You'll be able to send money to sites like MtGox
instantly from your bank account. At that point -- when ordinary people can
order up Bitcoins as easily as they bought shares of Pets.com back in 1999 --
the real money will pour into the Bitcoin economy, and that's when prices will
begin to get really crazy.

That's just a theory. It could be a stupid one; Bitcoin could collapse tomorrow.
And remember, I've got a conflict of interest here -- if this piece gets you
interested in Bitcoin, I get richer. Still, though, one week into my Bitcoin
trade, I'm very, very pleased with myself.

- - -

Manjoo is Slate's technology reporter and the author of "True Enough: Learning
to Live in a Post-Fact Society." Twitter: @fmanjoo

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This April 3, 2013 photo shows Bitcoin tokens at software engineer Mike
Caldwell's shop in Sandy, Utah. Caldwell mints physical versions of Bitcoins,
cranking out homemade tokens with codes protected by tamper-proof holographic
seals, a retro-futuristic kind of prepaid cash.
With up to 70,000 transactions each day over the past month, Bitcoins have been
propelled from the world of Internet oddities to the cusp of mainstream use, a
remarkable breakthrough for a currency which made its online debut only four
years ago.
In this April 3, 2013 photo, Mike Caldwell, a 35-year-old software engineer,
holds a 25 Bitcoin token at his shop in Sandy, Utah.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 27, 2013 Sunday

Incense or intoxicant? Murky state laws don't stop trade in synthetic marijuana
sometimes called 'spice'

BYLINE: Jon Blau, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1485 words


Jan. 27--The Garden of Eden has only a thin strip of pavement for a parking lot.
But on a typical day, visitors stream in and out of the adult entertainment shop
like ants to a hill.

A handful of spots will do when no car stays more than two minutes.

On a recent Tuesday starting at 11:45 a.m., the next hour saw more than 20 cars
trade places in the lot. Nearby business owners call that a slow day for the
Bloomington establishment, which is normally open 24 hours, leading some to
wonder how much lingerie one store could warehouse.

But only a couple of customers come out with bags. Most stop at the register to
the left of the front door, skipping the toys, movies and scented oils. They
step to the counter, lean toward the cashier and whisper, "Do you have herbal
incense?"

"Three grams?" the man says.

A nod.

"Twenty."

No small talk. No IDs. Bills are passed across the counter, sometimes without
words exchanged. Customers leave with wrappers splashed with flashy names such
as "Diablo," "Bizzaro" or "Black Mamba" stuffed into a front pocket. This week,
the product is called "Darkness: Purple Haze."

A cashier at the Garden of Eden  -- the same store that sold herbal incense to a
reporter from The Herald-Times on Jan. 17  -- denied having the product on-site
when reached by phone Monday. Kuldeep Singh, the proprietor of GKS Investments,
which owns the Garden of Eden and a Marathon gas station in Indianapolis, was
reached by cellphone Tuesday but said he could not talk because he was in
Chicago on business; on Wednesday, a call was cut short because he claimed he
had bad reception. Several voicemails and a text message requesting comment were
not returned.

On Friday and Saturday, the store was closed.

Surely, the Garden of Eden doesn't want to draw attention to dealings with
herbal incense, what regulators call synthetic marijuana, a mix of chemicals
designed to mimic the effects of the hallucinogen THC. Last week, the cashier
assured buyers that the product is legal. And he could be right, because
manufacturers of the drug are constantly experimenting with new molecular models
to outpace laws that ban specific compounds.

In July, President Barack Obama signed a federal law banning 31 compounds used
in herbal incense, once popularized as "K2" and "Spice."

But some sellers of the drug promise to provide forms of synthetic marijuana and
"cannabinoids" not listed in Indiana's laws. Confusion between federal and state
regulations, and between what is being advertised for sale and what is actually
being stuffed in packets for the Garden of Eden, has left police powerless until
a controlled buy is tested at a state laboratory.

Bloomington police have acquired the "Darkness" product, according to Lt. Bill
Parker. But it can take months for results to confirm whether a product has a
banned mix.

When the Garden of Eden was burglarized Jan. 8, the store reported synthetic
marijuana was stolen, but police couldn't penalize the operation because there
is a chance Indiana law doesn't cover the formulation of chemicals in the newest
wrapper.

"You have to send it to a lab to see what ingredients are in the product,
because they are always changing them," Parker said. "The field tests aren't
there yet."

In the meantime, patrons left the Garden of Eden with this "aromatic" product
and walked across Walnut Street to Stimline in search of rolling papers. There,
users could find every degree of paraphernalia, but not herbal incense.

'The show'

Through storefront windows facing the Garden of Eden, employees at nearby
businesses can't help but watch "the show."

A hairdresser at a salon on the other side of Walnut Street said she can count
12 cars leaving the store in about 10 minutes, calling this stream of repeat
customers "the walking dead." Multiple business owners, within yards of the
shop, view traffic across the street as a symbol of the decay of their
commercial strip, but most refused to be quoted because of fear they might be
targeted by patrons of the Garden of Eden.

On the other hand, Shannon Simpson, the owner of Genuine Tattoo Co., was
unwilling to denounce anyone for their personal choices while frequenting the
shop across the street. He was more disgusted to hear synthetic marijuana
exists.

"They should just legalize the real stuff," he said. "Get rid of all the fake
stuff."

Indiana House Rep. Matt Pierce, D-Bloomington, actually believes it is
misleading to call the drug synthetic "marijuana," because it gives people the
impression that what they are smoking will give them a similar high. But from
what state legislators have heard from emergency room doctors, the high from
herbal incense is more reminiscent of PCP, or "Angel Dust," often leaving users
agitated and consumed by intense hallucinations.

Police and legislators alike know the drug is harmful, but Pierce said
regulation to ban imitation pot would be too vague and could come under attack
for not giving individuals their constitutional right to know and follow the
law. Indiana bans more than 60 chemical compounds, including "analogs" of
certain molecular models, covering variations of the same carbon backbone
structure.

In an effort to keep pace with manufacturers of herbal incense, Indiana House
Bill 1196 allows the state's pharmacy board to add new compounds to the list, if
the federal Drug Enforcement Agency or another state has determined a chemical
mimics THC and should be banned. The law also added provisions to revoke a
store's retail license if it was found to be selling brands with banned
chemicals, hoping to persuade convenience stores and gas station chains to get
out of the herbal incense business.

Tim Sylvester, a manager for Stimline, said his variety shop will not sell
chemical incarnations of herbal incense. He has looked out the front door of his
business and seen people vomiting shortly after a puff of the synthetic drug.

"There are some cokeheads who wouldn't touch that stuff, because they are using
chemicals and no one knows what they do," Sylvester said of synthetic marijuana.
"When they first advertised it, they said it was 10 times stronger than
marijuana. Back then, it probably wasn't. But at this point, it probably is."

Repeat customers

Those who see the traffic coming in and out of Garden of Eden can't help but
think that the herbal incense in Bloomington has some kind of addictive element.

Cars wind around the last southward stretch of College Avenue before bending
east and whipping back north into the parking lot. Other vehicles make illegal
left-hand turns off of Walnut Street to briefly swing by the shop's front door.
Panhandlers are also a common sight around automobiles parked in its lot,
fishing in what has become a target-rich environment.

Burglaries have been reported involving spice, including the Jan. 8 incident at
the Garden of Eden, where glass smoking devices and "synthetic spice" were
taken, according to a police report. In August, Bloomington police arrested a
26-year-old woman who had broken into a smoke shop off of Winslow Road. She told
officers she was desperate for K2 or Spice.

A scarcity of herbal incense sellers only heightens demand for the product. Even
the wholesale market consists of mixed opinions on the product's legality for
Hoosiers. When contacted by phone, Liberty Herbal Incense, based in California,
said it would not ship its product to Indiana because of the state's tight
regulations against synthetic marijuana.

On the other hand, a rep with "Blackout Herbal Incense" told The Herald-Times he
could ship his product, manufactured by iLCM as "Funky Monkey" or "Dead Man," to
Indiana in 24 4-gram packets at about $12 per unit. The company lists only a few
states, such as Georgia, Kentucky and Utah, as places it won't sell its products
because of specific bans. Georgia, for instance, has "Funky Monkey" and "Dead
Man" on a list of outlawed brands.

Stimline sells herbal blends without chemical elements, but Sylvester has
researched synthetics to see if they are available from wholesalers. Most
manufacturers will not ship the product to Indiana, he said, because the law
casts a wide net.

"You do have your reckless types who will thumb their noses at the law, and they
believe, as long as they aren't using any of the banned chemicals, they are OK,"
Sylvester said. "But just because it's unclear what chemicals are in it doesn't
mean it shouldn't be illegal."

Whatever is in it brings a multitude of patrons back to the adult entertainment
shop on South Walnut Street; never mind that the product isn't meant to be
smoked. The package says: "Not for human consumption."

Onlookers to "the show" doubt there would be such a rush on potpourri.

"What is in the product? I don't know," Sylvester said. "There is a lot of
shadiness around it."

___ (c)2013 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130127-BM-Incense-or-intoxicant-Murky-state-laws-don-t-stop-trade-in-synthetic
-marijuana-sometimes-called-spice-0127-20130127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2013 Herald-Times


                              199 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 11, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

SOUL SURVIVORS; With an Ever-Whiter Audience, Will Hip-Hop Drown in the
Mainstream?

Lonnae O'Neal Parker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 2589 words


It's 11:30 on a Thursday night and the folks lined up outside Soul Camp are
cold. But inside, they know, things are real chill. That's where everybody is
"big uppin'," "one lovin' " and all kinds of "what up, doggin' " as they slap
hands, hug and greet.

The room features dark, fog machine atmospherics. A very faint scent, Kush or
Egyptian Musk, mixes with Marlboro Reds and home-rolled bidis for a heavy smoke
that works itself into your clothes and spends the night. Everywhere you look,
people are nodding to the beat. DJ Dirty Hands keeps it downtempo, on the cool
tip, with a little Jeru the Damaja or even Showbiz & AG -- It's hard to face
defeat when you're raised in the street/ no surrendering, no defeat.

Brent Talley stands outside a huge circle, a "cipher," that has opened up on the
dance floor. Break dancers from the Lionz of Zion and Arrive to Defy are hitting
power moves. Suddenly the energy of the dancers combines with an ominous bass
line, giving Talley something he can feel, and he sheds his gray fleece hoodie.
He starts head spinning and up-rocking and then hits a nice freeze as the crowd
waves and gives him mad love.

Weekdays, Talley installs gas lines in Northern Virginia. But Thursday nights,
he's Vortex, the spinning and flava specialist for his break-dancing crew. A
nappy-headed b-boy with red hair. A crowd favorite.

A white guy, dancing to beats played by a white guy, in a room filled with white
guys.

Soul Camp is a hip-hop party.

On Thursday nights inside the Hung Jury near George Washington University, they
don't play the rap you hear on the radio. Too cheesy, too commercial, the party
line has it. This scene is for the hip-hop headz. Underground. While the
speakers pump beats and rhymes, graffiti artists show off their books, and guys
in backward baseball caps and women with waist-length locks take it all in.

At Soul Camp, there are whites, Asians, Hispanics, Indians. And, of course
blacks. They are simply among the minority.

In the past 20 years, hip-hop has traveled from the 'hoods to the suburbs of
American popular culture like The Borg, assimilating Hollywood, Madison Avenue
and "Sesame Street" along the way. It's suffered from violence, boycotts and
some very bad PR. Still, rap music made more than a billion dollars last year.
Resistance is futile.

In rap, as with many other creative endeavors, there is a schism between
commercial and artistic forms, but rap is also split by something else. The
faithful are buzzing about the influence of non-black fans and artists in
defining hip-hop, of which rap music (along with deejaying, break-dancing and
graffiti writing) is a part, and who has proprietary rights to the culture. Some
call hip-hop colorless -- no longer fundamentally black, but the predominant
youth culture. (The SoundScan marketing firm reports that 70 percent of all R&B
and rap is bought by white people -- buying power that helped account for 81.3
million rap albums sold domestically.) It's a way of life, an aesthetic, a
worldview that connects everyone who wants to participate. One love, they urge.

True, others agree. But it is black-held, black-invented, an artistic expression
built on black cultural traditions in response to the black urban experience.
You better recognize, they say.

Meanwhile, in neighborhood shows, school hallways and clubs, the baggy jeans,
the graff art, the ice stares, the fluid slang and the beat go on. Those are the
front lines, and this is a battle for the soul of hip-hop.

Since you came here, you have to show and prove

And do that dance, until it don't move.

-- Eric B. and Rakim, "I Know You Got Soul"

"People are surprised if you're white and you actually have skills," says
24-year-old Chuck "Dirty Hands" Koch. "You have to prove yourself a little more.
Almost like if you're black, you have certain obstacles you have to get over
because people already have a preconceived idea of how you're going to be."

Koch, who used to break-dance at clubs when he was in junior high in Tampa, says
he's been into hip-hop since he was a kid. Eventually he started battling other
DJs, talkin' smack and spinning records. Last March, he and a Korean American
buddy, 24-year-old Kheedim Oh (DJ Taek One), started having Soul Camp parties.
Last Thursday, they celebrated their first anniversary.

Other clubs may play music by Grammy-winner Will Smith, Puffy Combs or Master P,
but not Soul Camp. "Jiggy stuff," Koch says dismissively. Soul Camp, he says, is
all about authentic rap music. Company Flow and Gangstarr and Smut Peddlers.
Dope beats and tight rhymes. And Koch is an arbiter of such.

White people have been involved with hip-hop from way back, he says, remarking
that black rap groups used to sample rock-and-roll bass lines. "Back when
hip-hop started, white people were more accepted. I don't think there was a
boundary to it, like 'This is our music.' "

He says he's heard the term "wigger," early '90s slang for white kids who try to
act black. But yo, whatever. He thinks the concept is played out. "Hip-hop is
mainstream right now. A lot of stuff has blown up," Koch says. He calls the
growing involvement of whites "good for hip-hop. If it wasn't for the white kids
in the suburbs, these cats wouldn't be going platinum."

Even other states come right and exact

It ain't where you're from, it's where you're at.

Brent Talley, 29, dances with Natural Elements. He has been break-dancing,
b-boyin', since the early '80s. He learned by watching movies like "Wild Style"
and "Beat Street," and used to wait for the Fresh Fest Tours with Whodini and
Run-DMC so he could watch the New York City Breakers and the Rock Steady Crew.
Then he'd go home and try out their moves.

These days, he says, whites and hip-hop are a fait accompli. "It's so commercial
on the radio and TV. It wasn't acceptable in the old days. . . . It was just
supposed to be some fad thing coming out of the ghetto."

Talley says that when he was growing up in Richmond, people used to give him
static. "A lot of people didn't like the fact that I was white and I had rhythm.
They call you a wannabe, a wigger, things of that sort. Once they got to know
me, they didn't say anything anymore. I was dancing because I love to dance."

These days, he says, no one group has a claim on hip-hop. "If someone is white
and participating and trying to move it forward . . .and [not] just using it
because it's cool at the moment -- I think it's okay no matter what color you
are."

For "Dirty Hands" Koch, the essential element in hip-hop is heart. "I don't
think there's anything wrong with being down with something you're not really
from," he says. "Everyone is just trying to see if you're in it for a minute or
if you're in it because you love it. "

He's seen the white appropriation, sometimes Thursday nights, kids trying to be
real. Outfitted head to toe in the latest gear, the latest sneer, the latest
vernacular. "A lot of white kids take it way too far. They try to talk with that
street slang that can seem offensive. Some of them even use the N-word. That's
ridiculous. They can't find themselves."

Some try to make it sound like this but you're getting me

So upset that I'm wet 'cause you're sweating me.

Daveyd, 34-year-old Dave Cook, was a black kid in New York when hip-hop first
hit the South Bronx in the mid-1970s. He now lives in the San Francisco Bay
Area, where he hosts a couple of hip-hop radio programs and runs a self-titled
Web site. It's been the source of an ongoing exchange on the color of hip-hop.

An article posted to the site asks "Black Culture & Hip-Hop: One & the Same?"
Calling that belief "a myth," it urges readers to "support hip-hop unity." A
flurry of responses followed, accusing non-blacks of misappropriation and
revisionism.

There is a power imbalance in hip-hop, Cook says. "We have creative resources,
they have economic resources, so that should be an even match. But it isn't.
It's a pimp/ho situation, so I'm being constantly pimped."

It is a relationship that plays itself out on both the commercial and artistic
sides. A great deal of American culture, he says, "is created out of the black
community in response to political, social and economic conditions." Black
culture "becomes a commodity."

Some record companies, he says, have taken certain aspects of hip-hop --
violence, sex, materialism -- and repackaged them into slick CDs and videos,
selling them back to the black community and the larger society as the dominant
reality. That starts to play a role in how the culture gets defined both by
those who create and support it, and those outside of it. Hip-hop becomes
vulnerable when blacks start to abandon creativity and political expression in
order to get record deals, he says. Then a hip white kid will come in and start
picking off the parts he likes.

This means making the leap from "I buy hip-hop, I enjoy hip-hop" to "I am
creating hip-hop," say the passionate debaters. It's making music, but also
interpreting its meaning and components -- rewriting its history.

It's Michael Bolton covering Sam Cooke, it's folks swearing that Eric Clapton
"Shot the Sheriff" before Bob Marley, it's the reason Little Richard runs around
screaming "I am the architect! I am the originator!" of rock-and-roll.

"White people's involvement in black culture should always be looked at
critically." So said Adam Mansbach in the inaugural edition of the now defunct
Elementary Hip Hop Journal. "Our collective history of shadiness and
misappropriation," he said, "is too profound for our interests not to be
questioned, even policed."

The 22-year-old white MC and Columbia graduate student says he's been involved
in the culture for more than half his life. And he's watched it change.

"In 1987 and '88, I was really the only white face I saw. Now, it's like the
United Nations."

Mansbach says whites in hip-hop need to understand that their presence alters
the hip-hop landscape. "The question is what happens when that kid gets signed
to a record deal in the tradition of Paul Whiteman being labeled the King of
Jazz within earshot of Duke Ellington. . . . The ways in which white people are
suddenly catapulted to positions of power within the culture has been a trend in
American music."

Another essay posted on the Daveyd Web site, "Are White Rappers Privileged?"
speculates that while groups like the Beastie Boys, 3rd Bass and House of Pain
were legitimate, they might have enjoyed added "props" because of their novelty.

While there are no doubt many skilled white MCs, Cook argues that there is
always a media double-standard. In the 1980s, groups like Public Enemy were
often portrayed as sinister while the Beastie Boys' hotel-trashing antics were
merely zany.

There is general consensus that white rap artist Eminem is lyrically nice, and,
by most accounts, authentically "street." But Cook speculates that reporters in
the white media would call the white newcomer for a quote before consulting
black artists who have been around from the beginning.

Jesse Washington, editor in chief of Blaze magazine, says hip-hop is so
universal in its appeal that lots of people are trying very hard to adopt the
culture. "And sometimes it doesn't quite work."

"We've had debates in our office: 'Is hip-hop black?' I don't think hip-hop is
black now. You have whites, Asian people, Hispanics who are creating hip-hop,
they are rapping, deejaying, break-dancing, doing graffiti. It's not exclusively
black people creating the culture, therefore you cannot say hip-hop is black."

Washington doesn't mind the hip-hop pluralism, "just so long as the music is
good and the quality of what's being produced is good. You've got to show and
prove. If you can rhyme, cats are going to check for you no matter what color
you are."

For many, the essential element in hip-hop is respect. It is a question of
acknowledging DJ Kool Herc, Afrika Bambaataa and Grandmaster Flash as the
fathers of the culture. Of recognizing traditions and definitions. And it is
also a question of black audiences taking more custodial responsibility.

According to Ahmir Khalib-Thompson (Quest Love of The Roots, a group that so far
has been more successful with critics than with record buyers), history holds a
cautionary tale for blacks and hip-hop. Look at ragtime, he says. Look at jazz,
the blues, soul. "What needs to happen is people need to look at the history . .
. and sort of up their game and nurture hip-hop."

Blacks can't have it both ways, Cook says. "Do you want white folks to bow down?
Sometimes people get [angry] because maybe some [whites] keep hip-hop culture
alive and stay true and blacks are exploiting it. Who's keeping it real?"

I got soul, that's why I came

To teach those, that can't say my name.

In a room off to the side of the main dance floor at Soul Camp, Dan Hartz, 19, a
sophomore at George Washington, is sitting at a table near a couple of women
playing pool. He's not smiling. Of course this isn't a place where people are
given to unrestrained displays of mirth. The appropriate posture is a little too
hard for that. Hartz sports a Polo hoodie. Baggy jeans fall low on his behind
and a silver stud pierces his tongue. He's been coming to Soul Camp "forever,"
he says. He and two of his roommates are regulars. All three are white.

Hartz says he's a hip-hop purist, "mos' definitely. I like the basics, the DJs,
the MCs. I'm not down with the new R&B, what they call rap," he says derisively.

At Soul Camp, four out of five people surveyed consider themselves hip-hop
purists. They come because they don't like the wack/corny/watered-down rap they
play on the radio. It's orthodoxy, and everyone reads from the same underground
scripture.

Chaz Cabonce, 28, a Sprint network engineer from Woodbridge, is Filipino, "like
Foxy Brown," who raps about being mixed-race. He breaks into abrupt robotic
dance moves when talking about hip-hop. And how he considers it a "progressive
movement for positivity." And about how it will always be black music.

Overhead, Dirty Hands plays a little Special Ed -- I'm talented, yes I'm gifted
/ Never boosted, never shoplifted -- and space on the dance floor grows tight. A
rotating disco light shines around the room.

From the sidelines, Rhome Anderson, a DJ with the Soul Controllers who does a
Friday night radio show from the University of Maryland, looks on. He has been
to Soul Camp a couple of times. But he doesn't love it.

He says it's just a little too outside of the natural order. It's not the music
-- he respects Dirty Hands and Taek One. It's not the dancers -- Talley and
others, he knows, have the skills. But hip-hop is a culture of nuance and fine
distinctions and creativity and, man, black people.

"You can get turntables. You can practice your flares and windmills, and
freestyle on the mike. But . . . if you're just mimicking the songs, you don't
really understand why the caged bird sings."

The stakes are high, Anderson says later.

"At the macro level, its simply entertainment for most people. And that's the
hard reality, especially for people like me."

And at the micro level?

"It's culture," Anderson says, and his voice grows more emphatic.

"It's soul."

For some, this is the essential element in hip-hop.

Break dancer Brent Talley goes for a spin on the Hung Jury dance floor. Earl
Williams makes his moves on a recent Soul Camp night at the Hung Jury.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, TIM SLOAN

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              200 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Trump's Tech Pal Explains Himself

BYLINE: By MAUREEN DOWD

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Style Desk; WITH ... PETER THIEL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3534 words


Let others tremble at the thought that Donald J. Trump may go too far. Peter
Thiel worries that Mr. Trump may not go far enough.

''Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much,'' says the
famed venture capitalist, contrarian and member of the Trump transition team.
''Well, maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little. That seems
like the much more plausible risk to me.''

Mr. Thiel is comfortable being a walking oxymoron: He is driven to save the
world from the apocalypse. Yet he helped boost the man regarded by many as a
danger to the planet.

''The election had an apocalyptic feel to it,'' says Mr. Thiel, wearing a gray
Zegna suit and sipping white wine in a red leather booth at the Monkey Bar in
Manhattan. ''There was a way in which Trump was funny, so you could be
apocalyptic and funny at the same time. It's a strange combination, but it's
somehow very powerful psychologically.''

At the recent meeting of tech executives at Trump Tower -- orchestrated by Mr.
Thiel -- the president-elect caressed Mr. Thiel's hand so affectionately that
body language experts went into a frenzy. I note that he looked uneasy being
petted in front of his peers.

''I was thinking, 'I hope this doesn't look too weird on TV,''' he says.

I ask if he had to twist arms to lure some of the anti-Trump tech titans, like
Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk.

''I think, early on, everybody was worried that they would be the only person to
show up,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''At the end, everybody was worried they would be the
only person not to show up. I think the bigger tech companies all wanted to get
a little bit off the ledge that they had gotten on.

''Normally, if you're a C.E.O. of a big company, you tend to be somewhat
apolitical or politically pretty bland. But this year, it was this competition
for who could be more anti-Trump. 'If Trump wins, I will eat my sock.' 'I will
eat my shoe.' 'I will eat my shoe, and then I will walk barefoot to Mexico to
emigrate and leave the country.'

''Somehow, I think Silicon Valley got even more spun up than Manhattan. There
were hedge fund people I spoke to about a week after the election. They hadn't
supported Trump. But all of a sudden, they sort of changed their minds. The
stock market went up, and they were like, 'Yes, actually, I don't understand why
I was against him all year long.'''

Talking about how the Billy Bush tape was not so shocking if you've worked on
the Wall Street trading floor, Mr. Thiel says: ''On the one hand, the tape was
clearly offensive and inappropriate. At the same time, I worry there's a part of
Silicon Valley that is hyper-politically correct about sex. One of my friends
has a theory that the rest of the country tolerates Silicon Valley because
people there just don't have that much sex. They're not having that much fun.''

I note that several Silicon Valley companies have pre-emptively said they will
not help build a Muslim registry for the Trump administration. Will Palantir,
the data-mining company of which Mr. Thiel was a founder, and whose clients
include the N.S.A., the C.I.A. and the F.B.I., be involved in that? (Palantir's
C.E.O., Alex Karp, sat in at the Trump tech meeting.)

''We would not do that,'' Mr. Thiel says flatly.

When I ask him if he can explain to Mr. Trump that climate change is not a hoax
perpetrated by the Chinese, he offers a Chinese box of an answer: ''Does he
really think that? If he really thinks that, how would you influence that? If he
really thinks that and you could influence him, what would be the best way to do
it?''

One could have predicted Mr. Thiel's affinity for Mr. Trump by reading his 2014
book, ''Zero to One,'' in which he offers three prongs of his philosophy: 1) It
is better to risk boldness than triviality. 2) A bad plan is better than no
plan. 3) Sales matter just as much as product.

But he was portrayed as an outcast in Silicon Valley and denounced as a jerk for
supporting Mr. Trump and giving him $1.25 million. ''I didn't give him any money
for a long time because I didn't think it mattered, and then the campaign asked
me to,'' he says.

His critics demanded to know how someone who immigrated from Frankfurt to
Cleveland as a child could support a campaign so bristling with intolerance. How
could a gay man back someone who will probably nominate Supreme Court justices
inclined to limit rights for gays and women? How could a futurist support a cave
man who champions fossil fuels, puts profits over environmental protection and
insists that we can turn back the clock on the effects of globalization on
American workers?

''There are reduced expectations for the younger generation, and this is the
first time this has happened in American history,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''Even if
there are aspects of Trump that are retro and that seem to be going back to the
past, I think a lot of people want to go back to a past that was futuristic --
'The Jetsons,' 'Star Trek.' They're dated but futuristic.''

It is a theme he has struck before, that Silicon Valley has not fulfilled the
old dreams for bigger things. ''Cellphones distract us from the fact that the
subways are 100 years old,'' he says.

An article entitled ''Peter Thiel Is Poised to Become a National Villain,'' in
New York magazine, suggested he looked like he is enjoying that role.

He says he isn't. Yet the billionaire views the visceral torrent against him
with his usual rationality, surveying the scene deliberately, like the chess
prodigy he once was. ''I was surprised that it generated as much controversy as
it did,'' he says. ''There was a push to remove me from the board of Facebook,
which is kind of crazy, since I'm the longest-serving director there after
Zuckerberg.''

He recalls that he went through a lot of ''meta'' debates about Mr. Trump in
Silicon Valley. ''One of my good friends said, 'Peter, do you realize how crazy
this is, how everybody thinks this is crazy?' I was like: 'Well, why am I wrong?
What's substantively wrong with this?' And it all got referred back to
'Everybody thinks Trump's really crazy.' So it's like there's a shortcut, which
is: 'I don't need to explain it. It's good enough that everybody thinks
something. If everybody thinks this is crazy, I don't even have to explain to
you why it's crazy. You should just change your mind.'''

On the Russian hacking, Mr. Thiel says: ''There's a strong circumstantial case
that Russia did this thing. On the other hand, I was totally convinced that
there were W.M.D.s in Iraq in 2002, 2003.''

The reaction from the gay community has been harsh, with one writer in The
Advocate going so far as to suggest that Mr. Thiel was not even a gay man,
because he did not ''embrace the struggle.''

''I think Trump is very good on gay rights,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''I don't think he
will reverse anything. I would obviously be concerned if I thought otherwise.''

I ask if he's comfortable with the idea that Vice President-elect Mike Pence,
regarded in the gay community as an unreconstructed homophobe, is a heartbeat
away from the presidency.

''You know, maybe I should be worried but I'm not that worried about it,'' he
replies. ''I don't know. People know too many gay people. There are just all
these ways I think stuff has just shifted. For speaking at the Republican
convention, I got attacked way more by liberal gay people than by conservative
Christian people.

''I don't think these things will particularly change. It's like, even if you
appointed a whole series of conservative Supreme Court justices, I'm not sure
that Roe v. Wade would get overturned, ever. I don't know if people even care
about the Supreme Court. You know, you'd have thought the failure to have a vote
on Merrick [Garland] would be a massive issue. And somehow it mattered to
Democrats, but it didn't matter to the public at large.''

Would he like to get married and have kids?

He looks a bit started by the question, then says: ''Maybe.''

I ask him if he worries about the bromance with Vladimir V. Putin and Mr.
Trump's bizarre affinity for dictators. ''But should Russia be allied with the
West or with China?'' Mr. Thiel says. ''There are these really bad dictators in
the Middle East, and we got rid of them and in many cases there's even worse
chaos.''

So he doesn't worry about Mr. Trump sending an intemperate tweet and spurring a
war with North Korea?

''A Twitter war is not a real war,'' Mr. Thiel says.

If the worst fears of annihilation seem plausible, Mr. Thiel can always invest
more in his libertarian fantasy of a new society of Seasteads: islands at sea
with their own rules, starting with a French Polynesian lagoon. ''They're not
quite feasible from an engineering perspective,'' he says. ''That's still very
far in the future.''

He does think, though, that human violence is more of a risk than a pandemic or
robot army. ''It's the people behind the red-eyed robots that you need to be
scared of,'' he says.

Mr. Thiel is focused on ways to prolong life. He was intrigued by parabiosis, a
blood regeneration trial in which people over 35 would receive transfusions from
people aged 16 to 25 -- an experiment that Anne Rice gave a thumbs up to.

''Out of all the crazy things in this campaign, the vampire accusations were the
craziest,'' he says, adding that while blood transfusions may be helpful, there
may be harmful factors and ''we have to be very careful.''

''I have not done anything of the sort'' yet, he says about parabiosis. And
because of the publicity, he says, he is now he is sifting through hundreds of
proposals he has received from parabiosis ventures.

Mr. Thiel has, however, used human growth hormones and he has signed up for
cryogenics. ''We have to be more experimental in all our medical procedures,''
he says. ''We should not go gently into that good night.''

I ask why everyone in Silicon Valley seemed so obsessed with immortality.

''Why is everyone else so indifferent about their mortality?'' he replies.

He has invested in many biotech companies and has been advising the Trump
transition team on science. ''Science is technology's older brother who has
fallen on hard times,'' he says. ''I have some strong opinions on this. At the
F.D.A. today, aging is still not an indication for disease. And you're not
allowed to develop drugs that could stop aging. We have not even started yet.''

Given the passion of his friend Mr. Musk for colonizing Mars, has he influenced
Trump's thinking about NASA?

''It's this very large agency that has kind of lost its way over the last 30 to
40 years,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''When we went to the moon, it took less than a
decade from the time Kennedy announced it to the time we got there. Mars is
harder but surely possible.''

He says Mr. Trump's foes want to cast the president-elect ''as this uniquely
evil person, Trump as Hitler; that doesn't strike me as remotely plausible.''

Over a four-hour dinner of duck and chocolate dessert -- a surprisingly
sybaritic meal for a man who admits he is prone to weird diets -- Mr. Thiel
shows, again and again, how he likes to ''flip around'' issues to see if
conventional wisdom is wrong, a technique he calls Pyrrhonian skepticism.

''Maybe I do always have this background program running where I'm trying to
think of, 'O.K., what's the opposite of what you're saying?' and then I'll try
that,'' he says. ''It works surprisingly often.'' He has even wondered if his
most famous investment, Facebook, contributes to herd mentality.

When I remark that President Obama had eight years without any ethical
shadiness, Mr. Thiel flips it, noting: ''But there's a point where no corruption
can be a bad thing. It can mean that things are too boring.''

When I ask if he is concerned about conflicts of interest, either for himself or
the Trump children, who sat in on the tech meeting, he flips that one, too: ''I
don't want to dismiss ethical concerns here, but I worry that 'conflict of
interest' gets overly weaponized in our politics. I think in many cases, when
there's a conflict of interest, it's an indication that someone understands
something way better than if there's no conflict of interest. If there's no
conflict of interest, it's often because you're just not interested.''

When I ask if Mr. Trump is ''casting'' cabinet members based on looks, Mr. Thiel
challenges me: ''You're assuming that Trump thinks they matter too much. And
maybe everyone else thinks they matter too little. Do you want America's leading
diplomat to look like a diplomat? Do you want the secretary of defense to look
like a tough general, so maybe we don't have to go on offense and we can stay on
defense? I don't know.''

When I ask about the incestuous amplification of the Facebook news feed, he
muses: ''There's nobody you know who knows anybody. There's nobody you know who
knows anybody who knows anybody, ad infinitum.''

Mr. Thiel and Mr. Trump are strange bedfellows, given that much of Mr. Thiel's
billions came from being one of the original investors in Facebook and Mr. Trump
recently said it's better to send important messages by courier. (''Well,'' Mr.
Thiel notes, ''one does have to be very careful with what one says in an
email.'')

The 70-year-old president-elect rose by wildly lunging with his Twitter rapier
in an ''unpresidented'' way in the first campaign that blended politics, social
media and reality. But the 49-year-old social-media visionary rarely updates his
Facebook page and doesn't tweet, ''because you always want to get things exactly
right'' and ''if you start doing it, you have to do it a lot.''

As Silicon Valley has devolved into a place that produces apps like one that
sends the word ''Yo,'' Mr. Thiel worries its thinking is ''not big enough to
take our civilization to the next level.''

When I ask if it is true that Jack Dorsey, Twitter's chief executive, wasn't
invited to the Trump tech meeting because the Trump camp was angry that Twitter
wouldn't let the Republican nominee create a ''Crooked Hillary'' emoji, Mr.
Thiel replies that ''there were people upset about that,'' but that he set up
the meeting according to the market caps of the bigger tech companies.

''I think the crazy thing is,'' he says, ''at a place like Twitter, they were
all working for Trump this whole year even though they thought they were working
for Sanders.''

Mr. Thiel says he fell into his role the Trump candidacy.

''It was one of my friends who called me up and said, 'Hey, would you like to be
a delegate at the Republican convention?''' he recalls. ''I said: 'Actually, I
kind of would. I think it would be fun to go.' Then, two weeks before the
election, they talked to me about speaking at the convention.''

I note that the audience in his hometown, Cleveland, gave him a great reception
when he appeared as only the third openly gay speaker at a Republican
convention.

''I'm not sure that my speech was that good,'' he says. ''I do think a lot of
other speeches were just very bad.''

He had his first conversation with the man whom he sometimes calls ''Mr. Trump''
at the convention, when the Manhattan mogul told the San Francisco mogul, ''You
were terrific. We're friends for life.'' Mr. Thiel never did go to a Trump rally
or watch a whole video of one. ''I would think they were very repetitive,'' he
says.

He says that at the tech meeting, Mr. Trump showed ''a phenomenal understanding
of people. He's very charismatic, but it's because he sort of knows exactly what
to say to different people to put them at ease.''

I ask him if Mr. Trump and Mr. Musk are similar.

''I'm going to get in trouble, but they are, actually. They're both
grandmaster-level salespeople and these very much larger-than-life figures.''

He recalls a story from his and Mr. Musk's PayPal days, when Mr. Musk joined the
engineering team's poker game and bet everything on every hand, admitting only
afterward that it was his first time playing poker. Then there was the time they
were driving in Mr. Musk's McLaren F1 car, ''the fastest car in the world.'' It
hit an embankment, achieved liftoff, made a 360-degree horizontal turn, crashed
and was destroyed.

''It was a miracle neither of us were hurt,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''I wasn't wearing
a seatbelt, which is not advisable. Elon's first comment was, 'Wow, Peter, that
was really intense.' And then it was: 'You know, I had read all these stories
about people who made money and bought sports cars and crashed them. But I knew
it would never happen to me, so I didn't get any insurance.' And then we
hitchhiked the rest of the way to the meeting.''

Mr. Trump, with his litigious streak and his pugilistic attitude toward the
press and his threat to change the libel laws, naturally admired Mr. Thiel's
legal smackdown of Gawker. The tech titan was disturbed by the ''painful and
paralyzing'' stories published on the gossipy website and other blogs under the
Gawker banner, including a 2007 post that originally appeared on Valleywag
blithely headlined ''Peter Thiel Is Totally Gay, People.''

So he secretly financed the lawsuit filed by Terry Bollea (the real name of the
wrestler Hulk Hogan) against Gawker for posting an excerpt from a sex tape
showing Mr. Hogan with a friend's wife. A court ruled in Mr. Bollea's favor, in
a judgment of $140 million, which drove the site into bankruptcy. (The Gawker
founder Nick Denton, who is also gay, described Mr. Thiel to Vanity Fair as
''interesting -- and scary.'')

''It basically stands for the narrow proposition that you should not publish a
sex tape,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''I think that's an insult to journalists to suggest
that's journalism now. Transparency is good, but at some point it can go in this
very toxic direction.''

Just as there was ''a self-fulfilling Hillary bubble'' where ''everybody was
just too scared to say this was a really bad idea'' to support this ''very weak
candidate,'' Mr. Thiel believes Gawker manufactured ''a totally insane bubble
full of somewhat sociopathic people in New York.'' When the case went to court
in Florida, he contends, the culture that ''you could do whatever you wanted and
there were no consequences'' was exposed.

Savoring his victory, dismissing those who think the way to deal with vile and
invasive stories is to grow a thicker skin, Mr. Thiel dressed as Hulk Hogan for
the ''Villains and Heroes'' annual costume party last month, hosted on Long
Island by the Mercer family, who were big Trump donors. He shows me a picture on
his phone of him posing with Erik Prince, who founded the private military
company Blackwater, and Mr. Trump -- who had no costume -- but jokes that it was
''N.S.F.I.'' (Not Safe for the Internet.)

''There's some resonances between Hogan beating Gawker and Trump beating the
establishment in this country,'' Mr. Thiel says. Hulk Hogan was ''this crazy
person'' who didn't seem like the best plaintiff, but ''he didn't give up.''

Using two wrestling terms he learned, Mr. Thiel says that many people assumed
Mr. Trump was ''kayfabe'' -- a move that looks real but is fake. But then his
campaign turned into a ''shoot'' -- the word for an unscripted move that
suddenly becomes real.

''People thought the whole Trump thing was fake, that it wasn't going to go
anywhere, that it was the most ridiculous thing imaginable, and then somehow he
won, like Hogan did,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''And what I wonder is, whether maybe pro
wrestling is one of the most real things we have in our society and what's
really disturbing is that the other stuff is much more fake. And whatever the
superficialities of Mr. Trump might be, he was more authentic than the other
politicians. He sort of talked in a way like ordinary people talk. It was not
sort of this Orwellian newspeak jargon that so many of the candidates use. So he
was sort of real. He actually wanted to win.''

I ask Mr. Thiel about a prescient theory he proffered when I had dinner with him
at the convention -- again, flipping conventional wisdom -- that Hillary was
making a mistake by being too optimistic.

''If you're too optimistic, it sounds like you're out of touch,'' he says. ''The
Republicans needed a far more pessimistic candidate. Somehow, what was unusual
about Trump is, he was very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to
it.''

He says he has no plans to buy a place in Washington. ''One of the things that's
striking about talking to people who are politically working in D.C. is, it's so
hard to tell what any of them actually do,'' he says. ''It's a sort of place
where people measure input, not output. You have a 15-minute monologue
describing a 15-page résumé, starting in seventh grade.''

While many predict that Mr. Trump will crash and burn, Mr. Thiel does not think
he will regret his role.

''I always have very low expectations, so I'm rarely disappointed,'' he says.

I ask him how Mr. Trump, who is still putting out a lot of wacky, childish
tweets, has struck him during the transition. Isn't he running around with his
hair on fire?

''The hair seems fine,'' Mr. Thiel says. ''Mr. Trump seems fine.''

Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and
Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/11/fashion/peter-thiel-donald-trump-silicon-valle
y-technology-gawker.html

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Peter Thiel, a staunch supporter of President-elect Donald J.
Trump, at his condo on Union Square in Manhattan. He says Mr. Trump has ''a
phenomenal understanding of people.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDREW WHITE FOR THE NEW
YORK TIMES) (D1)
Top, Peter Thiel arriving at Trump Tower for a tech meeting with Donald J. Trump
in December. Body-language experts puzzled over the president-elect's caress of
Mr. Thiel's hand, above, during the meeting. ''I was thinking, 'I hope this
doesn't look too weird on TV,''' Mr. Thiel says. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY KEVIN HAGEN FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES
ALBIN LOHR-JONES) (D7)
 Peter Thiel, at Trump Tower last fall, says, ''What was unusual about Trump is,
he was very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to it.''
(PHOTOGRAPH BY EDUARDO MUNOZ/REUTERS) (D8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              201 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

Peter Thiel, Trump's Tech Pal, Explains Himself;
With ... Peter Thiel

BYLINE: MAUREEN DOWD

SECTION: FASHION

LENGTH: 3497 words

ABSTRACT

The Silicon Valley billionaire and scourge of Gawker describes his admiration
for the president-elect, who told him, "We're friends for life."

FULL TEXT

Let others tremble at the thought that Donald J. Trump may go too far. Peter
Thiel worries that Mr. Trump may not go far enough.

"Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much," says the famed
venture capitalist, contrarian and member of the Trump transition team. "Well,
maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little. That seems like the
much more plausible risk to me."

Mr. Thiel is comfortable being a walking oxymoron: He is driven to save the
world from the apocalypse. Yet he helped boost the man regarded by many as a
danger to the planet.

"The election had an apocalyptic feel to it," says Mr. Thiel, wearing a gray
Zegna suit and sipping white wine in a red leather booth at the Monkey Bar in
Manhattan. "There was a way in which Trump was funny, so you could be
apocalyptic and funny at the same time. It's a strange combination, but it's
somehow very powerful psychologically."

At the recent meeting of tech executives at Trump Tower - orchestrated by Mr.
Thiel - the president-elect caressed Mr. Thiel's hand so affectionately that
body language experts went into a frenzy. I note that he looked uneasy being
petted in front of his peers.

"I was thinking, 'I hope this doesn't look too weird on TV,'" he says.

I ask if he had to twist arms to lure some of the anti-Trump tech titans, like
Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk.

"I think, early on, everybody was worried that they would be the only person to
show up," Mr. Thiel says. "At the end, everybody was worried they would be the
only person not to show up. I think the bigger tech companies all wanted to get
a little bit off the ledge that they had gotten on.

"Normally, if you're a C.E.O. of a big company, you tend to be somewhat
apolitical or politically pretty bland. But this year, it was this competition
for who could be more anti-Trump. 'If Trump wins, I will eat my sock.' 'I will
eat my shoe.' 'I will eat my shoe, and then I will walk barefoot to Mexico to
emigrate and leave the country.'

"Somehow, I think Silicon Valley got even more spun up than Manhattan. There
were hedge fund people I spoke to about a week after the election. They hadn't
supported Trump. But all of a sudden, they sort of changed their minds. The
stock market went up, and they were like, 'Yes, actually, I don't understand why
I was against him all year long.'"

Talking about how the Billy Bush tape was not so shocking if you've worked on
the Wall Street trading floor, Mr. Thiel says: "On the one hand, the tape was
clearly offensive and inappropriate. At the same time, I worry there's a part of
Silicon Valley that is hyper-politically correct about sex. One of my friends
has a theory that the rest of the country tolerates Silicon Valley because
people there just don't have that much sex. They're not having that much fun."

I note that several Silicon Valley companies have pre-emptively said they will
not help build a Muslim registry for the Trump administration. Will Palantir,
the data-mining company of which Mr. Thiel was a founder, and whose clients
include the N.S.A., the C.I.A. and the F.B.I., be involved in that? (Palantir's
C.E.O., Alex Karp, sat in at the Trump tech meeting.)

"We would not do that," Mr. Thiel says flatly.

When I ask him if he can explain to Mr. Trump that climate change is not a hoax
perpetrated by the Chinese, he offers a Chinese box of an answer: "Does he
really think that? If he really thinks that, how would you influence that? If he
really thinks that and you could influence him, what would be the best way to do
it?"

One could have predicted Mr. Thiel's affinity for Mr. Trump by reading his 2014
book, "Zero to One," in which he offers three prongs of his philosophy: 1) It is
better to risk boldness than triviality. 2) A bad plan is better than no plan.
3) Sales matter just as much as product.

But he was portrayed as an outcast in Silicon Valley and denounced as a jerk for
supporting Mr. Trump and giving him $1.25 million. "I didn't give him any money
for a long time because I didn't think it mattered, and then the campaign asked
me to," he says.

His critics demanded to know how someone who immigrated from Frankfurt to
Cleveland as a child could support a campaign so bristling with intolerance. How
could a gay man back someone who will probably nominate Supreme Court justices
inclined to limit rights for gays and women? How could a futurist support a cave
man who champions fossil fuels, puts profits over environmental protection and
insists that we can turn back the clock on the effects of globalization on
American workers?

"There are reduced expectations for the younger generation, and this is the
first time this has happened in American history," Mr. Thiel says. "Even if
there are aspects of Trump that are retro and that seem to be going back to the
past, I think a lot of people want to go back to a past that was futuristic -
'The Jetsons,' 'Star Trek.' They're dated but futuristic."

It is a theme he has struck before, that Silicon Valley has not fulfilled the
old dreams for bigger things. "Cellphones distract us from the fact that the
subways are 100 years old," he says.

An article entitled "Peter Thiel Is Poised to Become a National Villain," in New
York magazine, suggested he looked like he is enjoying that role.

He says he isn't. Yet the billionaire views the visceral torrent against him
with his usual rationality, surveying the scene deliberately, like the chess
prodigy he once was. "I was surprised that it generated as much controversy as
it did," he says. "There was a push to remove me from the board of Facebook,
which is kind of crazy, since I'm the longest-serving director there after
Zuckerberg."

He recalls that he went through a lot of "meta" debates about Mr. Trump in
Silicon Valley. "One of my good friends said, 'Peter, do you realize how crazy
this is, how everybody thinks this is crazy?' I was like: 'Well, why am I wrong?
What's substantively wrong with this?' And it all got referred back to
'Everybody thinks Trump's really crazy.' So it's like there's a shortcut, which
is: 'I don't need to explain it. It's good enough that everybody thinks
something. If everybody thinks this is crazy, I don't even have to explain to
you why it's crazy. You should just change your mind.'"

On the Russian hacking, Mr. Thiel says: "There's a strong circumstantial case
that Russia did this thing. On the other hand, I was totally convinced that
there were W.M.D.s in Iraq in 2002, 2003."

The reaction from the gay community has been harsh, with one writer in The
Advocate going so far as to suggest that Mr. Thiel was not even a gay man,
because he did not "embrace the struggle."

"I think Trump is very good on gay rights," Mr. Thiel says. "I don't think he
will reverse anything. I would obviously be concerned if I thought otherwise."

I ask if he's comfortable with the idea that Vice President-elect Mike Pence,
regarded in the gay community as an unreconstructed homophobe, is a heartbeat
away from the presidency.

"You know, maybe I should be worried but I'm not that worried about it," he
replies. "I don't know. People know too many gay people. There are just all
these ways I think stuff has just shifted. For speaking at the Republican
convention, I got attacked way more by liberal gay people than by conservative
Christian people.

"I don't think these things will particularly change. It's like, even if you
appointed a whole series of conservative Supreme Court justices, I'm not sure
that Roe v. Wade would get overturned, ever. I don't know if people even care
about the Supreme Court. You know, you'd have thought the failure to have a vote
on Merrick [Garland] would be a massive issue. And somehow it mattered to
Democrats, but it didn't matter to the public at large."

Would he like to get married and have kids?

He looks a bit startled by the question, then says: "Maybe."

I ask him if he worries about the bromance with Vladimir V. Putin and Mr.
Trump's bizarre affinity for dictators. "But should Russia be allied with the
West or with China?" Mr. Thiel says. "There are these really bad dictators in
the Middle East, and we got rid of them and in many cases there's even worse
chaos."

So he doesn't worry about Mr. Trump sending an intemperate tweet and spurring a
war with North Korea?

"A Twitter war is not a real war," Mr. Thiel says.

If the worst fears of annihilation seem plausible, Mr. Thiel can always invest
more in his libertarian fantasy of a new society of Seasteads: islands at sea
with their own rules, starting with a French Polynesian lagoon. "They're not
quite feasible from an engineering perspective," he says. "That's still very far
in the future."

He does think, though, that human violence is more of a risk than a pandemic or
robot army. "It's the people behind the red-eyed robots that you need to be
scared of," he says.

Mr. Thiel is focused on ways to prolong life. He was intrigued by parabiosis, a
blood regeneration trial in which people over 35 would receive transfusions from
people aged 16 to 25 - an experiment that Anne Rice gave a thumbs up to.

"Out of all the crazy things in this campaign, the vampire accusations were the
craziest," he says, adding that while blood transfusions may be helpful, there
may be harmful factors and "we have to be very careful."

"I have not done anything of the sort" yet, he says about parabiosis. And
because of the publicity, he says, he is now sifting through hundreds of
proposals he has received from parabiosis ventures.

Mr. Thiel has, however, used human growth hormones and he has signed up for
cryogenics. "We have to be more experimental in all our medical procedures," he
says. "We should not go gently into that good night."

I ask why everyone in Silicon Valley seemed so obsessed with immortality.

"Why is everyone else so indifferent about their mortality?" he replies.

He has invested in many biotech companies and has been advising the Trump
transition team on science. "Science is technology's older brother who has
fallen on hard times," he says. "I have some strong opinions on this. At the
F.D.A. today, aging is still not an indication for disease. And you're not
allowed to develop drugs that could stop aging. We have not even started yet."

Given the passion of his friend Mr. Musk for colonizing Mars, has he influenced
Trump's thinking about NASA?

"It's this very large agency that has kind of lost its way over the last 30 to
40 years," Mr. Thiel says. "When we went to the moon, it took less than a decade
from the time Kennedy announced it to the time we got there. Mars is harder but
surely possible."

He says Mr. Trump's foes want to cast the president-elect "as this uniquely evil
person, Trump as Hitler; that doesn't strike me as remotely plausible."

Over a four-hour dinner of duck and chocolate dessert - a surprisingly sybaritic
meal for a man who admits he is prone to weird diets - Mr. Thiel shows, again
and again, how he likes to "flip around" issues to see if conventional wisdom is
wrong, a technique he calls Pyrrhonian skepticism.

"Maybe I do always have this background program running where I'm trying to
think of, 'O.K., what's the opposite of what you're saying?' and then I'll try
that," he says. "It works surprisingly often." He has even wondered if his most
famous investment, Facebook, contributes to herd mentality.

When I remark that President Obama had eight years without any ethical
shadiness, Mr. Thiel flips it, noting: "But there's a point where no corruption
can be a bad thing. It can mean that things are too boring."

When I ask if he is concerned about conflicts of interest, either for himself or
the Trump children, who sat in on the tech meeting, he flips that one, too: "I
don't want to dismiss ethical concerns here, but I worry that 'conflict of
interest' gets overly weaponized in our politics. I think in many cases, when
there's a conflict of interest, it's an indication that someone understands
something way better than if there's no conflict of interest. If there's no
conflict of interest, it's often because you're just not interested."

When I ask if Mr. Trump is "casting" cabinet members based on looks, Mr. Thiel
challenges me: "You're assuming that Trump thinks they matter too much. And
maybe everyone else thinks they matter too little. Do you want America's leading
diplomat to look like a diplomat? Do you want the secretary of defense to look
like a tough general, so maybe we don't have to go on offense and we can stay on
defense? I don't know."

When I ask about the incestuous amplification of the Facebook news feed, he
muses: "There's nobody you know who knows anybody. There's nobody you know who
knows anybody who knows anybody, ad infinitum."

Mr. Thiel and Mr. Trump are strange bedfellows, given that much of Mr. Thiel's
billions came from being one of the original investors in Facebook and Mr. Trump
recently said it's better to send important messages by courier. ("Well," Mr.
Thiel notes, "one does have to be very careful with what one says in an email.")

The 70-year-old president-elect rose by wildly lunging with his Twitter rapier
in an "unpresidented" way in the first campaign that blended politics, social
media and reality. But the 49-year-old social-media visionary rarely updates his
Facebook page and doesn't tweet, "because you always want to get things exactly
right" and "if you start doing it, you have to do it a lot."

As Silicon Valley has devolved into a place that produces apps like one that
sends the word "Yo," Mr. Thiel worries its thinking is "not big enough to take
our civilization to the next level."

When I ask if it is true that Jack Dorsey, Twitter's chief executive, wasn't
invited to the Trump tech meeting because the Trump camp was angry that Twitter
wouldn't let the Republican nominee create a "Crooked Hillary" emoji, Mr. Thiel
replies that "there were people upset about that," but that he set up the
meeting according to the market caps of the bigger tech companies.

"I think the crazy thing is," he says, "at a place like Twitter, they were all
working for Trump this whole year even though they thought they were working for
Sanders."

Mr. Thiel says he fell into his role in the Trump candidacy.

"It was one of my friends who called me up and said, 'Hey, would you like to be
a delegate at the Republican convention?"' he recalls. "I said: 'Actually, I
kind of would. I think it would be fun to go.' Then, two weeks before the
election, they talked to me about speaking at the convention."

I note that the audience in his hometown, Cleveland, gave him a great reception
when he appeared as only the third openly gay speaker at a Republican
convention.

"I'm not sure that my speech was that good," he says. "I do think a lot of other
speeches were just very bad."

He had his first conversation with the man whom he sometimes calls "Mr. Trump"
at the convention, when the Manhattan mogul told the San Francisco mogul, "You
were terrific. We're friends for life." Mr. Thiel never did go to a Trump rally
or watch a whole video of one. "I would think they were very repetitive," he
says.

He says that at the tech meeting, Mr. Trump showed "a phenomenal understanding
of people. He's very charismatic, but it's because he sort of knows exactly what
to say to different people to put them at ease."

I ask him if Mr. Trump and Mr. Musk are similar.

"I'm going to get in trouble, but they are, actually. They're both
grandmaster-level salespeople and these very much larger-than-life figures."

He recalls a story from his and Mr. Musk's PayPal days, when Mr. Musk joined the
engineering team's poker game and bet everything on every hand, admitting only
afterward that it was his first time playing poker. Then there was the time they
were driving in Mr. Musk's McLaren F1 car, "the fastest car in the world." It
hit an embankment, achieved liftoff, made a 360-degree horizontal turn, crashed
and was destroyed.

"It was a miracle neither of us were hurt," Mr. Thiel says. "I wasn't wearing a
seatbelt, which is not advisable. Elon's first comment was, 'Wow, Peter, that
was really intense.' And then it was: 'You know, I had read all these stories
about people who made money and bought sports cars and crashed them. But I knew
it would never happen to me, so I didn't get any insurance.' And then we
hitchhiked the rest of the way to the meeting."

Mr. Trump, with his litigious streak and his pugilistic attitude toward the
press and his threat to change the libel laws, naturally admired Mr. Thiel's
legal smackdown of Gawker. The tech titan was disturbed by the "painful and
paralyzing" stories published on the gossipy website and other blogs under the
Gawker banner, including a 2007 post that originally appeared on Valleywag
blithely headlined "Peter Thiel Is Totally Gay, People."

So he secretly financed the lawsuit filed by Terry Bollea (the real name of the
wrestler Hulk Hogan) against Gawker for posting an excerpt from a sex tape
showing Mr. Hogan with a friend's wife. A court ruled in Mr. Bollea's favor, in
a judgment of $140 million, which drove the site into bankruptcy. (The Gawker
founder Nick Denton, who is also gay, described Mr. Thiel to Vanity Fair as
"interesting - and scary.")

"It basically stands for the narrow proposition that you should not publish a
sex tape," Mr. Thiel says. "I think that's an insult to journalists to suggest
that's journalism now. Transparency is good, but at some point it can go in this
very toxic direction."

Just as there was "a self-fulfilling Hillary bubble" where "everybody was just
too scared to say this was a really bad idea" to support this "very weak
candidate," Mr. Thiel believes Gawker manufactured "a totally insane bubble full
of somewhat sociopathic people in New York." When the case went to court in
Florida, he contends, the culture that "you could do whatever you wanted and
there were no consequences" was exposed.

Savoring his victory, dismissing those who think the way to deal with vile and
invasive stories is to grow a thicker skin, Mr. Thiel dressed as Hulk Hogan for
the "Villains and Heroes" annual costume party last month, hosted on Long Island
by the Mercer family, who were big Trump donors. He shows me a picture on his
phone of him posing with Erik Prince, who founded the private military company
Blackwater, and Mr. Trump - who had no costume - but jokes that it was
"N.S.F.I." (Not Safe for the Internet.)

"There's some resonances between Hogan beating Gawker and Trump beating the
establishment in this country," Mr. Thiel says. Hulk Hogan was "this crazy
person" who didn't seem like the best plaintiff, but "he didn't give up."

Using two wrestling terms he learned, Mr. Thiel says that many people assumed
Mr. Trump was "kayfabe" - a move that looks real but is fake. But then his
campaign turned into a "shoot" - the word for an unscripted move that suddenly
becomes real.

"People thought the whole Trump thing was fake, that it wasn't going to go
anywhere, that it was the most ridiculous thing imaginable, and then somehow he
won, like Hogan did," Mr. Thiel says. "And what I wonder is, whether maybe pro
wrestling is one of the most real things we have in our society and what's
really disturbing is that the other stuff is much more fake. And whatever the
superficialities of Mr. Trump might be, he was more authentic than the other
politicians. He sort of talked in a way like ordinary people talk. It was not
sort of this Orwellian newspeak jargon that so many of the candidates use. So he
was sort of real. He actually wanted to win."

I ask Mr. Thiel about a prescient theory he proffered when I had dinner with him
at the convention - again, flipping conventional wisdom - that Hillary was
making a mistake by being too optimistic.

"If you're too optimistic, it sounds like you're out of touch," he says. "The
Republicans needed a far more pessimistic candidate. Somehow, what was unusual
about Trump is, he was very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to
it."

He says he has no plans to buy a place in Washington. "One of the things that's
striking about talking to people who are politically working in D.C. is, it's so
hard to tell what any of them actually do," he says. "It's a sort of place where
people measure input, not output. You have a 15-minute monologue describing a
15-page résumé, starting in seventh grade."

While many predict that Mr. Trump will crash and burn, Mr. Thiel does not think
he will regret his role.

"I always have very low expectations, so I'm rarely disappointed," he says.

I ask him how Mr. Trump, who is still putting out a lot of wacky, childish
tweets, has struck him during the transition. Isn't he running around with his
hair on fire?

"The hair seems fine," Mr. Thiel says. "Mr. Trump seems fine."

Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and
Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      January 11, 2017 Wednesday 00:00 EST

Peter Thiel, Trump's Tech Pal, Explains Himself;
With ... Peter Thiel

BYLINE: MAUREEN DOWD

SECTION: FASHION

LENGTH: 3631 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Silicon Valley billionaire and scourge of Gawker describes his
admiration for the president-elect, who told him, "We're friends for life."


Let others tremble at the thought that Donald J. Trump may go too far. Peter
Thiel worries that Mr. Trump may not go far enough.

"Everyone says Trump is going to change everything way too much," says the famed
venture capitalist, contrarian and member of the Trump transition team. "Well,
maybe Trump is going to change everything way too little. That seems like the
much more plausible risk to me."

Mr. Thiel is comfortable being a walking oxymoron: He is driven to save the
world from the apocalypse. Yet he helped boost the man regarded by many as a
danger to the planet.

"The election had an apocalyptic feel to it," says Mr. Thiel, wearing a gray
Zegna suit and sipping white wine in a red leather booth at the Monkey Bar in
Manhattan. "There was a way in which Trump was funny, so you could be
apocalyptic and funny at the same time. It's a strange combination, but it's
somehow very powerful psychologically."

At the recent meeting of tech executives at Trump Tower - orchestrated by Mr.
Thiel - the president-elect caressed Mr. Thiel's hand so affectionately that
body language experts went into a frenzy. I note that he looked uneasy being
petted in front of his peers.

"I was thinking, 'I hope this doesn't look too weird on TV,'" he says.

I ask if he had to twist arms to lure some of the anti-Trump tech titans, like
Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk.

"I think, early on, everybody was worried that they would be the only person to
show up," Mr. Thiel says. "At the end, everybody was worried they would be the
only person not to show up. I think the bigger tech companies all wanted to get
a little bit off the ledge that they had gotten on.

"Normally, if you're a C.E.O. of a big company, you tend to be somewhat
apolitical or politically pretty bland. But this year, it was this competition
for who could be more anti-Trump. 'If Trump wins, I will eat my sock.' 'I will
eat my shoe.' 'I will eat my shoe, and then I will walk barefoot to Mexico to
emigrate and leave the country.'

"Somehow, I think Silicon Valley got even more spun up than Manhattan. There
were hedge fund people I spoke to about a week after the election. They hadn't
supported Trump. But all of a sudden, they sort of changed their minds. The
stock market went up, and they were like, 'Yes, actually, I don't understand why
I was against him all year long.'"

Talking about how the Billy Bush tape was not so shocking if you've worked on
the Wall Street trading floor, Mr. Thiel says: "On the one hand, the tape was
clearly offensive and inappropriate. At the same time, I worry there's a part of
Silicon Valley that is hyper-politically correct about sex. One of my friends
has a theory that the rest of the country tolerates Silicon Valley because
people there just don't have that much sex. They're not having that much fun."

I note that several Silicon Valley companies have pre-emptively said they will
not help build a Muslim registry for the Trump administration. Will Palantir,
the data-mining company of which Mr. Thiel was a founder, and whose clients
include the N.S.A., the C.I.A. and the F.B.I., be involved in that? (Palantir's
C.E.O., Alex Karp, sat in at the Trump tech meeting.)

"We would not do that," Mr. Thiel says flatly.

When I ask him if he can explain to Mr. Trump that climate change is not a hoax
perpetrated by the Chinese, he offers a Chinese box of an answer: "Does he
really think that? If he really thinks that, how would you influence that? If he
really thinks that and you could influence him, what would be the best way to do
it?"

One could have predicted Mr. Thiel's affinity for Mr. Trump by reading his 2014
book, "Zero to One," in which he offers three prongs of his philosophy: 1) It is
better to risk boldness than triviality. 2) A bad plan is better than no plan.
3) Sales matter just as much as product.

But he was portrayed as an outcast in Silicon Valley and denounced as a jerk for
supporting Mr. Trump and giving him $1.25 million. "I didn't give him any money
for a long time because I didn't think it mattered, and then the campaign asked
me to," he says.

His critics demanded to know how someone who immigrated from Frankfurt to
Cleveland as a child could support a campaign so bristling with intolerance. How
could a gay man back someone who will probably nominate Supreme Court justices
inclined to limit rights for gays and women? How could a futurist support a cave
man who champions fossil fuels, puts profits over environmental protection and
insists that we can turn back the clock on the effects of globalization on
American workers?

"There are reduced expectations for the younger generation, and this is the
first time this has happened in American history," Mr. Thiel says. "Even if
there are aspects of Trump that are retro and that seem to be going back to the
past, I think a lot of people want to go back to a past that was futuristic -
'The Jetsons,' 'Star Trek.' They're dated but futuristic."

It is a theme he has struck before, that Silicon Valley has not fulfilled the
old dreams for bigger things. "Cellphones distract us from the fact that the
subways are 100 years old," he says.

An article entitled "Peter Thiel Is Poised to Become a National Villain," in New
York magazine, suggested he looked like he is enjoying that role.

He says he isn't. Yet the billionaire views the visceral torrent against him
with his usual rationality, surveying the scene deliberately, like the chess
prodigy he once was. "I was surprised that it generated as much controversy as
it did," he says. "There was a push to remove me from the board of Facebook,
which is kind of crazy, since I'm the longest-serving director there after
Zuckerberg."

He recalls that he went through a lot of "meta" debates about Mr. Trump in
Silicon Valley. "One of my good friends said, 'Peter, do you realize how crazy
this is, how everybody thinks this is crazy?' I was like: 'Well, why am I wrong?
What's substantively wrong with this?' And it all got referred back to
'Everybody thinks Trump's really crazy.' So it's like there's a shortcut, which
is: 'I don't need to explain it. It's good enough that everybody thinks
something. If everybody thinks this is crazy, I don't even have to explain to
you why it's crazy. You should just change your mind.'"

On the Russian hacking, Mr. Thiel says: "There's a strong circumstantial case
that Russia did this thing. On the other hand, I was totally convinced that
there were W.M.D.s in Iraq in 2002, 2003."

The reaction from the gay community has been harsh, with one writer in The
Advocate going so far as to suggest that Mr. Thiel was not even a gay man,
because he did not "embrace the struggle."

"I think Trump is very good on gay rights," Mr. Thiel says. "I don't think he
will reverse anything. I would obviously be concerned if I thought otherwise."

I ask if he's comfortable with the idea that Vice President-elect Mike Pence,
regarded in the gay community as an unreconstructed homophobe, is a heartbeat
away from the presidency.

"You know, maybe I should be worried but I'm not that worried about it," he
replies. "I don't know. People know too many gay people. There are just all
these ways I think stuff has just shifted. For speaking at the Republican
convention, I got attacked way more by liberal gay people than by conservative
Christian people.

"I don't think these things will particularly change. It's like, even if you
appointed a whole series of conservative Supreme Court justices, I'm not sure
that Roe v. Wade would get overturned, ever. I don't know if people even care
about the Supreme Court. You know, you'd have thought the failure to have a vote
on Merrick [Garland] would be a massive issue. And somehow it mattered to
Democrats, but it didn't matter to the public at large."

Would he like to get married and have kids?

He looks a bit started by the question, then says: "Maybe."

I ask him if he worries about the bromance with Vladimir V. Putin and Mr.
Trump's bizarre affinity for dictators. "But should Russia be allied with the
West or with China?" Mr. Thiel says. "There are these really bad dictators in
the Middle East, and we got rid of them and in many cases there's even worse
chaos."

So he doesn't worry about Mr. Trump sending an intemperate tweet and spurring a
war with North Korea?

"A Twitter war is not a real war," Mr. Thiel says.

If the worst fears of annihilation seem plausible, Mr. Thiel can always invest
more in his libertarian fantasy of a new society of Seasteads: islands at sea
with their own rules, starting with a French Polynesian lagoon. "They're not
quite feasible from an engineering perspective," he says. "That's still very far
in the future."

He does think, though, that human violence is more of a risk than a pandemic or
robot army. "It's the people behind the red-eyed robots that you need to be
scared of," he says.

Mr. Thiel is focused on ways to prolong life. He was intrigued by parabiosis, a
blood regeneration trial in which people over 35 would receive transfusions from
people aged 16 to 25 - an experiment that Anne Rice gave a thumbs up to.

"Out of all the crazy things in this campaign, the vampire accusations were the
craziest," he says, adding that while blood transfusions may be helpful, there
may be harmful factors and "we have to be very careful."

"I have not done anything of the sort" yet, he says about parabiosis. And
because of the publicity, he says, he is now he is sifting through hundreds of
proposals he has received from parabiosis ventures.

Mr. Thiel has, however, used human growth hormones and he has signed up for
cryogenics. "We have to be more experimental in all our medical procedures," he
says. "We should not go gently into that good night."

I ask why everyone in Silicon Valley seemed so obsessed with immortality.

"Why is everyone else so indifferent about their mortality?" he replies.

He has invested in many biotech companies and has been advising the Trump
transition team on science. "Science is technology's older brother who has
fallen on hard times," he says. "I have some strong opinions on this. At the
F.D.A. today, aging is still not an indication for disease. And you're not
allowed to develop drugs that could stop aging. We have not even started yet."

Given the passion of his friend Mr. Musk for colonizing Mars, has he influenced
Trump's thinking about NASA?

"It's this very large agency that has kind of lost its way over the last 30 to
40 years," Mr. Thiel says. "When we went to the moon, it took less than a decade
from the time Kennedy announced it to the time we got there. Mars is harder but
surely possible."

He says Mr. Trump's foes want to cast the president-elect "as this uniquely evil
person, Trump as Hitler; that doesn't strike me as remotely plausible."

Over a four-hour dinner of duck and chocolate dessert - a surprisingly sybaritic
meal for a man who admits he is prone to weird diets - Mr. Thiel shows, again
and again, how he likes to "flip around" issues to see if conventional wisdom is
wrong, a technique he calls Pyrrhonian skepticism.

"Maybe I do always have this background program running where I'm trying to
think of, 'O.K., what's the opposite of what you're saying?' and then I'll try
that," he says. "It works surprisingly often." He has even wondered if his most
famous investment, Facebook, contributes to herd mentality.

When I remark that President Obama had eight years without any ethical
shadiness, Mr. Thiel flips it, noting: "But there's a point where no corruption
can be a bad thing. It can mean that things are too boring."

When I ask if he is concerned about conflicts of interest, either for himself or
the Trump children, who sat in on the tech meeting, he flips that one, too: "I
don't want to dismiss ethical concerns here, but I worry that 'conflict of
interest' gets overly weaponized in our politics. I think in many cases, when
there's a conflict of interest, it's an indication that someone understands
something way better than if there's no conflict of interest. If there's no
conflict of interest, it's often because you're just not interested."

When I ask if Mr. Trump is "casting" cabinet members based on looks, Mr. Thiel
challenges me: "You're assuming that Trump thinks they matter too much. And
maybe everyone else thinks they matter too little. Do you want America's leading
diplomat to look like a diplomat? Do you want the secretary of defense to look
like a tough general, so maybe we don't have to go on offense and we can stay on
defense? I don't know."

When I ask about the incestuous amplification of the Facebook news feed, he
muses: "There's nobody you know who knows anybody. There's nobody you know who
knows anybody who knows anybody, ad infinitum."

Mr. Thiel and Mr. Trump are strange bedfellows, given that much of Mr. Thiel's
billions came from being one of the original investors in Facebook and Mr. Trump
recently said it's better to send important messages by courier. ("Well," Mr.
Thiel notes, "one does have to be very careful with what one says in an email.")

The 70-year-old president-elect rose by wildly lunging with his Twitter rapier
in an "unpresidented" way in the first campaign that blended politics, social
media and reality. But the 49-year-old social-media visionary rarely updates his
Facebook page and doesn't tweet, "because you always want to get things exactly
right" and "if you start doing it, you have to do it a lot."

As Silicon Valley has devolved into a place that produces apps like one that
sends the word "Yo," Mr. Thiel worries its thinking is "not big enough to take
our civilization to the next level."

When I ask if it is true that Jack Dorsey, Twitter's chief executive, wasn't
invited to the Trump tech meeting because the Trump camp was angry that Twitter
wouldn't let the Republican nominee create a "Crooked Hillary" emoji, Mr. Thiel
replies that "there were people upset about that," but that he set up the
meeting according to the market caps of the bigger tech companies.

"I think the crazy thing is," he says, "at a place like Twitter, they were all
working for Trump this whole year even though they thought they were working for
Sanders."

Mr. Thiel says he fell into his role the Trump candidacy.

"It was one of my friends who called me up and said, 'Hey, would you like to be
a delegate at the Republican convention?"' he recalls. "I said: 'Actually, I
kind of would. I think it would be fun to go.' Then, two weeks before the
election, they talked to me about speaking at the convention."

I note that the audience in his hometown, Cleveland, gave him a great reception
when he appeared as only the third openly gay speaker at a Republican
convention.

"I'm not sure that my speech was that good," he says. "I do think a lot of other
speeches were just very bad."

He had his first conversation with the man whom he sometimes calls "Mr. Trump"
at the convention, when the Manhattan mogul told the San Francisco mogul, "You
were terrific. We're friends for life." Mr. Thiel never did go to a Trump rally
or watch a whole video of one. "I would think they were very repetitive," he
says.

He says that at the tech meeting, Mr. Trump showed "a phenomenal understanding
of people. He's very charismatic, but it's because he sort of knows exactly what
to say to different people to put them at ease."

I ask him if Mr. Trump and Mr. Musk are similar.

"I'm going to get in trouble, but they are, actually. They're both
grandmaster-level salespeople and these very much larger-than-life figures."

He recalls a story from his and Mr. Musk's PayPal days, when Mr. Musk joined the
engineering team's poker game and bet everything on every hand, admitting only
afterward that it was his first time playing poker. Then there was the time they
were driving in Mr. Musk's McLaren F1 car, "the fastest car in the world." It
hit an embankment, achieved liftoff, made a 360-degree horizontal turn, crashed
and was destroyed.

"It was a miracle neither of us were hurt," Mr. Thiel says. "I wasn't wearing a
seatbelt, which is not advisable. Elon's first comment was, 'Wow, Peter, that
was really intense.' And then it was: 'You know, I had read all these stories
about people who made money and bought sports cars and crashed them. But I knew
it would never happen to me, so I didn't get any insurance.' And then we
hitchhiked the rest of the way to the meeting."

Mr. Trump, with his litigious streak and his pugilistic attitude toward the
press and his threat to change the libel laws, naturally admired Mr. Thiel's
legal smackdown of Gawker. The tech titan was disturbed by the "painful and
paralyzing" stories published on the gossipy website and other blogs under the
Gawker banner, including a 2007 post that originally appeared on Valleywag
blithely headlined "Peter Thiel Is Totally Gay, People."

So he secretly financed the lawsuit filed by Terry Bollea (the real name of the
wrestler Hulk Hogan) against Gawker for posting an excerpt from a sex tape
showing Mr. Hogan with a friend's wife. A court ruled in Mr. Bollea's favor, in
a judgment of $140 million, which drove the site into bankruptcy. (The Gawker
founder Nick Denton, who is also gay, described Mr. Thiel to Vanity Fair as
"interesting - and scary.")

"It basically stands for the narrow proposition that you should not publish a
sex tape," Mr. Thiel says. "I think that's an insult to journalists to suggest
that's journalism now. Transparency is good, but at some point it can go in this
very toxic direction."

Just as there was "a self-fulfilling Hillary bubble" where "everybody was just
too scared to say this was a really bad idea" to support this "very weak
candidate," Mr. Thiel believes Gawker manufactured "a totally insane bubble full
of somewhat sociopathic people in New York." When the case went to court in
Florida, he contends, the culture that "you could do whatever you wanted and
there were no consequences" was exposed.

Savoring his victory, dismissing those who think the way to deal with vile and
invasive stories is to grow a thicker skin, Mr. Thiel dressed as Hulk Hogan for
the "Villains and Heroes" annual costume party last month, hosted on Long Island
by the Mercer family, who were big Trump donors. He shows me a picture on his
phone of him posing with Erik Prince, who founded the private military company
Blackwater, and Mr. Trump - who had no costume - but jokes that it was
"N.S.F.I." (Not Safe for the Internet.)

"There's some resonances between Hogan beating Gawker and Trump beating the
establishment in this country," Mr. Thiel says. Hulk Hogan was "this crazy
person" who didn't seem like the best plaintiff, but "he didn't give up."

Using two wrestling terms he learned, Mr. Thiel says that many people assumed
Mr. Trump was "kayfabe" - a move that looks real but is fake. But then his
campaign turned into a "shoot" - the word for an unscripted move that suddenly
becomes real.

"People thought the whole Trump thing was fake, that it wasn't going to go
anywhere, that it was the most ridiculous thing imaginable, and then somehow he
won, like Hogan did," Mr. Thiel says. "And what I wonder is, whether maybe pro
wrestling is one of the most real things we have in our society and what's
really disturbing is that the other stuff is much more fake. And whatever the
superficialities of Mr. Trump might be, he was more authentic than the other
politicians. He sort of talked in a way like ordinary people talk. It was not
sort of this Orwellian newspeak jargon that so many of the candidates use. So he
was sort of real. He actually wanted to win."

I ask Mr. Thiel about a prescient theory he proffered when I had dinner with him
at the convention - again, flipping conventional wisdom - that Hillary was
making a mistake by being too optimistic.

"If you're too optimistic, it sounds like you're out of touch," he says. "The
Republicans needed a far more pessimistic candidate. Somehow, what was unusual
about Trump is, he was very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to
it."

He says he has no plans to buy a place in Washington. "One of the things that's
striking about talking to people who are politically working in D.C. is, it's so
hard to tell what any of them actually do," he says. "It's a sort of place where
people measure input, not output. You have a 15-minute monologue describing a
15-page résumé, starting in seventh grade."

While many predict that Mr. Trump will crash and burn, Mr. Thiel does not think
he will regret his role.

"I always have very low expectations, so I'm rarely disappointed," he says.

I ask him how Mr. Trump, who is still putting out a lot of wacky, childish
tweets, has struck him during the transition. Isn't he running around with his
hair on fire?

"The hair seems fine," Mr. Thiel says. "Mr. Trump seems fine."

Continue following our fashion and lifestyle coverage on Facebook (Styles and
Modern Love), Twitter (Styles, Fashion and Weddings) and Instagram.

Peter Thiel, at Trump Tower last fall, says, "What was unusual about Trump is,
he was very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to it." EDUARDO
MUNOZ/REUTERS Peter Thiel arrives at Trump Tower for a meeting of tech
executives attended by Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos, among others. KEVIN HAGEN FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES Top, Peter Thiel arriving at Trump Tower for a tech meeting
with Donald J. Trump in December. Body-language experts puzzled over the
president-elect's caress of Mr. Thiel's hand, above, during the meeting. "I was
thinking, 'I hope this doesn't look too weird on TV,'" Mr. Thiel says. POOL
PHOTO BY ALBIN LOHR-JONES Peter Thiel, a staunch supporter of President-elect
Donald J. Trump, at his condo on Union Square in Manhattan. He says Mr. Trump
has "a phenomenal understanding of people." ANDREW WHITE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES

Related Articles


     ·    Confirm or Deny: Peter Thiel
     ·    Monsieur Vogue Is Leaving Trumpland
     ·    Confirm or Deny: André Leon Talley


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                             August 6, 2000, Sunday

Daddies' boys

BYLINE: Andrew Sullivan

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 4034 words


Which one will be president?

Al Gore and George W Bush are heading for a clash of destinies. One has spent
his life preparing for the battle; the other has had fun. Andrew Sullivan
dissects the two dauphins aspiring to lead America

Maybe if Al Gore and George W Bush weren't so alike, they would seem less
different. In fact, there has never been a modern race in which the backgrounds
of both candidates were so indistinguishable. Both are heirs to irrepressibly
political families, oldest sons of towering political fathers, fathers who still
dominate and overwhelm the ambitions of their sons.

Al Gore's dad was a Democratic senator from Tennessee, a man from a town called
Possum Hollow, who fashioned a political life whose liberal principles finally
estranged him from his constituents and ended in bitter defeat. George W Bush's
father went even further - to the presidency itself - but there he raised taxes
to save the country from fiscal collapse and, as a reward, went down in turn to
defeat.

Both sons grew up in small, regional towns - Bush in Midland, Texas, Gore in
Carthage, Tennessee - but both knew that their destiny lay elsewhere. Both went
through the crucible of the 1960s and emerged different men. Both lost their
sisters to early death. Both married young and well. Both toyed with the radical
edges of politics while never losing sight of the centre. Both now seek to
avenge their fathers and prove themselves at last, with no apologies. And they
have only each other in the way.

Yet it would be hard to find two men more different in personality, style,
manner. George W - "Dubya" - is a surprisingly small man, energetic but also
careless, charming and obviously a luck-pusher. It's extremely hard to find
anyone in his past who actively dislikes him and very few in his party whom he
has alienated. Last week even proud, prickly John McCain came around.

This personal cheeriness began early. "We all idolised him," Doro Bush Koch, his
sister, told The Washington Post recently. "He was always such fun and wild, you
always wanted to be with him because he was always daring ... He was on the edge
... We'd go out in the boat at night and that was always an adventure. Now, if
we went out in the boat at night with (my brother) Neil, you know that was fine
because he's a boatsman ... and he knew everything about it and still does.
George, on the other hand - it was more of a kind of a wild risky thing because
we're not sure that he, you know, could manage the boat as well."

Bush was popular wherever he went. He was the coolest guy in high school, the
president of his fraternity at Yale, a man whose campaign staff today is almost
identical to the one with which he first ran for Congress. They all still quite
obviously adore him.

The first time he tried campaigning, it was clear to everyone that he was
incredibly good at it, mixing easily with anyone from any walk of life, yucking
it up, always joking, dreaming up nicknames for almost anyone he met and
sticking with them for good. He has an undeniable touch of the Kennedys about
him - a sense that he's having a great time and that he'll be able to get the
right help if he actually needs to get something done. His charm will do the
rest.

Gore, on the other hand, is a large, handsome hulk of a man - but somewhat
difficult to warm to. He has never been an easy back-slapper or carefree
adventurer, and he regards small talk as the social equivalent of going to the
dentist. Unlike his rival, he regards the edge as something it is easy to fall
off.

Most childhood stories about Gore would make anyone cringe with embarrassment.
An old school teacher of his remembers a day when young Al Gore was on a field
trip with his classmates. At one point, the coach carrying the schoolboys broke
down and, while they waited for a replacement, the crowd of youngsters started
playing games in a nearby field. As the teacher watched the boys letting off
steam, he remembers young Al coming up to him and asking: "Sir, is this the time
to be rowdy?"

When Gore was the captain of his school football team, he reported to the coach
that his team-mates were drinking too hard and spending too much time with
girls. The team lost anyway. One friend of the family recalls that he was "an
egregious little tattle-tale".

Another childhood friend told the Post recently of the awful ordeal as a boy of
being trapped in a conversation between Gore and his father. "One day," the
friend recalled, "I had to sit on the back porch up in Carthage with Albert and
Al, and you know they don't talk about baseball and they don't talk about sex or
girls, they talk about issues and politics and things that ordinary people have
no interest in whatsoever, so it was very difficult to be included in that ...
Every now and then they'd ask, 'So what do you think of the Federal Reserve?' I
wasn't up for the Federal Reserve. It was awful!"

The journalist Michael Kinsley once remarked, with his usual acerbity, that in
his youth Al Gore was every old person's idea of what a young person should be.

But what Gore lacked in charm, he made up for in hard work and earnestness. He
was recently mocked for saying that he learnt as a boy how to milk cows and pull
ploughs in his native Tennessee, but the record shows that he did exactly that.
His father thought it would be good for him. From the beginning, Gore was being
groomed for power. Even his birth was reported on the front page of the local
newspaper, per the wishes of his powerful dad.

He grew up in the Fairfax hotel near Embassy Row in Washington DC, where his
father and mother entertained fellow pols and journalists, but was dragged back
to the Tennessee farm in the sultry summers to ensure he kept his Southern roots
for future political purposes. He was then sent to the most elite of
Washington's private schools, St Albans, just across the street from the
National Cathedral. It was, in short, about as weird and as strained a childhood
as one can imagine.

Dubya was far more blessed. His father, chafing under the influence of his own
oppressive parent, Senator Prescott Bush, relocated his young family to Midland,
a small oil town in Texas. He had an idyllic time of almost preternatural
normality: a local public school, little league baseball games, a doting mother
and a distant 1950s father desperately trying to make it big in the oil boom.

Most accounts describe a Dubya who is recognisable today: popular, funny,
reckless but also, beneath it all, kind. He was the sort of kid who made sure
the nerds all got a turn on the baseball team, who affected none of the young
earnestness of Gore but who also dealt with graver difficulties than Gore did.

When George W was only a child, his five-year-old sister Robin -then his only
sibling - started to complain of feeling constantly exhausted. Tests soon
revealed she had leukaemia. Within months, and after constant shuttling up and
down to hospitals in New York, Robin died. Barbara Bush was 28 and her hair
turned white. Her young son was kept completely in the dark about his sister's
illness - her absence had been explained away - and only found out one day when
he was picked up from school and asked why Robin wasn't in the car to greet him.
His mother told him the grim news. "But why didn't you tell me?" she remembers
him asking. "Why didn't you tell me?"

The kindness of Dubya is perhaps best illustrated by the care he subsequently
took of his mother. In the biographical video that preceded his acceptance
speech last Thursday night, Barbara Bush told another story that brings it out.
In the period after his sister's death, she remembers overhearing him in the
garden talking to a boyhood friend of his who was calling for him to come over
and play. "I can't play," she remembers young George explaining. "I need to
spend time with my mother. She's feeling lonely."

The bond mother and son forged in those months is evident even today. If Dubya
reveres his father, it is clear that his quick tongue, long memory and urge for
revenge come straight from his mother. It is the Silver Fox he loves and from
whom he has inherited not a small part of his steeliness. "I have my father's
eyes," he often says in his stump speeches, "but my mother's mouth."

For Dubya, Yale was an ordeal. For Gore, Harvard was a liberation. At the height
of student turmoil in the late 1960s, both sons had to deal with famous
political fathers - Bush Sr was a Nixon supporter, Gore Sr emerged as a dogged
opponent of the war and eventual ally of George McGovern - but the way they
dealt with it speaks volumes.

Dubya spent his student years drinking, partying and playing. He hated what he
saw as pretentious liberal intellectuals, he failed to understand what the
political turmoil was all about, and he clearly missed the days when the
not-so-bright sons of famous fathers could coast through college on their name
and money alone.

Gore spent his college years studiously trying to understand the new world that
was dawning. Like many of his more ambitious peers, he enrolled in Martin
Peretz's already famous seminar, which allegedly ended with the conclusion: Marx
+ Freud = Truth. Peretz was a young, radical lecturer in social studies, an
anti-war agitator, who went on to own and edit The New Republic. He was known
then, as he is known now, simply as Marty. But even in the late 1960s, Gore
insisted on calling him Mr Peretz.

Looking at pictures of Gore back then, it is hard not to be struck by how
handsome he was. There's a wonderful Harvard picture of him sitting next to the
future actor Tommy Lee Jones, and either one could have gone on to become a
Hollywood box office idol. But he impressed his tutors more than his peers. He
enrolled in an extra course with Richard Neustadt, an expert on the American
presidency, and wrote his thesis on the impact of television on the American
political executive. He wasn't a total "square" though. What's telling about
Gore is how even then he was aware of his stiffness and tried to overcome it.
Marijuana helped. According to friends, Gore frequently crashed on various sofas
having smoked a little too much. But he never lost sight of his father's legacy
and spent the 1968 Democratic convention inside the hall politicking rather than
outside rioting.

Perhaps no event captures the difference between George W Bush and Al Gore more
than Vietnam.

If you watched the Republican convention, it was hard not to be struck by the
way in which Bush and Dick Cheney attempted to describe the Democrats as the
party that was weak on defence and duty and honour. They were obviously
referring to that most famous draft-dodger of them all, Bill Clinton.

But the truth is that Cheney took student deferments to avoid the draft (he once
explained his absence from Vietnam by saying he had "other priorities" at the
time), and Bush finagled his way, thanks in part to his father's renown, into
the Texas National Guard, where he was safe from the fighting.

Gore went to war. He volunteered partly out of his own enduring sense of duty,
but also because he knew his father's career would be destroyed if he didn't. He
wasn't an infantryman (he was a military journalist) and he didn't serve his
full two years. But he went. He even sought tips to find out how he, as the son
of a senator, could avoid getting special treatment. To get a feel for the Gore
of the time, it's worth reading his letters home. The Washington Post printed
one last year that was striking - striking because it shows that beneath all his
pained sobriety, Gore is also capable of great candour and humour.

"Well, here I am," 22-year-old Gore wrote. "They put me in an Engineer Brigade,
in a public information office in Bien Hoa. It's the most incredibly bullshit
operation I've ever seen in my life ... You just wouldn't believe how outrageous
some of these people are. They're stoned continuously. I mean, all the time ...
It's just unbelievable. Actually, I suppose it's just a measure of how
spiritually debilitating this experience is for a lot of people." He went on:
"I've been bombarded with sensory patterns from all sides since I got here. All
I can say is it's astounding...One reason I started travelling right away was to
try to put the experience in some kind of perspective. For the same reason, I've
decided not to smoke (marijuana). Maybe once or twice, socially, but that's
all."

It's worth noticing, I think, that Bush, who supported the war in as much as he
gave it two seconds' worth of analysis, got out of it. Gore, who endlessly
analysed and earnestly opposed it, went to the front. Bush, who almost certainly
used drugs in what he has called his "irresponsible youth" (which lasted until
he was 40 years old) has never explicitly owned up to it. When Gore was asked
whether he had ever smoked cannabis in his youth, he immediately said he had. If
there is a character issue in this election, and if the subtext is about who is
the least like Clinton, then Gore wins hands down.

Gore came back from Vietnam to work as a journalist, and then to run for office
from Tennessee. In the Senate, with his usual diligence, he set about mastering
the intricacies of defence and environmental policy. This he did on his own,
retreating with mounds of books and papers and theses for days and weeks before
coming up with his own synthesis and understanding.

Prodded in part by his old mentor Peretz and by his close intellectual friend
Leon Fuerth, he moved to the right on defence matters and foreign policy. In
stark contrast to Bush, Gore was rarely happy in delegating important tasks to
others. He needed to understand the issues himself, even if he needed weeks of
study to do it.

In 1988, encouraged by the lack of any credible Southern candidate, he sought
the Democratic presidential nomination. It was the first year in which the
Southern Super Tuesday primary really counted. Gore did surprisingly well,
emerging from the battle to face Jesse Jackson and Michael Dukakis in the New
York primary. But in New York, where volatile emotion, racial rhetoric and a
tabloid press places a premium on natural, instinctive candidates, Gore was
eaten alive. He found himself in a classic fight between blacks and Jews and
never fully recovered.

In 1992 he ducked a second race - in part because of his brutal experience the
first time around and in part because he had been genuinely shaken up by the
near-death of his only son in a car accident and his sister's early death from
lung cancer. But then, a come-from-nowhere rival Southern governor asked him to
become his running mate.

Clinton knew he needed someone with Gore's integrity, solidity and brains to
provide ballast to the ticket. Gore calculated that he needed Clinton's people
skills if he was ever going to make it to the top. They made a surprising
pairing. If they shared enormous intellectual ability, they were utterly unlike
each other. As each year passed, it was perhaps inevitable that Clinton's
shadiness and slickness would begin to tarnish Gore.

In office, Gore did the hard things and he did them well - the painstaking work
of streamlining government, mastering telecommunications policy, forging a new
relationship with Russia, grappling with environmental concerns with the touch
of an intellectual master.

He is still a real thinker, if sometimes a ponderous one. In a recent interview
with The New Yorker, he expatiated on the importance of metaphor and the way
scientific advances happen.

"The process goes on all the time," Gore elaborated. "What is it that speeds up
the process? There is a scientific phenomenon that is called the self-sameness
principle. It appears in fractal theory. If you look at a map of the coastline
of New Jersey and then magnify it 100 times, and then magnify that 1,000 times,
the basic design of the ins and outs of the coastline will be the same at every
level of magnification. And they call that the self-sameness principle ..."

Everything clear now? There are sentences which Gore can speak that are longer
than any sentences that Bush has ever read.

Bush lets others do the thinking - preferably members of minority groups whom
his daddy recommends. He has always been more interested in doing things than in
thinking about them. While Gore was thinking deeply and helping to run the
country, Bush was busy trying to make a living in the oil business in Texas.

His first effort was a dismal failure. His fledgling oil company took a hit in
the mid-1980s with falling oil prices and ran up close to $ 3m in debt. Bush was
in the awkward position of telling his investors that they would lose their
money and hoping for a white knight bailout. The white knight eventually arrived
in the form of a bigger energy company, Harken Oil, which bought the company's
assets, put Dubya on its board and absorbed its mounting debt. Several Texan
sources have claimed that part of Harken's motivation was to get a Bush on its
board - Dubya's dad was then vice-president. Bush got a very sweet deal: a large
amount of Harken stock, hefty consulting fees (even though he was then working
for his father's re-election campaign), and a way to save face. The only people
who took a hit were his original investors.

He used some of his remuneration to invest in a baseball team, the Texas
Rangers, borrowing the rest. In June of 1990 he sold his Harken stock for $ 6 a
share. By August the company reported second-quarter losses that were three
times the losses of the second quarter the previous year. The stock plummeted to
just over $ 2. Coincidence? The timely sale was fishy enough to warrant a
Securities and Exchange Commission investigation, but nothing was proven.

So, like his father, George W never made much money in the oil business. He made
it by investing in a baseball team that was poised to make the big leagues. With
a little assistance from taxpayers who helped fund a new stadium, Bush made an
eventual small fortune of close to $ 15m, when the franchise was sold last year.
Once again, it's very hard to find anyone from this time with a bad word to say
about him.

From the mid-1980s on, he charmed his way through dubious business practices,
failed entrepreneurship and a useful last name to be poised - incredibly - to
challenge Ann Richards, the then governor of Texas. All of this came as a big
surprise. His parents had long since abandoned hope that their rambunctious
first son would ever rival his younger brother Jeb, who was making a name for
himself in Florida politics, eventually becoming governor. Jeb was the smart
one, and the fraternal rivalry and loyalty were as intense as that combustible
relationship between Jack and Bobby Kennedy.

For the longest time, Dubya's drinking problems and lack of focus seemed to doom
him to being runner-up. But at some point in the mid-1980s he pulled himself
together. At a family gathering, he sought out Billy Graham and conversed with
him about faith. After one particularly heavy night of drinking, he suddenly
stopped and hasn't had a drop since. He joined a Bible study class. By the grace
of God, he seemed to crawl back.

Few expected Dubya to win his first big race. He was woefully unqualified even
for the nominal position of Texas governor. Texas is best described as a lightly
governed place; the legislature does most of the work, although it is hardly
ever in session. But few realised at the time that the post of figurehead
governor devoted to getting other power-mongers to co-operate was actually ideal
for Bush.

Richards, a popular Democrat, was riding high and contemptuous of her preppy
rival. She had brought down the 1988 Democratic convention by describing Bush Sr
as a man who was "born with a silver foot in his mouth". Bush Jr remembered.
Dismissed early on as a light-weight, he put together a professional campaign,
kept to a relentlessly disciplined message and needled his opponent, who
consistently underestimated him. Sound familiar? In 1994, Bush won the
governorship. Four years later, having charmed the pants off his Democratic
"good old boy" opponents, he won re-election in a landslide. For all the
predictability of the current race, it's worth perhaps remembering how unlikely
it actually is. If someone had said in 1986 that Gore would be the Democratic
nominee in 2000, most commentators would have been surprised but not shocked. If
someone had said that his opponent would be George W Bush - who had not yet
sobered up - and that Bush would be close to 10 points ahead in early August, he
would have been dismissed as completely out of his mind.

Politics is a fickle business and this race shows it in Technicolor. It is a
race between the tortoise and the hare, except the hare is ahead.

Gore's strength is that he is one of the most qualified men ever to run for the
presidency. His dogged seriousness and integrity are only highlighted by the
irony that he was brought to this moment by one of the sleaziest presidents in
history. Last week, both Dick Cheney and George W attempted to merge the figures
of Clinton and Gore into one. They are aware of the unfairness of this, but also
of its potential effectiveness.

Gore, for his part, has learnt from Clinton the dark arts of brutal campaigning.
He knows how to raise money and he knows how to debate. He bulldozed Bill
Bradley out of the race earlier this year with shameless distortions of
Bradley's record and relentless ambushing in debates.

Gore, in other words, will be extremely well prepared for the autumn battle and
he will do whatever he can to demolish George W. But for all his ambition he is
also indefatigably an idealist, a man bent on vindicating the idealism of his
now dead father. He has literally waited his life for this. And in an important
sense, he has deserved it.

Bush's strength, in contrast, is almost the exact opposite. Nobody is more
surprised by this turn of events than he is. In the highly unlikely event of a
son succeeding his father to the presidency, it was supposed to be Jeb on the
family throne. Dubya was destined - or so everyone thought - to be palling
around with his old college and school buddies for the rest of his life.

In the end, Jeb's Latino wife and telegenic Latino son, George P, have helped
Bush appeal to Hispanics, a critical voting bloc in New York, California,
Florida and Texas. Dubya's own fluent Spanish helped, and playing Ricky Martin
anthems in Philadelphia didn't hurt either.

But this was mere window-dressing. If Bush is elected, he will be the least
qualified president since Gerald Ford. (Ronald Reagan, with whom Dubya is
sometimes compared intellectually, was no mere figurehead as governor of
California, and he believed in something.) To his credit, Bush understands this.
"If it works, great," he said recently. "And I believe I can do the job. And if
it doesn't work, that's just the way it goes and I'll come back home and my
wife'll love me, the dog'll love me, the cats will play like they don't but they
really will." As to the minutiae of campaigning, he won't sweat the details.

What started as a supremely dull race is actually becoming a riveting one, not
because it pits two scions of old families against one another; nor because it
sets up a liberal Republican against a conservative Democrat; nor even because
it features the first real contest entirely within the baby-boom generation.

It is riveting because it offers a case study in the importance of character. On
the one hand, we have competence and integrity and idealism. On the other, we
have compassion and charm and optimism. On one side, we have a man who thinks
before he acts. On the other, we have a man who acts and lets others think.

In Gore, we have experience and dedication. In Bush, we have serendipity and
skill. And yet it is Gore who seems to be running on the theme of good times and
Bush who is running on the need for a new moral purpose. It's not the first of
the ironies of this campaign. And, if the past of these two men is any guide, it
also won't be the last.


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: USA Presidential elections

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              204 of 221 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           September 19, 2004 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

HOT TICKET? CONCERT FANS LEFT IN THE COLD;
FIRST ONLINE OR IN LINE DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE BEST SEATS IN THE HOUSE

BYLINE: JOHNNA A. PRO, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. G-1

LENGTH: 3359 words


May 15, 2004. In Charleston, W.Va., computer programmer and Parrot Head Malcolm
Cooper is on line waiting for the exact minute that tickets go on sale for the
Sept. 2 Jimmy Buffett concert at the Post-Gazette Pavilion.

Ticketmaster already has his vital statics, including his credit card number. In
theory, he's a step ahead of less savvy ticket buyers because he doesn't have to
input any information to the computer other than the number of tickets he wants.
Besides, his computer is synchronized to an Internet clock and he's pretty adept
at striking the refresh button.

"Within a couple seconds of it changing to 10 a.m., the tickets went on sale,"
Cooper recalled. "I hit the link, put in the number of tickets, which was six,
and said: Find me the seats."

Less than two minutes later, he got a response.

The only tickets available were the $36 lawn tickets.

Cooper made a split-second decision to try again, hoping to score the pricier
$69.50 seats under the pavilion's cover.

He ordered a second search.

At 10:04 a.m. he got the result.

SOLD OUT.

Cooper was not alone.

Thousands of people vying for the pavilion's 22,683 tickets were disappointed
that morning. But they certainly weren't out of luck.

Ticket brokers and scalpers all over the country had plenty of Buffet tickets
available right up until show time, including those in the coveted covered
seats.

Cooper and his wife usually attend Buffett concerts once a year with friends,
including Cliff Gillespie of Dillsburg, York County, who is also a computer
programmer.

"It was stunning," Gillespie said. "The thing that floored me was that they were
gone so quickly. I just can't imagine that happening in four or five minutes."

But, in fact, it does happen, more often than the buying public realizes, and
for reasons driven by technology and market forces.

Foremost among problems facing ticket purchasers is the fact that no venue ever
releases all of its tickets to be sold.

In the case of the Post-Gazette Pavilion, for example, there are a possible
22,683 seats for most shows, 15,500 of which are on the lawn. The remainder,
approximately 7,200, are under cover. But as was the case with Buffett, only
6,500 tickets actually were available under the roof.

A few dozen of the unavailable seats are held by season ticket-holders. But the
rest are in a pool of holdouts, never released by the artist and venue to
Ticketmaster, the behemoth that controls tickets sales at the Post-Gazette
Pavilion and 90 percent of the venues around the country.

What's more, given today's technology, there are an infinite number of people
vying for a finite number of seats for any concert, making ticket buying a
national phenomenon, not just a local event. Included in that pool are
sophisticated ticket brokers from around the country whose ability to buy
tickets is far greater than that of any individual.

And whether consumers are trying to buy tickets at outlets, via the computer or
over the phone, all are tied into the same network, at least with regard to
Ticketmaster. So it is possible that at any given time, all tickets are sold or
in the process of being sold, even if for a few seconds or a few minutes at a
time.

"It's not inconceivable that a really popular concert can sell out in three or
four minutes," said Neil Glazer general counsel for SCI Ticketing, based in
Colorado. "There's growth in the whole secondary market," those people who buy
tickets from someone who already has them.

The hold-outs

One of the key reasons "good seats" aren't always immediately available to the
general public is because they're usually in a block of holdout tickets, those
not controlled by Ticketmaster or any other company contracted by a venue or
promoter to sell tickets.

Those hold-out tickets are spoken for in advance, usually as part of the
artist's contract.

In some cases, those tickets are set aside by an artist for his or her fans and
then sold via the artist's Web site or through fan clubs around the country in
advance of the public ticket sale. The practice was begun by the Grateful Dead
in the 1980s and is used today by superstars like Buffett as well as
up-and-coming club bands.

"They really set the model for people," said Jim Donovan, drummer for Rusted
Root, a Pittsburgh band that has drawn a national following.

The Grateful Dead, with its loyal fan base, was able to command as much as 50
percent of any venue's tickets to sell to its followers via mail-order without
using any middle man, such as Ticketmaster. Few artists wield that kind of power
today, but as ticket prices soar and computers make selling easier, many artists
are trying for more control in an effort to reward their staunchest supporters
and pocket the service charges.

SCI Ticketing, for example, was formed by the band String Cheese Incident to
sell concert tickets to fans. Its efforts led to a lawsuit against Ticketmaster
over the number of holdouts that band and others could command. The case was
settled out of court, and neither side will discuss the terms.

But generally speaking, and as dictated by Ticketmaster, most artists can
command roughly 8 percent of a house. For club and theater acts, especially,
it's a way to keep ticket prices lower because the bands typically don't charge
service fees as high as Ticketmaster.

SCI Ticketing is now working directly with smaller bands to sell their fan
holdout tickets.

"We're slowly building," Glazer said. "We did a significant amount for the
Pixies tour. Being able to sell tickets to fans at a reasonable price is a
valuable way for the artist to connect with the fans and vice versa."

As part of its contracts, Rusted Root usually alerts its fan club members via
e-mail on Fridays that the band has tickets for an upcoming show. That gives
loyal followers two or three days to buy tickets directly from the band through
the online ticket service MusicToday before the tickets are offered publicly on
the following Monday.

"They can go [to the Web site] and not pay the enormous horrible surcharges that
Ticketmaster applies," Donovan said. "The structure of the deal is, we get first
grabs at the tickets. However many we sell, we sell. Then the promoter or venue
gets the rest to sell to the general public. It hasn't been a problem recently.
But a couple of years ago, when we were doing the arenas, it was a different
story. In those days, we had trouble [that ranged] from brokers taking all the
good seats to people bootlegging our merchandise. It's part of the monster the
music business created."

Unlike SCI Ticketing, MusicToday and Ticketmaster never went to court. Instead
MusicToday agreed not to sue Ticketmaster for strong-arming venues into limiting
the holdouts. In return Ticketmaster agreed to allow MusicToday to sell holdout
tickets for up to half the house for its biggest clients.

The holdout tickets also can include those set aside for an artist's family,
friends and business associates.

In Topeka, Kan., for example, Rusted Root may have zero people on the guest
list, where as in Pittsburgh, the band's hometown, there might be 200 to 300
people when you total up the family and friends of all six band members plus
business associates.

With every show, promoters also get tickets, as do venue executives, marketing
agents, the media and a host of others involved in a concert, including radio
stations that might use them for contest giveaways. The Post-Gazette typically
gets between 10 to 20 tickets for shows at the Post-Gazette Pavilion because it
bought the naming rights to the venue owned by Clear Channel. The newspaper uses
show tickets as a perk for advertisers.

Because of holdouts, by the time tickets go on sale for any show, there might be
hundreds of the best seats not available, or in the case of a superstar
performing in a huge venue such as a stadium, thousands of tickets set aside.

"There are just all these lists," said SCI's Glazer. "The holdouts can range
from a couple of percent to, I don't know, 15 to 20 percent of the venue, and
that includes what the artist might get to sell to their fans."

Scalpers' mark-up

In Pennsylvania, the law defines a scalper as anyone who tries to sell a ticket
for a price that exceeds the face value by more than $5 or 25 percent, whichever
is higher.

The college student standing down the hill from Mellon Arena selling and buying
tickets can be a scalper, as can the executive hawking tickets on eBay, as can
the companies that advertise in the classified sections of this newspaper and
others.

Individual scalpers can be anyone who purchases a ticket or who receives one of
the holdout tickets and then resells it for a profit, whether he does it within
months of a concert or hours beforehand.

It's not uncommon for people to buy more tickets to a show than they need so
they can resell the others, even with a modest boost in the ticket price, and
recoup some of the money for their own tickets.

Stephen Happel, an Arizona State University economics professor who has written
extensively on the topic of brokering tickets, bought eight seats for a New Kids
on the Block concert when the band was topping the charts, thinking he'd take
his two daughters and sell the rest.

"The problem was, every other parent thought the same thing," Happel said.
"People were giving tickets away."

In Pennsylvania, a gray area exists applying the law because the question isn't
just how much a ticket is sold for, but how it's being sold.

Under state law, any person or business selling tickets must be registered as a
ticket seller in each county where it does business. Doing so gives it the
leeway to charge the additional $5 or 25 percent more than the face value of a
ticket.

Clearly if a person or company operating inside the state line uses a post
office box or local phone exchange, for example, the attorney general's office
can and has prosecuted when the additional charges exceed what is allowed.
District attorneys also have the authority to prosecute such cases.

Harder to police, however, are the individuals and companies based in other
states selling tickets over the phone or by computer.

With Buffett, for example, some of the best seats available through toll-free
numbers or Web sites ranged from $500 to upward of $1,000, far more than the top
price of $69.50.

Deputy Attorney General Marica Telek DePaula believes the law applies to any
person or broker charging more than the law allows.

"If you're selling to Pennsylvania residents for events located in Pennsylvania,
then this law applies to you regardless of where you're located," DePaula said.

She is suing Robert A. and Jamie L. Mazzie of Upper St. Clair, who operate AAA
Prime Time Tickets, Inc., based in Wheeling, W.Va. The two are accused of
selling concert and sports tickets in Pennsylvania at markups ranging from 29 to
80 percent above face value.

But even a quick glance at the Post-Gazette classified section or a Google
search for concert tickets quickly shows that the Mazzies' business isn't unlike
several hundred around the country. And law enforcement officials concede the
amount of brokering and scalping far exceeds the government's ability to police
what many consider to be a victimless crime.

"We try to address the problem as best we can," DePaula said. "But the Internet
is a gray area. There are cases out there where the courts are trying to decide
who has jurisdiction."

Edward B. Friedman, the Mazzies' attorney, said the state's 20th-century ticket
law is simply inadequate, considering today's 21st-century technology.

"In our opinion, this statue -- which is an old statute and which has not been
updated -- does not apply to companies who sell tickets from outside the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and over the Internet," Friedman said. "If the
legislature wanted to cover those entities it could have written or corrected
the statute to say so. The commonwealth is overreaching its authority by trying
to regulate companies from throughout the United States who do not have a
presence in Pennsylvania."

Brokers play the odds

Ticketmaster holds contracts with venues and promoters around the country,
including Clear Channel, putting it in control -- by far -- of the largest
amount of tickets for sale to any show in the primary market (that is to say,
the people who first buy tickets).

Next in line, though, are the ticket brokers, the people who serve the secondary
market: people who want tickets but couldn't get them from Ticketmaster.
Brokers' livelihoods are built on playing the odds -- in this case the concert
market -- and having tickets available for virtually any event.

"Our members our basically businesspeople," said Gary Adler, general counsel for
the National Association of Ticket Brokers. "They exist to provide a valuable
service."

Said one industry insider: "It's the ultimate form of capitalism. It's hard for
me to argue against that."

Arizona's Happel and others say they hear persistent rumors about scalpers and
brokers cutting deals with Ticketmaster outlet employees to grab tickets in
advance, but little evidence exists that that is the case. In fact, on occasion
when it has occurred, Ticketmaster has taken swift punitive action. Even the
company's critics say it isn't likely the corporation as an entity cuts side
deals.

"It doesn't happen very often, but when it does, they do get rid of that person
immediately," Happel said.

And while the term "scalper" may have undertones of shadiness to it, most
brokers get tickets legitimately for concerts, sporting events, and theater
productions.

"It is not from having some magic at the box office," Adler said. "It's just
old-fashioned hard work."

The reality is that brokering tickets is a big-money business and the best
brokers have huge organizations in place to get the tickets they need.

"In a significant numbers, they're getting them legally," Happel said. "It's
just that they're doing it in big numbers."

The easiest way for a broker to get tickets is by investing in season tickets to
any number of concerts or making agreements with other season ticket holders to
trade tickets or buy their tickets. In either case, the broker is sure to have
"good seats" to any number of shows.

Like individual buyers, brokers wait for the day a particular concert might go
on sale. But unlike the individual who can work only one computer, dial one
phone or stand in one line, brokers spread their resources across the board
using technology or people.

That means that while you're one person trying to buy say two or four tickets, a
broker may have several people at computers buying eight tickets, the usual
limit; dozens of people on phones calling in; and any number of homeless people
or others being paid to stand in line. The sheer volume of a broker's
organization means that the odds he'll end up with tickets are far better than
any one buyer.

What's more, while you might be calling your local Ticketmaster number trying
for tickets, let's say for Buffett at the Post-Gazette Pavilion, a broker may be
getting through more easily by dialing the company's charge-by-phone number
somewhere else in the country.

Brokers also sell to each other, so if Buffett's concert is in Pittsburgh,
brokers from around the country may be trying to get tickets for the show here.

Finally, a good broker most likely has cultivated sources in the music industry
and can get his hands on any number of hold-out tickets given to industry
executives or, in some cases, from fan club members. They also join fan clubs.

It's for these reasons, fans may see tickets for sale in advance of a concert or
within a day or two of a sold out show.

"They are truly an entrepreneurial crowd," Happel said. "They live on the edge
of markets. They're the epitome of the rugged entrepreneur. They're putting
their money on the line and they make these calls on how to read the market
place."

Online vs. in line vs. on the line

In the early days of rock 'n' roll, fans wanting to attend a concert typically
had to camp out, or at least stand in line at a box office, to get tickets.

The rise of Ticketron and then Ticketmaster put an end to that practice, because
charge-by-phone and computers let concertgoers buy tickets from their homes.
Even those who do buy tickets at Ticketmaster outlets -- there are 70 in the
Tri-State area -- don't need to camp out. The company policy is to conduct a
lottery for slots in line about 15 minutes before any tickets go on sale, which
means the person who arrived first and the person who arrived last have an equal
shot a buying tickets first.

But what many concertgoers often fail to realize is that all tickets are coming
from the same spot, in this case Ticketmaster's central operations center in
West Virginia.

That means the person on the phone, the person online and the person standing in
line all are vying for the same tickets. So at any given time when concert
tickets go on sale, whole sections or even venues may sell out, or appear to be
sold out, as transactions are taking place.

But what is most interesting is that the whole business of selling tickets
appears to be coming full circle.

Ticketron and then Ticketmaster were successful because they created the
technology to sell tickets quickly and efficiently to a broader audience,
eliminating the need for fans to camp out at venue box offices.

But it's that very technology, combined with the increased cost of tickets and
the proliferation of brokers, that may once again spur sweeping changes.

Like the Dead, more and more bands are becoming savvy about merchandising and
ticket selling.

Venues, too, which had readily turned over their tickets to Ticketmaster, are
now keeping some tickets to sell themselves and in some cases holding auctions
for tickets, usually to raise money for charity.

And over the next couple of years, industry experts will be watching to see what
happens when Ticketmaster's exclusive contract to sell tickets at Clear Channel
venues expires. Oddsmakers fully expect Clear Channel to go into the ticket
selling business.

Supply and demand

The problem with buying from on-street scalpers or brokers is that you may spend
hundreds of dollars for a ticket that might not be valid.

Counterfeit tickets, forged tickets and fly-by-night scam artists are working
the market.

It was for that very reason that the National Association of Ticket Brokers was
formed in 1994. There now are 177 members nationwide, including those that are
bonded. Members must have a permanent business address and a listed telephone
number.

Association members pay a fee to join the organization, but more importantly,
members agree to a code of ethics and to participate in a dispute resolution
process should a fan buy a ticket and have a problem.

That doesn't mean fans who buy from a broker won't pay premium prices, but it
does provide fans with recourse. Plus, said the association's Adler, his members
are attuned to all sorts of scams and even help ferret them out.

Brokers who don't abide by the association's policy are expelled from the
organization, and although Adler won't name names, at least two have been tossed
in the organization's decade of existence.

Officially, Ticketmaster's public position is that if you don't buy your ticket
from it, you're at risk.

But as Happel points out, there will always be a demand for scalpers or brokers
as long as demand exceeds supply. In fact, the first laws addressing the problem
were established in 1918. Furthermore, brokers save people time and provide
convenience.

"They make money because of the desire for you and me to have those tickets in
hand," Happel said.

Buffett fans Gillespie and Cooper ended up buying tickets from an online broker
in Illinois for $155 each, 122 percent above the face value.

The men and their wives sat 19 rows from the stage in seats that were under the
pavilion's cover.

Buffett was at the top of his game, putting on a show that was in Gillespie's
words, "One of the best we've seen. It was upbeat, intense, exciting."

But was it worth the price of admission?

"I could probably say yes, because everyone enjoyed the show so much," Gillespie
said. "But I still have the ticket in my wallet. It says the face value was
$69.50. It's a shame this goes on and that it's so prevalent."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Post-Gazette staff writer Johnna A. Pro can be reached at 412-263-1574 or
jpro@post-gazette.com

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (No Caption For Any)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              205 of 221 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

NCAA Rules State That Fans Cannot Be Involved in Recruiting, but the Line Blurs
When They Wear Media Credentials;
NCAA Rules State That Fans Cannot Be Involved in Recruiting, but the Line Blurs
When They Wear Media Credentials

BYLINE: Eric Prisbell and Steve Yanda; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 2577 words


Will Barton had finished playing all his basketball games for the day at a
summer camp in Long Beach, Calif., when the top 20 prospect in the high school
class of 2010 decided to answer questions from two men wearing media
credentials.

Barton had seen the men before, liked them, and said he knew they wanted him to
play college basketball at North Carolina State. After recalling great moments
in Wolfpack history in front of a video camera, media members began shooting
baskets; Barton took a basketball from one of the men, Lou Pascucci, and said:
"Check up, check up. Roll that camera!" The 6-foot-6 Barton challenged the 5-8
Pascucci to engage in a most unusual activity for an interviewee and a media
member, a one-on-one game with high stakes: If Pascucci won, Barton would pledge
to go to N.C. State.

The scene illuminates a growing concern in college basketball. NCAA rules
explicitly state that fans of teams cannot be involved in recruiting, but those
regulations blur when the fan wears a media credential. Such credentials, which
are issued by whatever entity is running a particular event, designate the
bearers as media members, giving them access to prospects that even college
coaches don't have during the all-important summer evaluation period. College
coaches are not permitted to interact with prospects during the period.

NCAA officials and prominent figures on the summer basketball circuit are
alarmed at an increasing number of fans who are creating Web sites, obtaining
media credentials and becoming amateur recruiters. Rachel Newman-Baker, the
NCAA's agent, gambling and amateurism director, said one of the organization's
biggest concerns this summer was who was obtaining media credentials and for
what purpose.

Pascucci and his friend Matthew Bradham, two North Carolina State graduates and
fans of the basketball team, posted the video of the one-on-one game (which
Barton won quickly) on their six-month-old Web site, http://WolfpackHoops.com.
But they took it down after a North Carolina State official recommended they do
so. Both said last week they would never play such a game again and would never
try to persuade a prospect to go to North Carolina State, and that they felt
Barton merely was joking around.

Bradham and Pascucci called it a learning experience, a quick introduction into
the highly scrutinized and complex world of college basketball recruiting. They
said they have media credentials from North Carolina State to cover the school's
football and basketball teams this year and do not want to damage their
relationship with the school.

"I don't even want to walk close to the line again," said Pascucci, 25, later
comparing the one-on-one game to a bad joke and saying, "If people don't get it,
you don't tell the joke again."

But Bradham maintained that supporting and promoting their favorite team is
their "number one goal," that he views former Wolfpack players as heroes and
that he hopes the best recruits go to North Carolina State.

"We're not recruiters," said Bradham, 25. "We know there is a fine line. But
we'd be ignorant to say [recruits] didn't know we were representing N.C. State.
When we go up to a player and say, 'Hey, we're from WolfpackHoops dot com,' they
get it."

That concerns those charged with the enforcement of NCAA recruiting regulations,
and with Web addresses easy and inexpensive to obtain, separating legitimate
online journalists from fanatics with URLs can be difficult.

"It really has gotten worse," said Bob Gibbons, a national recruiting analyst
for 30 years. "We have a whole different set of communications than I am
familiar with, and that existed when I first started out, went to a camp,
watched the best players and did a report on them. They have taken it to
different levels. There are multiple problems that need to be resolved, and I
don't think anyone knows the exact solution to it. How do you legislate these
people who claim they are media representatives?"

'We Run Things Right'

Many of the unofficial team Web sites that cover the basketball and football
teams at division I schools fall under the umbrella of two parent companies:
Rivals.com and Scout.com. Each entity provides national coverage of college
basketball and football recruiting on their central Web sites, while operating a
network of more narrowly focused sites devoted to specific schools.

The prominence of Rivals and Scout -- and by extension, the team sites run by
each company -- has flourished over the past decade, as fans have clamored for
information on their respective programs. Writers for these sites commonly are
credentialed for team and national events.

Whereas those who run independent sites usually work other full-time jobs and
then spend hours per day on what they consider an expensive hobby, those who run
Rivals or Scout sites often do not work elsewhere and in many cases also work on
a print publication.

Many of those who work for Scout and Rivals sites say they follow a code of
ethics and understand the potential recruiting issues that could arise. Several
said they should never promote one school, disparage another or display a fan
allegiance to any. Some also said they identify themselves only as a
representative from Rivals or Scout and do not say they cover a specific school.

"I can go out and pay $9.99 to buy a Web site," said James Henderson, the
managing editor of http://PackPride.com, a Scout affiliate that covers North
Carolina State. "That doesn't make me a credible media member. It gives us a bad
name. I roll my eyes when I hear people talk about super fans, because a lot of
our sites get lumped together with these others."

Several industry sources said the majority of Rivals and Scout sites operate
above board. But they said there are exceptions.

Tate Myers, 31, grew up  near Winston-Salem, N.C., and has been a Wake Forest
fan his entire life. Myers maintained an active presence on the message boards
at DeaconSports.com, a Scout affiliate devoted to coverage of Wake Forest
athletics, for years before seeking out employment by the site a year and a half
ago.

Since then, he has served as a recruiting analyst for the site, a role that
brought him to John Paul Jones Arena on the University of Virginia campus in
June for the NBA Players Association Top 100 camp. Sitting in the stands during
a night session, Myers placed a call on his cellphone to Demon Deacons men's
basketball assistant coach Rusty LaRue.

"Coach, I've got C.J. Barksdale here for you," Myers said. "I'm going to put him
on the line now."

Seated next to Myers was Barksdale, a 6-7 forward in the Class of 2011. He had
just completed a game and was talking with coaches from his AAU team, the
Richmond Squires, when Myers pulled him aside.

Barksdale has drawn interest from schools such as Florida, Virginia Tech and
Wake Forest, but only the Demon Deacons got a chance to speak with him that
night. LaRue and Barksdale spoke for roughly 10 minutes.

When told of the Wake Forest story, Gibbons, the recruiting analyst, said:
"There you go. [Myers] can be the messenger. While [coaches] are not allowed to
have direct contact . . . these guys are their runners and their agents and
their reps. It's scary."

Myers, when asked about the interaction in a phone interview, said: "C.J. knew
that Coach LaRue had been trying to get in touch with C.J. It was just a matter
of I was there and C.J., he didn't have a working number, I don't believe, at
the time for Coach LaRue, or something along those lines. That was actually
something that just kind of popped up."

Myers maintained that neither he nor his co-workers routinely serve as conduits
of communication between members of the coaching staff and potential recruits.
He said that, although it often is difficult, he is conscious of having to put
aside his "Wake bias" when he is on the job.

A college coaching staff is allowed one phone call to a high school recruit per
month beginning June 15 of the recruit's sophomore year through July 31 after
the recruit's junior year, according to Stacey Osburn, the NCAA's associate
public relations director. If a coaching staff uses a third party to speak with
a recruit over the phone, Osburn said that constitutes the staff's phone call
for that month. The 2009 NBAPA Top 100 Camp ran June 17-21.

"I make no bones about it: The people on this staff, we're Wake Forest fans, but
when it comes down to it, we're journalists," Myers said.

Spencer Cagle, who runs DeaconSports.com, described the event as a "one-time
situation" and said the "bottom line is we run things right, and we want to make
sure that is clear in what you write. We've run this site for years, and quite
honestly, we're more straight-edge than a lot of what you see out there."

Henderson, who runs http://PackPride.com, called Myers's contact "ridiculous.
That type of crap should not be allowed. If I was running that camp and saw a
reporter hand a phone to a recruit, that reporter should be kicked out and have
his credential removed. What can he really be doing with a phone that could be
good in that situation? If you know the rules, you need to be turned in for
something like that. That is facilitating a recruitment."

'Compliance Officer's Nightmare'

  Throughout the decade, transgressions have ranged from some Internet reporters
wearing team polo shirts at events to what occurred earlier this decade at
Kentucky, which banned one fan, Brian Poe, from having any involvement with the
school's athletic program for 27 years. The offense: Poe, who ran a Kentucky fan
Web site, inappropriately interviewed high school football prospects and
circulated e-mails to his subscribers asking for help in recruiting athletes and
encouraging them to contact prospects. What's more, he allowed a junior college
recruit to live in his house.

Kentucky "just did not understand the Web world at the time," Poe said in a
telephone interview last week. "They say they don't want the Internet to affect
their recruiting, but they're interviewing kids, which is what everybody's doing
now. It was just totally illegal back then. All we did was what everybody's
doing now."

Fans who interview prospects for a Web site walk a fine line. Doug Archie, Ohio
State's associate athletic director for compliance and camps, said if a fan
talks to a prospect and starts saying as little as " 'Man, you'd look great in a
Buckeye uniform,' or, 'You should be at Ohio State,' then we have crossed the
line at that moment."

"That," Archie added, "is a compliance officer's nightmare."

A scan of Web sites in recent months illustrates how widespread independent
sites with recruiting focuses are and how difficult it is for anyone to monitor
or police them.

--  An ESPN-affiliated Web site that covers University of Maryland recruiting,
http://InsideMDSports.com, offered a subscription bonus if prospect Lance
Stephenson committed to the school. The Web site displayed a picture of a player
whose face was blurred and promoted this offer: "Subscribe annually to
InsideMDSports.com this weekend, and you'll have more than just a Terps rooting
interest. If any top-10 recruit from New York commits to Maryland . . . everyone
who has purchased an annual subscription will receive two free months added."

"We did not include Lance's name in the promotion, so as to avoid any sort of
violations," said Jeff Ermann, the executive publisher of
http://InsideMdSports.com who also spent nearly a decade as a sportswriter at
various newspapers, including The Washington Post. "It was something a lot of
people were interested in and following closely. In this business, in terms of
interest in the offseason, it's all about recruiting. It was kind of an
incentive for people to subscribe to the site."

--  Nolan Comar, a 22-year-old college student who lives in Albany, N.Y., and
who aspires to be a coach, started an independent site
(http://cuttingdownnets.wordpress.com) in June that primarily covers Georgetown
recruiting because he is a longtime fan. Comar usually acquires contact
information through Facebook, a social networking site. He said he has
interviewed high-profile recruits such as senior Jelan Kendrick of Westlake High
in Atlanta and junior Quinn Cook of DeMatha, and has told a couple players that
he is a Georgetown fan. He said the site had been getting 2,000 hits per day.

"Getting access to interviews ended up being a little bit easier than I thought
it would," said Comar, later adding that there are a couple players that he
would like to attend Georgetown. "Kendrick has done really well this summer, and
I would really like him to go to Georgetown, but they have to do what's best for
them."

--  K.T. Harrell, a top 100 guard from Montgomery, Ala., had always wanted to
play in the ACC but admitted he was receiving little interest from ACC teams.
That changed after Harrell said he developed a relationship with Mark Reeves,
the Rivals director of basketball information and multimedia resources, who told
Harrell that Virginia would be a good fit for him. Although it was not known
whether Harrell's contacts with Reeves influenced his recruitment, Harrell
orally committed to Virginia this month without taking an official visit.

--  Dave Kersey, a Kentucky fan who is an administrator on
http://TrueBlueKentucky.com, posted that he sat and talked with Barton's mother
during a tournament in Orlando and discussed the possibility of her son reneging
on his commitment to Memphis.

In a July 29 entry, Kersey wrote: "When I mentioned to her . . . that there was
a rumor floating around about Will being not so sure about his quick trigger
with Memphis, she looked me straight in the eye and said 'he's going to
Memphis.' . . . Behind the scenes I know there is some movement, just not sure
what. And, I think she didn't understand my capacity as a non-coach, just a fan,
so that she thought she shouldn't be talking with me in those tones."

Declining to pinpoint specific Web sites, Barton said fans at some schools were
"very persistent, wanting me to commit to their school and their Web site guys,
but it is all good. That comes with the territory of being one of the top
recruits in the country. And I enjoyed the ride."

Then there was a YouTube.com video that showed a young woman identified only as
Nikki from the independent site http://MemphisRoar.com, conducting an interview
with Barton after he committed to Memphis. After Nikki told Barton "we are glad
to have you here," she closed the interview by asking whether Barton indicated
he was single on a social networking site and then said, "I'm sure [girls] will
be around."

Brooks Hansen, an avid college basketball fan, started http://MemphisRoar.com in
January, and the site has attracted 2,600 members since. Hansen said there are
sites "who try to insert too much influence where it is not their place. That's
not what we are. . . . To me, there is enough shadiness in the game already. Why
do I need to add any more?"

Hansen said he does not expect Memphis to approve his site's request for media
credentials for the upcoming basketball season because he said the school is
concerned about the presence of independent sites and wants to observe
MemphisRoar for a longer period of time.

Before concluding a recent telephone interview with a reporter, Hansen said:
"Are we going to be one of those questionable sites [in the story], or are we
going to be one of the good ones? I would understand either way."

Staff writers Mark Viera and Zach Berman contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE; By Toni L. Sandys -- The Washington Post; DeMatha's Quinn Cook has been
interviewed by cuttingdownnets.wordpress.com, an independent Web site started in
June by 22-year-old Georgetown fan Nolan Comar.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 21, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Can the Man Who Made Sun City Make It In Atlantic City?

BYLINE: By Jonathan Rabinovitz;  Jonathan Rabinovitz is a reporter in Hartford
for The New York Times.

SECTION: Section 6; Page 66; Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 3180 words


Sol (the Sun King) Kerzner was casino hopping.

His casinos. Wednesday found him at his beachfront resort in the Bahamas, where
card sharks watch real sharks in what Kerzner claims is the world's largest
open-air aquarium. Thursday he turned up in Atlantic City to plan a $150 million
overhaul of Resorts Casino Hotel, his newest toy. And Friday his jet landed in
Connecticut for a party at Mohegan Sun, a stadium-size gambling palace that he
built last year on the Mohegan Indian reservation.

Although Kerzner's name is little known in this country, one of the resorts that
he built in his native South Africa -- Sun City -- was notorious. In the 80's,
it inspired a hit anti-apartheid song and a boycott by superstars like Bruce
Springsteen and Bob Dylan. Kerzner, who is sometimes called the Bugsy Siegel of
the bush veld, was accused of bribery and was roundly denounced for using
apartheid to advance his business interests. And time and again, when someone
has stood in his way -- a politician or investigator or regulator -- that person
has wound up with a comfortable job or a stake in the company or tax revenues he
can't refuse.

Over the last three years, though, as chairman of Sun International Hotels,
Kerzner has presided over the rise of one of the hottest gambling companies in
the United States, its market value increasing fourfold since 1995 to about $1.2
billion earlier this month. With his casinos in Connecticut, the Bahamas and, if
he has his way, Atlantic City, Kerzner is giving people like Steve Wynn and
Donald Trump a run for their money, and Sun has a shot at becoming the dominant
gaming company serving the East Coast.

Because of his and his company's cloudy history, Federal regulators initially
balked at approving Kerzner's deal with the Mohegans. New Jersey gaming
regulators have just completed the latest investigation of his dealings as part
of the review of his application to operate in Atlantic City, and hearings are
scheduled to begin tomorrow. Kerzner and industry observers are upbeat about his
prospects.

The Friday-night party at Mohegan Sun offered a glimpse of why anyone trying to
stop the Kerzner juggernaut has his work cut out for him. Clouds scudded across
the ceiling, and there was the sound of a rushing stream. We were surrounded by
trees, cliffs and boulders typical of a New England forest. "It's very Mohegan,"
Kerzner said. Even louder than the stream was the clanging of nearly 3,000 slot
machines.

As hundreds of Mohegans in tuxedos, ball gowns and buckskin danced to an R & B
band, the tribe's chief, Ralph Sturges, greeted Kerzner like a brother, giving
him a hug. Roland Harris, the tribal council chairman, called him a "good
friend." A letter was read from Gov. John G. Rowland -- who had once opposed
Kerzner -- hailing the casino as an economic shot in the arm for the region.
Senator Christopher Dodd made a speech, recalling some "very, very dicey times"
but ultimately recounting "the pleasure" of working with Kerzner, who looked
positively stunned by the praise. "What an outstanding guy," Kerzner said.
"Incredible!"

Perhaps the most incredible thing of all is how respectable Sol Kerzner has
become. Apartheid has ended, and he is on good terms with President Nelson
Mandela. Liberal Democrats and Indians, who would once have been outraged by his
South African past, are his allies. And Mohegan Sun, the nation's
fifth-most-spacious casino, rakes in a million dollars a day.

An old friend, Lynton Israel, describes Kerzner as a "party animal." For his
50th birthday, the mogul chartered a 747 for more than 100 friends, with
showgirls doing stripteases in the aisle. But now, 12 years later, he insists
that he has mellowed.

Kerzner looks like a truck driver and has worked as a bouncer. He wears a
construction helmet more often than a tie. He went years without reading a
novel, does not like Champagne and at a Chinese restaurant at Mohegan Sun sent
back his soup because the noodles kept slipping off his spoon. It is only his
well-groomed hands that hint at his station. "I have lover's hands," says
Kerzner, who is engaged to a 35-year-old model after three marriages, two of
which ended in divorce and one of which ended in his wife's suicide.

Paul M. Dworin, publisher of International Gaming and Wagering Business
magazine, calls him a "visionary" who should not be underestimated. "He's
unpolished," Dworin says, "but unpolished by choice."

On a winter afternoon in the Bahamas, where Kerzner is adding a 23-story hotel
to his Atlantis resort, he walked a vacant 30-acre lot in his usual jeans, polo
shirt and scuffed Reeboks. "It looks like a big sandbox," he said. "Come back
here in six weeks and the structure will be flying." By Christmas 1998, he
added, the site, which is loosely based on the theme of Plato's fabled Lost City
of Atlantis, will feature a gold-leaf domed palace, a Mayan temple with water
slides and Kerzner's version of Atlantis ruins.

Later that day, he sat in a construction trailer, jiggling the worry beads that
he has carried since 1983, when he suffered a heart attack and quit his
three-pack-a-day cigarette habit. Poring over a restaurant blueprint, he
suddenly frowned. "You can't walk into this room with the ass end of the bar
out," he growled, gesturing at a design in which the bar blocked the restaurant
entry. He told a construction executive to call the designers. "That plan is
hopeless," he shouted into the phone, and ordered them to fix it.

The designs of Sun casinos are not driven by Kerzner's creative whims as much as
his understanding of gaming trends. Kerzner couldn't tell you much about Mohegan
history or Atlantis mythology. Like his Las Vegas counterparts, he once marketed
his casinos as racy adult playgrounds. But now, reflecting his own transition
from a jet-setting party animal to a doting grandfather, he has become a leader
in the current industry trend: casino resorts as purveyors of wholesome,
environmentally correct family entertainment.

Casinos are now legal in 26 states, up from 2 a decade ago. In 1995, according
to one survey, American casinos had more visits than amusement parks, touring
Broadway shows or major-league baseball games. With more gamblers but also with
more casinos competing for their money, the operators need to offer more to lure
people. Besides a splashy, if not altogether consistent, theme, the Bahamas
Atlantis offers basic classes in blackjack, roulette and craps. Executives say
that even though only 1 out of 5 Atlantis guests lists gambling as a reason for
the visit, 9 out of 10 end up betting.

Kerzner clearly knows how to build these populist Xanadus. The Lost City, a 1992
addition to Sun City that was his first project to use the theme of a vanished
ancient civilization, has been described as a surfer's paradise in the arid
interior of South Africa, with an imported jungle of more than one million
plants, a manmade ocean of six-foot waves and its own mythology (written by the
resort's California architect). Herbert Muschamp, the architecture critic for
The Times, called the Mohegan Sun's interior, which was created by the designer
of the Planet Hollywood restaurants, "as ambitious a piece of stagecraft as
anyone has realized since the days of Cecil B. DeMille." For the Atlantic City
Resorts Casino, which Kerzner bought from Merv Griffin late last year, Kerzner
plans the Beach Club, which will evoke the Boardwalk hotels of the turn of the
century -- the ones that were gutted to make way for casinos like his own.

While Las Vegas has become a haven for Disneylike attractions, Atlantic City has
lagged behind. Civic boosters see Kerzner as part of a group of developers who
will recast the town as a destination resort. Gaming-industry analysts point to
his success in turning around the Bahamas casino, another failing Resorts
property that Griffin had owned.

"Is this the Atlantis Plato envisioned when he wrote of a utopian vision?"
intones a promotional video for the $460 million addition that's now under way
there. The footage shows young women in bathing suits playing in the water.
Kerzner has flown in "disease resistant" palm trees and stocked an artificial
coral reef with 13,000 tropical fish from as far away as Australia. New slot
machines have motifs like "Shakin' Shark" and "Crazy Crab."

"Obviously this new development takes on a lot of Plato's thinking," Kerzner
says.

Has he read Plato?

"I get summarized versions."

Born on Aug. 23, 1935, Solomon Kerzner was the youngest son of Orthodox Jewish
parents who immigrated to South Africa from a shtetl in Eastern Europe. He grew
up in a poor Johannesburg suburb, and his parents worked seven days a week in
their own cafe. As a college boxer, he occasionally faced better fighters, but
no one knocked him out, and he was welterweight champion at his school.

By age 28, having quit his job in accounting, he managed to sweet-talk some of
his former clients into financing his plan to build a luxury hotel, even though
he had never built anything. Before construction started, he spent two days
touring hotels in Miami Beach and a day in Manhattan. The Beverly Hills Hotel,
South Africa's first five-star resort, opened in December 1964.

From this start, Kerzner teamed up in 1969 with one of South Africa's largest
companies to develop a chain of 29 hotels. Fourteen years later, he joined with
new partners to establish another company that soon had a virtual monopoly on
the casino market in South Africa, where headlines still refer to him simply as
Sol. He brought Frank Sinatra to Africa and married and divorced one of the
country's most famous women, a former Miss World. He has estates on the Riviera,
on a mountaintop near Cape Town and outside Oxford, England. One report valued
his family trusts at $750 million in 1994.

Kerzner would not have achieved this success without apartheid. All of his
casinos were built in the homelands -- desolate reservations where black people
were herded, which the apartheid regime began spinning off as independent states
in 1976. Every other country refused to recognize these puppet states, and the
African National Congress urged businesses to stay out of them. Kerzner rushed
in.

Casinos were banned in South Africa but not in the quasi-independent homelands.
He built Sun City on barren land in Bophuthatswana, two hours by car from
Johannesburg. As part of the deal, Kerzner gave the homeland a substantial stake
in the company that controlled the casino. The resort -- sometimes called Las
Vegas on the veld, sometimes called Sin City -- drew white South Africans to
gamble, ogle topless dancers and maybe have interracial sex, all of which were
illegal in South Africa.

"Sol Kerzner was an unforgettable and important brick in the wall of apartheid,"
says Randall Robinson, president of the Washington-based lobbying group Trans
Africa. "He and what he was doing were an essential part of the Government's
strategy to defend that awful system."

Sun City became a symbol of apartheid's evils. In 1985, it was a target of the
American anti-apartheid movement, with more than 50 musicians producing the
album "Sun City." The title cut's chorus, "I ain't gonna play Sun City," urged
performers to stay away.

Today, while Kerzner calls apartheid "unacceptable," he says that he was a
businessman, not a politician. "Your role as a chief executive is to take care
of your shareholders," he says. "We did what we could. That was very, very
little."

Apartheid has been a defining issue in Kerzner's business life, partly because
it allowed him to vastly expand his fortune and partly because his controversial
way of doing so has dogged him ever since. His attempt to profit from the
homelands backfired, for example, in the Transkei. For the past 10 years, he has
been in and out of trouble over a charge that he paid a $600,000 bribe to a
leader of the homeland, since deposed, to guarantee his monopoly in that market.
Kerzner acknowledges the payment but considers it extortion. South African
prosecutors finally dropped the case in April; New Jersey investigators have
carefully studied it.

The connection to apartheid initially hindered Kerzner's efforts to expand
beyond South Africa. But in the 1990's, when the country underwent radical
change, so did his fortunes. By the time Mandela emerged from prison after 27
years, Kerzner had cultivated good relations with his African National Congress
-- too good, said some critics, who cite reports that Kerzner wined and dined
A.N.C. officials, that he covered some wedding costs for one of Mandela's
daughters and that he helped pay for a 50th-birthday party for Mandela's heir
apparent, Thabo Mbeki. Kerzner denies these reports, but he admits to
contributing roughly $125,000 to the A.N.C. in 1994 -- a charge that he
initially told journalists was "outrageously false."

President Mandela appears to harbor no ill will toward Kerzner for his
apartheid-era profiteering. Before Kerzner was welcomed into the Bahamas, Prime
Minister Hubert Ingraham talked to Mandela about him. "He felt Mr. Kerzner would
be good for the Bahamas," Ingraham says, "and he didn't think there were any
reasons whatsoever why the Bahamas ought not welcome him to do business here."

Yet each time Kerzner undertakes an ambitious new project, the same criticisms
crop up. Two years ago, it was in Washington. Trading Cove Associates, a
partnership in which Kerzner's company has a 50 percent stake, had a contract
with the Mohegans to build and run the casino that required the approval of the
National Indian Gaming Commission. The Federal agency had a backlog of cases,
but the Mohegan contract -- the largest deal that had ever come before the
commission -- received priority handling. Senator Dodd's office made several
calls to the agency urging it to hurry up. "All we wanted them to do was make a
decision," Dodd says. "It had gone on for a long time."

When two of the three commissioners recommended against approval until further
review of Kerzner, the third commissioner, the chairman, Harold Monteau,
overruled his colleagues. Monteau argued, in an unusual but legal move, that the
Mohegans had waited long enough -- two years -- and that the law did not require
a more thorough review. One year later, the Mohegans hired Monteau's assistant,
Tom Acevedo, and an aide to Senator Dodd, Charles F. Bunnell, as chief and
deputy chief of staff, respectively, for the Mohegan tribal chairman.

"This doesn't even pass the smell test," Senator Harry Reid, a Nevada Democrat,
said of Acevedo's hiring when he spoke in October before the Committee on Indian
Affairs. Reid also questioned why the casino's management company receives as
much as 40 percent of the gaming profits -- about 10 percent above the norm.
Three months later, Monteau, under fire for this and other problems, resigned
from the gaming commission, saying he wanted to work outside government. Kerzner
says he wasn't involved in the commission's review or in the Mohegans' hiring of
any employees, including Acevedo.

In Connecticut, Kerzner's arrival also caused a stir. At first Governor Rowland
voiced "grave concerns" about giving a state casino license to someone plagued
by bribery allegations. But in July 1996, after the Connecticut state police
conducted an investigation, Kerzner received a license. Less than a year later,
the Mohegans had hired two of the state investigators to work for the tribe's
own gaming commission.

Kerzner has offered as evidence of his integrity a 1994 report compiled by a
private investigator for the tribe. Francis M. Mullen, a retired F.B.I. official
and former head of the Drug Enforcement Agency, interviewed Derek Hawton, a
South African business colleague of Kerzner's. The report noted that according
to Hawton, "President Mandela himself has stated to him that 'Sol Kerzner would
be prosecuted over my dead body.' " In March, the morning after I faxed this
quote to Mandela's office for confirmation, a frantic Kerzner called. He had
already spoken to Mullen, who after completing the report became the Mohegans'
top regulator. "Somehow this got fouled up," Kerzner told me, adding that Mullen
had made a mistake that caused "huge bloody problems." According to Kerzner,
Mullen had meant to write that Hawton had "heard" that President Mandela had
made this remark. Kerzner insisted that the quote should not be reprinted. The
next day, Mullen said that the report was most likely in error, though he was
not sure. Mandela's office denied that he made the statement.

The allegations of influence peddling are very much alive in New Jersey, where
state regulators are currently considering Kerzner's application for the
Atlantic City casino license. The review is the most comprehensive that he and
his company have yet undergone, its scope unprecedented even by New Jersey
gaming standards.

And the Atlantic City project carries considerable business risk. For the first
time, Kerzner may be going head to head with some of the casino industry's
biggest players, among them Donald Trump, who owns 3 of the 12 casinos in
Atlantic City but whose company's market value was one-third of Kerzner's
earlier this month, and Steve Wynn, whose Mirage Resorts had a market value
roughly four times greater than Sun's in the same period. Kerzner has already
scaled back his plans from a half billion dollars to $150 million, though he
says he is bullish on Atlantic City. People who blocked his entry in 1983 are
now talking about the jobs he will bring. "The name of the game is not to
oppose," said Pierre Hollingsworth, the former head of the Atlantic City
N.A.A.C.P. chapter, who protested Kerzner's proposal years ago. "He's going to
be bringing work." Several people familiar with Atlantic City regulations say
they will be shocked if Kerzner, who has an army of supporters ready to attest
to his good character, is not licensed by the end of the year.

That is why many people are betting that Kerzner is here to stay. Since Mohegan
Sun opened in October, it has brought in at least $325 million in gaming
revenues. More than $58 million of that went to Governor Rowland and the
Connecticut budget as part of a deal that gives the state 25 percent of the
casino's slot-machine revenues. Another cut of casino profits went to the Wall
Street investors who put up the construction money. Several thousand people have
jobs because of the casino, and when Senator Dodd campaigns for re-election he
will undoubtedly remind them that his support of Mohegan Sun helped make those
jobs possible.

While the blots on Kerzner's record are unsightly, no one has ever proved them
to be illegal. People may mistake his crudeness for shadiness, even as Kerzner
is so consumed with his chase for profits that he ignores appearances. And with
every coin dropped into a slot machine, it becomes clearer and clearer why it
would be so difficult for any government or regulatory agency or Wall Street
banking house to turn him away. Sol Kerzner knows how to make money.

NAME: Sol Kerzner

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Kerzner, who has been described as "unpolished by choice," at
his family-oriented Atlantis Casino Resort in the Bahamas. (Photograph by Burk
Uzzle for The New York Times); Kerzner says the Atlantis -- complete with a
Mayan temple water slide -- "takes on a lot of Plato's thinking." (Photograph
from Sun International)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              207 of 221 DOCUMENTS

            WALTER J. BENNETT, Plaintiff, v. 3M COMPANY, Defendant.

                          Civil Action No. 3:14-CV-198

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF
                          VIRGINIA, RICHMOND DIVISION

                          2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 52274


                            April 15, 2014, Decided
                             April 15, 2014, Filed

CORE TERMS: punitive damages, amount in controversy, malice, equitable estoppel,
cause of action, subject-matter, diversity, removal, breach of contract,
promissory, estoppel, resign, diversity of citizenship, principal place of
business, actual malice, jurisdictional amount, citizenship, aggravation,
malevolence, cognizable, conscious, diverse, willful, grudge, wicked, spite,
shady, reasons stated, diversity jurisdiction, job offer

COUNSEL:  [*1] Walter J. Bennett, Plaintiff, Pro se, Mechanicsville, VA.

For 3M Company, Defendant: Taron Kato Murakami, LEAD ATTORNEY, Raymond Charles
Baldwin, PRO HAC VICE, Seyfarth Shaw LLP, Washington, DC.

JUDGES: James R. Spencer, Senior United States District Judge.

OPINION BY: James R. Spencer

OPINION


MEMORANDUM OPINION

THIS MATTER is before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion to Remand. (ECF No. 6).
For the reasons stated below, the Court will REMAND this case to the Circuit
Court of Hanover, Virginia.

I. Factual and Procedural Background

Plaintiff filed a three-count Complaint on February 14, 2014 in the Hanover
County Circuit Court. Plaintiff alleges equitable estoppel (Count I), fraud
(Count II), and breach of contract (Count III). Plaintiff requests $8,400 in
lost benefits, $2,640 for lost car payments, and $100,000 in punitive
damages/emotional distress. Defendant was served with the Complaint and Summons
on February 27, 2014. Defendant filed its Notice of Removal based on diversity
jurisdiction with this Court on March 20, 2014.

Defendant removed this matter pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1332. Defendant contends
that the parties are diverse because Plaintiff is a resident of Mechanicsville,
Virginia and Defendant is incorporated in the state of [*2]  Delaware and has
its principal place of business in Saint Paul, Minnesota. Defendant also
represents that Plaintiff seeks actual and punitive damages in excess of
$75,000, thus meeting the amount in controversy requirement.

II. Discussion

A. Legal Standard

A case originating in state court may be removed to federal court if the
district court has subject-matter jurisdiction on the basis of the existence of
a federal question or diversity. 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331, 1332, 1441(a). Federal
question jurisdiction requires that a civil action arise under the Constitution,
laws, or treaties of the United States. 28 U.S.C. § 1331. Diversity jurisdiction
requires complete diversity of citizenship and an amount in controversy in
excess of $75,000. 28 U.S.C. § 1332. If at any time before final judgment it
appears the district court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the court must
remand the case. 28 U.S.C. § 1447(c).

"[R]emoval jurisdiction raises significant federalism concerns." Mulcahey v.
Columbia Organic Chems. Co., Inc., 29 F.3d 148, 151 (4th Cir. 1994).
"Subject-matter jurisdiction cannot be conferred by the parties, nor can a
defect in subject-matter jurisdiction be waived by the parties. Accordingly,
questions of subject-matter jurisdiction may be raised at any point during the
proceedings and may (or, more precisely, must) be raised sua sponte by the
court." [*3]  Brickwood Contractors, Inc. v. Datanet Eng'g, Inc., 369 F.3d 385,
390 (4th Cir. 2004) (en banc) (citation omitted). Accordingly, district courts
should strictly construe removal jurisdiction. Id.; Lontz v. Tharp, 413 F.3d
435, 441 (4th Cir. 2005). If there is any doubt as to the district court's
jurisdiction, the case should be remanded to state court. Mulcahey, 29 F.3d at
151. The burden of establishing federal jurisdiction falls upon the party
seeking removal. Id. 151.

B. Diversity Jurisdiction Under § 1332

Diversity jurisdiction requires both complete diversity of citizenship and an
amount in controversy in excess of $75,000. 28 U.S.C. § 1332. Under § 1332, the
citizenship of each plaintiff must be different from the citizenship of each
defendant. Athena Auto., Inc. v. DiGregorio, 166 F.3d 288, 290 (4th Cir. 1999).
There is no indication that the parties are not diverse. Plaintiff is a citizen
of Virginia and Defendant is incorporated in the state of Delaware and has its
principal place of business in Saint Paul, Minnesota. As such, the only issue is
whether the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000.

The amount in controversy is "measured by the value of the object of the
litigation." Hunt v. Wash. Apple Adver. Comm'n, 432 U.S. 333, 347, 97 S. Ct.
2434, 53 L. Ed. 2d 383 (1977). That value may be determined from either party's
viewpoint. Dixon v. Edwards, 290 F.3d 699, 710 (4th Cir. 2002). The Fourth
Circuit has not established the standard of proof that applies to this issue,
although some courts in the circuit have applied a "preponderance of the
evidence" standard. See, e.g., [*4]  Landmark Corp. v. Apogee Coal Co., 945 F.
Supp. 932, 935 (S.D. W. Va. 1996). "Ordinarily the jurisdictional amount is
determined by the amount of the plaintiff's original claim, provided that the
claim is made in good faith." Wiggins v. N. Am. Equitable Life Assur. Co., 644
F.2d 1014, 1016 (4th Cir. 1981). However, "if it appears to a legal certainty
that the plaintiff cannot recover the jurisdictional amount, the case will be
dismissed for want of jurisdiction." Id. (quoting McDonald v. Patton, 240 F.2d
424, 426 (4th Cir. 1957)).

i. Breach of Contract

Under Virginia law, a plaintiff may not generally recover punitive damages for a
breach of contract. Kamlar Corp. v. Haley, 224 Va. 699, 299 S.E.2d 514, 518 (Va.
1983). Such damages may only be allowed based on a "willful, independent tort in
a count separate from that which alleges a breach of contract." Id. As such, the
amount in controversy cannot be based on this claim.

ii. Equitable Estoppel

Virginia law recognizes equitable estoppel solely as a counter to a statute of
limitations defense. See, e.g., Barry v. Donnelly, 781 F.2d 1040, 1042 (4th Cir.
1986); Virginia Power Energy Mktg., Inc. v. EQT Energy, LLC, No. 3:11CV630, 2012
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 98553, 2012 WL 2905110, at *10 (E.D. Va. July 16, 2012) ("In
Virginia, there is no recognized cause of action for equitable estoppel, and the
doctrine is usually asserted as a shield rather than a sword."). To the extent
that Plaintiff brings a claim for promissory estoppel, his claim must fail
because promissory estoppel is not a cognizable cause of action in Virginia.
W.J. Schafer Assocs. v. Cordant, Inc., 493 S.E.2d 512,  254 Va. 514, 521 (Va.
1997) ("[P]romissory estoppel is not a cognizable cause of action in the
Commonwealth, and we decline to create [*5]  such a cause of action."). As such,
neither legal theory could be used as a basis for punitive damages.

iii. Fraud

Fraud--the knowing misrepresentation of a material fact to a person whose
reasonable reliance results in damage--is a willful tort that may support an
award of punitive damages. See Brown v. Gilner, No. 1:10-CV-00980 AJT, 2012 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 138662, 2012 WL 4473086, at *4 (E.D. Va. Sept. 25, 2012); see also
Lissmann v. Hartford Fire Ins. Co., 848 F.2d 50, 52-53 (4th Cir. 1988). However,
to award punitive damages in a fraud action, malice is required. Brown, 2012
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 138662, 2012 WL 4473086, at *4; see also Sit--Set, A.G. v.
Universal Jet Exch., Inc., 747 F.2d 921, 928 (4th Cir. 1984) ("Virginia does not
permit recovery of punitive damages except upon proof of a degree of aggravation
in the critical state of mind above the threshold level required to establish
liability for compensatory relief."). Malice is defined as "ill will,
malevolence, grudge, spite, wicked intention or a conscious disregard of the
rights of another." Lee v. Southland Corp., 219 Va. 23, 244 S.E.2d 756, 759 (Va.
1978); see also Giant of Va., Inc. v. Pigg, 207 Va. 679, 152 S.E.2d 271, 277
(Va. 1967) (stating that actual malice must "evince a spirit of malice or
criminal indifference to civil obligations."). At a minimum, Plaintiff must
allege more than "shady business dealing" to create a permissible inference of
malice. See Sit--Set, 747 F.2d at 929 ("Where this line of aggravation is to be
drawn in fraud cases is of course a matter difficult of definition and
application, but we read the Virginia cases as requiring an element of
wantonness, or malice, or overreaching [*6]  going beyond mere "shadiness" in
commercial dealings.").

Plaintiff alleges that Defendant


     misrepresented the truth to Bennett during the job offer process. Kurt
     Stafford, hiring manager, misrepresented to Bennett that he had a
     secure position with 3M Company, that Bennett's job offer would not be
     rescinded and that there were no contingencies to worry about and that
     it was ok for Bennett to go ahead and resign from his current
     employer, Depuy Synthes Company.


(Compl. ¶ 99). Plaintiff further contends that "Kurt Stafford, Sales Director,
ensured Bennett that he had a definite position, with no employment contigencies
at 3M Company [and] that he needed to hurry up and resign from his current
position, because the current territory had been vacant for some time and needed
to be filled asap." (Id. ¶ 100). As far as motive, Plaintiff maintains that
"Kurt Stafford purposely lied to Bennett, for his own self-interest and the
self-interest of 3M company, to get Bennett to resign from his position to start
the new job right away." (Id. ¶ 102).

The Court finds that the allegations in the Complaint are insufficient to
support a claim for punitive damages. Plaintiff has failed to allege any facts
[*7]  supporting an inference of malicious intent on the part of Defendant or
its employees. Notably, Plaintiff does not even allege actual malice in his
Complaint. See Stallings v. DeAlto, 13 Va. Cir. 394 (Va. Cir. Ct. 1988). Mere
allegations of fraud are an insufficient predicate for a claim of punitive
damages. See Corini v. SMS Data Products Grp., Inc., 19 Va. Cir. 29 (Va. Cir.
Ct. 1989). Plaintiff's allegations amount to "shady business practices" and not
"ill will, malevolence, grudge, spite, wicked intention or a conscious
disregard" of his rights. Lee, 244 S.E.2d at 759.

III. Conclusion

For the aforementioned reasons, Plaintiff cannot sustain a claim for punitive
damages. As a result, the amount in controversy requirement has not been met and
diversity jurisdiction is not present. Accordingly, the Court will GRANT
Plaintiff's Motion to Remand.

Let the Clerk send a copy of this Memorandum Opinion to all counsel of record.

An appropriate Order shall issue.

/s/ James R. SpencerJames R. Spencer

Senior U. S. District Judge

ENTERED this 15th day of April 2014.

ORDER

THIS MATTER is before the Court on Plaintiff's Motion to Remand. (ECF No. 6).
For the reasons stated in the accompanying Memorandum Opinion, the Court GRANTS
Plaintiff's Motion and REMANDS this case to the Circuit Court of Hanover,
Virginia.

Let the Clerk send a copy of this Order to [*8]  all counsel of record.

It is SO ORDERED.

/s/ James R. SpencerJames R. Spencer

Senior U.S. Distirct Judge

ENTERED this 15th day of April 2014.


                              208 of 221 DOCUMENTS

          SOCIAL CONSULTANTS INTERNATIONAL, INC., Plaintiff, v. ROBERT
                          WINSHIP HASKELL, Defendant.

                           CIVIL ACTION NO. 95-212-A

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF
                         VIRGINIA, ALEXANDRIA DIVISION

                          1995 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21423


                           October 17, 1995, Decided
                            October 17, 1995, FILED

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY:  [*1]  Motion for Reconsideration Denied November 3, 1995,
Reported at: 1995 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 21424.



DISPOSITION: Judgment entered in favor of Social Consultants International,
Inc., and against Defendant Robert Winship Haskell in the amount of Sixteen
Thousand Seven Hundred Seventy Four Dollars and 09/100 ($ 16,774.09) plus costs
and interest. Judgment is entered in favor of the Plaintiff/Counter Defendant
Social Consultants International, Inc. and against the Defendant/Counter
Plaintiff Robert Winship Haskell on the counter-claim brought by Robert Winship
Haskell.

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff employer filed suit against defendant, its former
employee, seeking damages for conversion and breach of contract. The employee
denied the allegations in the employer's complaint and filed a counter-claim for
defamation. Following a bench trial, the court rendered its judgment.

OVERVIEW: The employer, a consulting firm, filed suit against its former
employee, charging him with conversion and breach of contract after the employee
retained documents from a consulting job. The employee filed a counter-claim for
defamation. At trial, the employer offered evidence that the employee withheld
documents necessary for the employer to be reimbursed for expenses in performing
consulting work for a government agency. In response, the employee claimed that
he withheld the documents as a "security blanket" to ensure that his employer
would pay his salary. The court rendered judgment in favor of the employer and
dismissed the employee's counter-claim. The employee breached his employment
contract with his employer by retaining the documents, and damages resulted
because his retention of the documents delayed, if not deprived, the employer of
the opportunity to collect reimbursable fees. Further, the employee's
unauthorized retention of the documents constituted conversion, the unauthorized
exercise over the property of another. The court rejected the employee's
defamation claim, as statements contained in pleadings were privileged.

OUTCOME: Judgment was rendered in favor of the employer in the amount of $
16,774.09, and the employee's counter-claim was dismissed with prejudice.

CORE TERMS: salary, punitive damages, conversion, escrow account, deceit,
offset, breach of contract, reimbursed, withheld, attorney's fees, retention,
premium, travel, expenses incurred, amounts owed, entitled to recover,
reimbursement, defamation, breached, escrow, foreign service, counter-claim,
facsimile, severance, visas, place of business, service agreement, currently
resides, compensatory damages, new venture


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Contracts Law > Breach > Material Breach
[HN1] A material breach of contract occurs once a party fails to do something
that he or she is bound to do according to the contract, which is so important
and central to the contract that the failure defeats the very purpose of the
contract.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Conversion
[HN2] Conversion is the unauthorized exercise and assumption of the right of
ownership over the goods or personal chattels of another.

Evidence > Procedural Considerations > Burdens of Proof > General Overview
Torts > Business Torts > Fraud & Misrepresentation > General Overview
[HN3] The burden of proof in a fraud claim is upon the party charging fraud to
prove it by clear and convincing evidence. In order to maintain a proper action
in fraud and deceit, plaintiff must prove that defendant intentionally and
knowingly made a false representation of a material fact with the intent to
mislead plaintiff, that plaintiff actually relied on this representation, and
that this reliance by plaintiff resulted in plaintiff incurring damages.

Civil Procedure > Remedies > Damages > Punitive Damages
Torts > Damages > Punitive Damages > General Overview
[HN4] Under Virginia law, punitive damages are allowed with respect to tort
claims containing certain essential elements of fraudulent, false, or malicious
states of mind. Virginia law does not permit recovery of punitive damages except
upon proof of a degree of aggravation in the critical statement of mind above
the threshold level required to establish liability for compensatory damages.
Therefore, punitive damages require an element of wantonness, malice, or
overreaching going beyond mere "shadiness" in commercial dealings.

Civil Procedure > Remedies > Costs & Attorney Fees > Attorney Expenses & Fees >
Statutory Awards
Legal Ethics > Client Relations > Attorney Fees > Fee Agreements
[HN5] Absent contractual or statutory liability, attorney fees and expenses
incurred by the prevailing party in litigation are generally not recoverable.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Defenses > Privileges > General
Overview
[HN6] A statement is defamatory only to people who can understand the words and
usage to mean that the plaintiff has committed a crime, such as conversion.
However, statements contained in pleadings are privileged.

COUNSEL: For SOCIAL CONSULTANTS INTERNATIONAL, INC., plaintiff: Christopher M.
Collins, Christopher M. Collins, P.C., McLean, VA.

For ROBERT WINSHIP HASKELL, defendant: James Naber McCune, Fairfax, VA.

For ROBERT WINSHIP HASKELL, counter-claimant: James Naber McCune, Fairfax, VA.

For SOCIAL CONSULTANTS INTERNATIONAL, INC., counter-defendant: Christopher M.
Collins, Christopher M. Collins, P.C., McLean, VA.

JUDGES: James C. Cacheris, United States District Judge

OPINION BY: James C. Cacheris

OPINION


MEMORANDUM OPINION

Plaintiff Social Consultants International, Inc. ("SCI") filed a verified
complaint seeking damages for conversion, fraud and deceit, and breach of
contract. Defendant Robert Winship Haskell ("Haskell") has denied the [*2]
allegations contained in SCI's complaint, and has filed a counter-claim for
defamation, breach of contract for failure to pay wages, and for reimbursement
of expenses. For the reasons set forth below, this Court finds in favor of the
Plaintiff SCI and against the Defendant Haskell. Haskell's counter-claim is
dismissed with prejudice.

I.

Findings of Fact

After reviewing the pleadings, authorities, evidence, and arguments of counsel,
the Court finds the facts are as follows:

The Court adopts the Stipulation of Uncontested Facts. Plaintiff SCI, a Virginia
corporation with its principle place of business located in Arlington, Virginia,
is a consulting corporation which provides contract administration and other
services to various entities, including the United States Government.
(Stipulation 2, 4). Defendant Haskell, a former employee under contract with
SCI, is domiciled in the State of Georgia but currently resides in Rabat,
Morocco. (Stipulation 3).

In 1993, SCI was awarded a contract with the United States Agency for
International Development ("USAID") to provide consulting services in the
country of Chad. (Stipulation 5). In September of 1993, Haskell entered into a
foreign [*3]  service employment agreement with SCI to act as its chief export
marketing adviser and manager of the USAID contract until the contract
termination date of December 31, 1994. As SCI's senior most representative in
Chad, Haskell's duties included the set up, day-to-day management, and shut down
of the USAID contract. In addition, Haskell managed all of the funds SCI sent to
Chad with respect to the USAID contract, conducted several studies regarding
Chad's agriculture and export systems, submitted progress reports to USAID
regarding the contract, and organized several multi-day seminars. (Testimony of
Haskell, Stipulation 6).

Haskell had sole control over SCI funds in Chad. (Stipulation 8). This sole
control extended to receipts and invoices which showed how SCI funds were spent
in the performance of the USAID contract. (Stipulation 10). During the contract
closeout month of December, 1994, Haskell had control of no less than $
42,646.61 of SCI funds. (Stipulation 9). At the end of his employment with SCI
on December 31, 1994, Haskell retained certain documents belonging to SCI, many
of which were the only proof in existence that SCI expended funds in the
performance of the USAID contract.  [*4]  SCI was required to produce these
documents to USAID in order to be properly reimbursed. (Stipulation 10, 11).

In addition to the contract performance documents, Haskell also retained
documents detailing USMD's denial of certain SCI expense claims relating to the
contract. (Stipulation 12). It was not until SCI filed this action that Haskell
returned these particular documents. (Stipulation 10). Haskell knew that until
SCI regained these disallowance documents, SCI could not appeal improper
denials. (Stipulation 13). This disallowed expense claim amounted to no less
than $ 23,390.18. (Stipulation 14). The total value of SCI documents retained by
Haskell prior to this action being brought was no less than $ 66,437.29.
(Stipulation 15).

At the close of the USAID contract, SCI demanded the return of the documents.
(Stipulation 16). None of these documents had any intrinsic value to Haskell.
(Stipulation 17; Testimony of Haskell and Greenhouse). Haskell left Chad for
Morocco during the first week of January, 1995. (Stipulation 18; Testimony of
Haskell). Haskell arrived in Morocco sometime in January, 1995, where he has
since resided. (Stipulation 18). SCI does not have a representative [*5]  in
Morocco. (Stipulation 20). SCI, and its representatives, succeeded in contacting
him by telephone and facsimile at his home in Rabat, Morocco in late January,
1995. (Stipulation 21). On February 2, 1995, Haskell informed SCI that he would
return the documents by courier. (Stipulation 22). However, after an apparent
change of heart, Haskell sent a fax the following day advising SCI that he would
be retaining the documents until he received his final three salary payments.
(Plaintiff's Exhibit 17). The documents were eventually returned to SCI on or
about April 7, 1995. (Stipulation 24; Testimony of Greenhouse and Haskell).

While employed with SCI, Haskell had a bi-weekly net salary of $ 2,434.08. In
accordance with Haskell's instructions, SCI would transfer this amount into his
personal account at the First National Bank of Maryland. For the pay periods
ending December 2, 16, and 30, 1994, SCI withheld Haskell's salary. (Stipulation
24, 25, 26, 27 and Testimony of Haskell). On March 24, 1995, the amount
withheld, $ 7,302.24, was placed in an escrow account by SCI. (Stipulation 28;
Plaintiff's Exhibit 20). On or about June 1, 1995, USAID approved Haskell's
request for additional [*6]  severance pay in the amount of $ 5,537.67. This
amount was deposited in this same escrow account. During his employment, Haskell
was advanced $ 10,353.79 by SCI ($ 7,935.53 for airline tickets for Haskell and
his family; $ 2,017.50 for health insurance; $ 325.76 for storage and storage
insurance premiums; $ 75 for travel visas). Currently, Haskell still owes this
amount to SCI. (Testimony of Greenhouse and Haskell).

On May 26, 1995, SCI provided Haskell with a detailed accounting of the amounts
advanced, including documentation to substantiate those amounts. Further
information was provided by SCI on July 11, 1995. On August 31, 1995, SCI offset
the salary and severance amount of $ 12,839.91 in the escrow account by the $
10,353.79 which was owed by Haskell. The remaining balance of $ 2,486.12 in this
escrow account represents the entire amount due Haskell by SCI under the USAID
contract. (Testimony of Greenhouse).

SCI claims it incurred several damages as a result of Haskell's wrongful
withholding of its documents. SCI incurred $ 12,318.08 in personnel costs
concerning Haskell's retention of the documents. This amount includes 206 hours
of work by Mr. Al Greenhouse, payable at an [*7]  hourly rate of $ 52.88, and
104 hours for Mr. Greenhouse's administrative assistant, payable at an hourly
rate of $ 13.70. SCI also incurred the following administrative costs in
relation to Haskell's retention of the documents: $ 236 in DHL document delivery
costs, $ 26.61 for facsimile transmissions, $ 500 in bond premiums.
Additionally, $ 6,179.52 in SCI funds was left unaccounted for under Haskell's
supervision. (Testimony of Greenhouse).

Haskell is entitled to be paid for unused leave, which SCI is willing to pay
provided Haskell submits the required paperwork. (Testimony of Greenhouse).

II.

SCI seeks to recover compensatory and punitive damages for breach of contract,
conversion, and fraud and deceit, as well as attorney's fees.

Breach of Contract

 [HN1] A material breach of contract occurs once a party fails to do something
that he or she is bound to do according to the contract, which is so important
and central to the contract that the failure defeats the very purpose of the
contract. Spotsylvania County Sch. Bd. v. Seaboard Surety Co., 243 Va. 202, 415
S.E.2d 120 (1992). While SCI believes Haskell breached its foreign service
agreement by retaining documents necessary [*8]  for SCI to be reimbursed for
certain expenses, Haskell claims that he withheld these documents as a "security
blanket" to insure that he would receive his salary from SCI. However, section
4.7 of the agreement between SCI and Haskell provided that SCI may offset any
amounts owed by a staff member to SCI. Therefore, since Haskell's services would
no longer be required after December 31, 1994, SCI has the right under the
agreement to withhold Haskell's pay and use that money to offset amounts owed by
Haskell to SCI. Accordingly, SCI was entitled to offset the amount in the escrow
account of $ 10,343.79 against the amount owed by Haskell. Likewise, Haskell did
not have the right to retain the SCI documents. SCI needed these documents in
order to be reimbursed for legitimate expenses incurred during the performance
of the USAID contract. The retention of these documents delayed, if not deprived
SCI of the opportunity to collect reimbursable fees. Here, Haskell has breached
the contract, and accordingly, SCI is entitled to recover. In deciding that
Haskell has breached the contract, this Court finds Mr. Al Greenhouse to be a
credible witness on these issues.

Conversion

SCI claims [*9]  Haskell committed conversion when he retained the documents.
[HN2] Conversion is the unauthorized exercise and assumption of the right of
ownership over the goods or personal chattels of another. Buckeye Nat'l Bank v.
Hough and Cook, 114 Va. 1, 75 S.E. 769 (1912). Here, Haskell withheld the
documents SCI was required to submit to the contracting official of USAID in
order to obtain its reimbursement. Accordingly, this Court finds that the tort
of conversion is made out. Despite its effort to fully mitigate all losses, SCI
has suffered certain damages. In early January, 1995, SCI offered to pay Haskell
his salary if the retained documents were returned. Haskell refused to return
the documents. Subsequently, on February 16, 1995, an order of attachment was
issued in favor of SCI attaching Haskell's bank account at the First National
Bank of Maryland. The documents were finally returned to SCI on April 7, 1995.

SCI seeks compensatory damages for lost opportunity involving a contract
regarding a new venture in Nicaragua. SCI claims it lost $ 4,800 in profits
under that contract due to Haskell's retention of the documents. However, SCI is
not entitled to damages for the Nicaragua contract,  [*10]  since it was a new
venture, and the damages claimed by SCI were therefore merely speculative. See
Mullen v. Brantley, 213 Va. 765, 195 S.E.2d 696 (1973).

Fraud and Deceit

SCI seeks to recover for fraud and deceit.  [HN3] The burden of proof in a fraud
claim is "upon the party charging fraud to prove it by clear and convincing
evidence." Winn v. Aleda Constr. Co., 227 Va. 304, 315 S.E.2d 193 (1984). In
order to maintain a proper action in fraud and deceit, SCI must prove that
Haskell intentionally and knowingly made a false representation of a material
fact with the intent to mislead SCI, that SCI actually relied on this
representation, and that this reliance by SCI resulted in the company incurring
damages. Id.

While Haskell did falsely state to SCI on February 9, 1995 that he would return
the documents, he notified SCI the following day that he would not be returning
the documents. SCI has failed to set forth facts sufficient to find that it
relied on Haskell's February 9 statement to its detriment. SCI relied upon
Haskell's promise to return the documents for only one day, and has since failed
to sufficiently prove any economic loss, or other detriment, suffered by this
[*11]  one day of reliance. Accordingly, SCI has failed to sustain its claim of
fraud and deceit.

Punitive Damages

SCI seeks to recover punitive damages in this matter.  [HN4] Under Virginia law,
punitive damages are allowed with respect to tort claims containing certain
essential elements of fraudulent, false, or malicious states of mind. "Virginia
law does not permit recovery of punitive damages except upon proof of a degree
of aggravation in the critical statement of mind above the threshold level
required to establish liability for compensatory damages." Sit-Set, A.G. v.
Universal Jet Exch., Inc., 747 F.2d 921, 928 (4th Cir. 1984). Therefore,
punitive damages require "... an element of wantonness, or malice, or
overreaching going beyond mere 'shadiness' in commercial dealings." Id. Punitive
damages are not proper in this case, as no evidence was offered that Haskell
acted with malice. Haskell simply stated that he withheld the documents from SCI
to insure that he would receive his salary. While this Court does not agree with
the reasoning behind Haskell's actions, those actions did not rise to a level
necessitating an award of punitive damages. Accordingly, this Court denies SCI's
[*12]  request for punitive damages.

Attorney's Fees

SCI seeks to recover some $ 15,000 in attorney's fees incurred as a result of
its pursuing this claim against Haskell. However, the foreign service agreement
between SCI and Haskell did not provide for the recovery of legal fees.  [HN5]
Absent such contractual or statutory liability, attorney's fees and expenses
incurred by SCI in litigation are generally not recoverable. Hiss v. Friedberg,
201 Va. 572, 576-78, 112 S.E.2d 871, 875-76 (1960). Accordingly, SCI is not
entitled to attorney's fees.

III.

Haskell's Counterclaim

In addition to his salary for the month of December, 1994, Haskell seeks to
recover damages in defamation due to SCI's pleadings charging him with
conversion, fraud, and deceit.  [HN6] A statement is defamatory only to people
who can understand the words and usage to mean that the plaintiff has committed
a crime, such as conversion. See Fleming v. Moore, 221 Va. 884, 275 S.E.2d 632
(1981), cert. denied, 472 U.S. 1032, 87 L. Ed. 2d 643, 105 S. Ct. 3513 (1985).
However, statements contained in pleadings are privileged. Donohoe Constr. Co.
v. Mt. Vernon Assocs., 235 Va. 531, 369 S.E.2d 857 (1988). Accordingly,  [*13]
the statements made by SCI in its complaint are privileged. Haskell has failed
to show that he has incurred any special damages as a result of SCI's lawsuit.
Furthermore, Haskell is unable to state with certainty that he was unable to
find employment as a result of his dispute with SCI. Accordingly, Haskell has
failed to make a proper claim for damages against SCI.

Haskell also makes a breach of contract claim for failure to pay wages and for
the reimbursement of expenses. SCI did in fact pay Haskell's wages for the month
of December. These wages were placed in the escrow account established in
Haskell's name. SCI also deposited an additional $ 5,537.67 into this account,
representing Haskell's severance approved by USAID. The amount in escrow was
then properly offset by expenses incurred by SCI on behalf of Haskell. These
expenses included insurance premiums and payments, travel visas, and airline
tickets for Haskell's family. These offsets were proper in accordance with
Paragraph 4.7 of the Agreement for Foreign Service between Haskell and SCI.

Paragraph 6.1 of the Agreement for Foreign Service states that Haskell is to be
"solely" responsible for making all travel arrangements,  [*14]  including the
obtaining of travel visas and the payment of insurance thereon, unless given
prior written approval to do otherwise. Therefore, Haskell does not have the
right to be reimbursed for these expenses. Since no evidence of such prior
written approval has been furnished by Haskell, SCI acted properly by using the
escrow funds to offset expenses it had paid on Haskell's behalf. The fact that
these funds were obtained through the escrow account containing Haskell's salary
is of no consequence. SCI properly paid Haskell's salary into the escrow, and
then properly reimbursed itself for legitimate expenses from this account.

IV.

SCI is entitled to recover $ 6,179.52 as a direct loss based on deficiency of
funds under Haskell's control while in Chad. Additionally, SCI is entitled to $
13,080.69 in administrative and personnel costs. This figure reflects $
12,318.08 in salary for Mr. Greenhouse and his assistant, plus $ 236 in DHL
delivery expenses, plus $ 26.61 in facsimile transmission, and a $ 500 bond
premium. However, the $ 2,486.12 remaining in the SCI escrow account established
for Haskell is to be deducted from the $ 19,260.21 in damages sustained by SCI.

CONCLUSIONS  [*15]   OF LAW

Plaintiff SCI is a Virginia corporation with its principle place of business
located in Arlington, Virginia. Defendant Robert Winship Haskell is domiciled in
Georgia, but currently resides in Rabat, Morocco. The amount in controversy
exceeds $ 50,000. Therefore, the Court has diversity jurisdiction to adjudicate
this controversy. 28 U.S.C. 1332.

That SCI is entitled to recover tinder breach of contract and conversion against
Haskell in the amount of$ 16,774.09.

That SCI has failed to prove fraud and deceit, and has failed to provide
adequate grounds for the awarding of punitive damages.

That SCI is not entitled to an award of attorney's fees. Haskell has failed to
prove defamation and has failed to show breach of contract. An appropriate order
shall issue.

James C. Cacheris

United States District Judge

Alexandria, Virginia

Oct. 17, 1995

ORDER

In accordance with the accompanying Memorandum Opinion, it is accordingly
ORDERED:

(1) that judgment is entered in favor of Social Consultants International, Inc.,
and against Defendant Robert Winship Haskell in the amount of Sixteen Thousand
Seven Hundred Seventy Four Dollars and 09/100 ($ 16,774.09) plus costs [*16]
and interest.

(2) that the judgment is entered in favor of the Plaintiff/Counter Defendant
Social Consultants International, Inc. and against the Defendant/Counter
Plaintiff Robert Winship Haskell on the counter-claim brought by Robert Winship
Haskell.

(3) that the clerk shall forward certified copies to all counsel of record.

James C. Cacheris

United States District Judge

Alexandria, Virginia

October 17, 1995


                              209 of 221 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright © 2015 William & Mary Business Law Review. All
                                Rights Reserved.
                       William & Mary Business Law Review

                                  April, 2015

                       William & Mary Business Law Review

                         6 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 511

LENGTH: 10470 words

ARTICLE: THE "LEGAL" MARIJUANA INDUSTRY'S CHALLENGE FOR BUSINESS ENTITY LAW

NAME: LUKE SCHEUER *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, Widener Law School, and faculty member of the
Institute of Delaware Corporate and Business Law. Luke Scheuer has previously
published articles in the areas of corporate law and professional
responsibility. The author would like to thank Christine Allie, Andrew Castano,
Larry Hammermesh, Laura Ray, Paul Regan, Therese Scheuer, and Andy Strauss for
their valuable assistance with this Article. In addition, he would like to thank
the attendees who provided comments at the Legal 4.0 Conference at Northeastern
University School of Law when this paper was presented.



HIGHLIGHT:

     In recent years, many states have legalized the use and sale of
     marijuana for medical or even recreational purposes. This has led to
     the booming growth of a "legal" marijuana industry. Businesses openly
     growing and selling marijuana products to the consuming public face
     some unusual legal hurdles. Significantly, although the sale of
     marijuana may be legal at the state level, it is still illegal under
     federal law. This Article explores the conflict between state and
     federal marijuana laws from a business entity law perspective. For
     example, managers owe a fiduciary duty of good faith to their
     businesses and equity holders. One of the ways in which managers can
     violate this duty is by causing their business to intentionally
     violate the law. This is a problem for the marijuana industry because
     its managers constantly and intentionally violate federal law and
     therefore violate their fiduciary duties by growing and selling
     marijuana. This Article concludes that the industry's ability to
     attract professional stakeholders is harmed by marijuana business
     stakeholders' inability to take advantage of key business law
     protections, such as limited liability. This Article proposes a state
     law exception that allows marijuana businesses to operate normally
     under state business entity law, with normal business entity law
     protections, despite their continuing violation of federal law.

     In light of Colorado's laws and constitutional amendment legalizing
     marijuana, federal prosecutors may well choose to exercise their
     prosecutorial discretion and decline to seek indictments under the
     [Controlled Substances Act] where the activity that is illegal on the
     federal level is legal under Colorado state law. Be that as it may,
     even if the Debtor is never charged or prosecuted under the
     [Controlled Substances Act], it is conducting operations in the normal
     course of its business that violate federal criminal law.  n1


ABSTRACT

TEXT:
 [*513]  INTRODUCTION

   In recent decades, views on marijuana have undergone a sea change.  n2 In
1969, only 12 percent of Americans supported the legalization of marijuana.  n3
That percentage climbed to 58 percent by 2013 with most of that change (27
percent) in the last decade.  n4 Reflecting this change in attitude, many states
have legalized marijuana for medical  n5 or even recreational use.  n6 This has
resulted in the dramatic growth of a "legal" marijuana industry.  n7 Indeed,
medical marijuana sales for 2013 are currently estimated at $ 1.3--1.5 billion.
n8  [*514]  However, the industry is faced with a number of legal challenges,
including the continued treatment of marijuana as a controlled substance by the
federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 (the "CSA").  n9 The conflict between
state and federal marijuana laws has significant implications for an industry
seeking legitimacy and investors. From a business entity law perspective,
whether the federal government is willing to forgo prosecuting the legal
marijuana industry does not resolve the underlying conflict between state and
federal law and its effects on the marijuana industry.  n10 This is because,
even if the business's stakeholders are never charged with a crime, the fact
that they intentionally violate federal law has business entity law
consequences.  n11 In particular, stakeholders may find themselves unable to
make use of some business entity law protections.  n12

   Although the potential criminal penalties for the sale of marijuana are well
known, an emerging area of discussion is how the violation of federal law has
created non-criminal legal obstacles for marijuana businesses, including tax
issues  n13 and even complications in obtaining legal counsel.  n14 This  [*515]
Article focuses on how this jurisdictional legal conflict affects business
entity law protections, and how states can minimize these effects.  n15 It
concludes by proposing an exception to business entity law that would allow this
industry to function as normally as possible, given the current legal conflict.
n16

   Business entity law provides many protections to business stakeholders. One
of the most important protections is limited liability for equity holders.  n17
In addition, managers are generally only liable to equity holders if they breach
their fiduciary duties.  n18 These protections play a number of key roles in the
growth and development of a business.  n19 By limiting the personal financial
risk of business stakeholders, business entity law makes stakeholders more
comfortable participating in a business, whether as an investor or manager,
because they know they have more control over their potential financial
liability.  n20

   In the case of a marijuana business, stakeholders may be unable to make use
of these business entity protections.  n21 This is because many of these
protections do not apply where business stakeholders intentionally violate the
law.  n22 There are obvious public policy justifications for such a limitation:
it discourages businesses from breaking the law, as their stakeholders would not
otherwise be shielded. In the case of marijuana businesses, equity holders risk
losing limited liability because they are investing in businesses whose  [*516]
very purpose is to violate the law. Likewise, managers of these businesses might
be liable for violating their fiduciary duties despite taking no actions
inconsistent with the intentions of the equity holders. This is because the
managers intentionally cause the business to violate federal law, which, as will
be discussed, is a violation of the fiduciary duty of good faith.  n23 The
day-to-day management of marijuana businesses, by its very nature, causes
managers to breach their fiduciary duties. The expanded liability risks for
marijuana business stakeholders are further complicated by principles of equity.
n24 The unclean hands doctrine is a principle of law that can prevent parties
who have participated in wrongdoing from using the court system to sue others
who participated in that same wrongdoing.  n25 This may prevent the court from
hearing disputes between marijuana business stakeholders.  n26 While the Section
of this Article on unclean hands and bankruptcy does not deal directly with
business entity law, it is raised to show how the problems the marijuana
industry causes in business entity law extend to and complicate the application
of other areas of the law.  n27

   For states that have legalized marijuana, the potential loss of business
entity law protections should be troubling. If officers, directors, and
share-holders are unable to take advantage of standard business entity law
protections, marijuana businesses will have a hard time attracting professional
stakeholders, including institutional investors and professional managers who
have the experience to help the industry grow professionally and legally.  n28
[*517]  A less professional industry may in turn be less capable of, or
concerned with, complying with state marijuana regulations  n29 and promote a
Wild West culture of reckless business owners and operators.  n30 While this
Article will not take a stance on the merits of legalizing marijuana, it accepts
that states that have chosen to legalize it have done so based on numerous
important public policy grounds.  n31 Further, having legalized this industry
despite the CSA, states now have an incentive to minimize the effects of
conflicting state and federal law, including helping businesses take advantage
of standard business entity law protections. This, in turn, should help motivate
states to achieve public policy goals by promoting the inclusion of professional
stakeholders in marijuana businesses.

    [*518]  Part I of this Article reviews the current state of marijuana laws
and the marijuana industry. Part II considers the conflicts between the
marijuana industry and state business entity law. This Article concludes in Part
III by arguing that in states where marijuana has been legalized, there should
be an exception to that state's business entity laws that allows businesses to
take advantage of fundamental business concepts such as limited liability
despite the fact that their businesses routinely violate the CSA.  n32

   I. THE MARIJUANA INDUSTRY'S "LEGAL" STATUS

   Most industries in the United States spend a significant amount of time and
money to ensure that they comply with applicable law.  n33 Businesses hire
lawyers, accountants, and compliance officers to advise them on the legality of
their conduct. Although businesses may have occasional problems with the law,
whether it is accidentally emitting pollution or failing to pay proper taxes, it
is unusual to have a business organized under state law for the express purpose
of engaging in illegal activity.  n34 Undoubtedly, part of the reason businesses
do not routinely violate the law is that if a manager intentionally directs a
company to violate the law, it could result in personal liability.  n35 In the
case of the marijuana industry, law breaking permeates the entire business, from
the investors who provide funding, to the managers and the employees who are
engaging in an enterprise that is criminal under federal law.  n36 Whether or
not the federal government ever enforces those laws against the business, the
intentional violation of federal law has consequences under state business
entity law.  n37

 [*519]  A. The Current State of Marijuana Laws in the U.S.

   The history of marijuana laws in the United States is both long and complex.
n38 In recent years, the legality of the use and sale of marijuana has changed
rapidly.  n39 While the use or sale of marijuana was previously illegal across
the country, in recent years, many states have legalized the medical--or in some
instances, even the recreational--use of marijuana.  n40 Nevertheless, the
federal government has continued to treat marijuana as a controlled substance.
n41 This jurisdictional conflict has created an unusual tension with ripple
effects that can be felt in many areas of the law such as taxes, real property,
and business entity law.  n42 While some states have moved towards various
levels of legalization of marijuana, other states have simply changed how they
enforce the laws banning it.  n43 The conflict between federal and state law has
created a number of interesting legal challenges for the industry that do not
have a parallel in other businesses.  n44 There is precedent for conflicting
[*520]  laws between states and the federal government, such as states that
legalized gay marriage and the federal Defense of Marriage Act  n45 and how that
conflict created tax issues for married gay couples.  n46 However, the current
marijuana situation in which states have explicitly legalized a particular
business and the federal government explicitly criminalizes it, is unusual.  n47
Nevertheless, attempts to recreate the type of success achieved by the marijuana
industry in the face of continued criminal treatment by the federal government
will likely be tried in other areas. The cat, so to speak, is out of the bag. It
is not hard to recognize that popular support, along with state unwillingness to
enforce federal laws, makes it difficult to maintain a contrary federal policy.
In fact, some gun rights advocates see the legal marijuana industry's success as
a potential model for states that want to defy federal attempts to impose
background checks on gun buyers or ban assault rifles.  n48 Because these
federal gun control laws impose limitations on gun stores, state laws that
attempt  [*521]  to ban federal enforcement would allow businesses to sell guns
in violation of federal law.  n49 So far, this strategy has not enjoyed the
success of medical marijuana, but it should be noted that this is a relatively
new strategy that has not yet been attempted widely.  n50

B. State Marijuana Laws

   Currently, twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have legalized
marijuana for medicinal use.  n51 Further, six states currently have pending
legislation that would legalize medical marijuana.  n52 The first state to
legalize marijuana was California in 1996 and the latest was Alaska, in 2014.
n53 Medical marijuana laws vary greatly between states, including who can grow
marijuana, who can sell it, how much one can buy, how much one can possess, and
so forth.  n54 For our purposes, it is sufficient to note that these laws have
allowed for the development of a medical marijuana dispensary industry in many
states. In fact, it has been a rapidly growing area of business, particularly
for small businesses.  n55 Even during the recent recession, the growth of the
medical marijuana dispensary industry has been dramatic.  n56 In fact, in
[*522]  a number of states, marijuana dispensaries now outnumber Starbucks.  n57
While most marijuana businesses are relatively small, it is important to note
that at least some have grown to be worth tens or even hundreds of millions of
dollars.  n58

   While many states have legalized medical marijuana, four states have recently
gone further.  n59 On November 6, 2012, voters in both Colorado and Washington
approved the legalization of the sale and possession of marijuana for
recreational use.  n60 Because this happened so recently, and these laws have
just gone into effect, there has not yet been any development of the legal
recreational marijuana market in these states. However, one can expect it to
eventually broaden the market for marijuana products and thus grow the industry.
n61 Despite legalization on a state level (whether for medicinal or recreational
sale and use), federal law still makes it illegal to sell marijuana.  n62

C. Policy Grounds for Marijuana's Legalization

   There have been many policy arguments advanced in favor of marijuana's
legalization. These include combating crime, creating a new source of tax
revenue, failure of the war on drugs, unnecessarily high incarceration rates,
disproportionate impact of criminalization on minorities, and, of course,
compassionate care for sick people who would potentially benefit from the
[*523]  pain-mitigating effects of the drug.  n63 While the values behind these
policies are still hotly debated, the fact remains that in many states, elected
officials and citizens have been persuaded by these arguments.  n64 As this
Article will demonstrate, the conflict between state and federal marijuana
policy negatively affects states' ability to work towards their policy goals.
Accordingly, states should do what they can to minimize the negative effects of
this conflict.  n65 While states do not have the direct power to change the
federal government's stance on marijuana, they do, as will be discussed in Part
III of this Article, have the power to minimize the effects of this legal
conflict until the day when the laws are reconciled.

D. Federal Government's Response to Marijuana's Legalization

   While many states have moved in the direction of decriminalizing marijuana,
possession, and trafficking are still criminal under federal statutes,  [*524]
specifically under the CSA, which lists marijuana as a drug with "no currently
accepted medical use."  n66 Aside from making it illegal to sell marijuana, the
CSA, along with other federal laws such as the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act or Continuing Criminal Enterprise Statute, makes it criminal
to engage in a host of activities surrounding the sale of marijuana, including
renting real property to a marijuana business,  n67 funding the operations of a
marijuana business,  n68 or taking profits from a marijuana business.  n69 The
CSA, therefore, criminalizes not just those who directly sell marijuana, but
also the stakeholders who participate in marijuana businesses, including
managers, equity holders, and creditors.  n70

   The federal government's response to whether it would respect state
legalization of marijuana has been inconsistent.  n71 On the campaign trail in
2008, President Obama said "I'm not going to be using Justice Department
resources to try to circumvent state laws on this issue."  n72 Further, in 2009,
Attorney General Eric Holder indicated that he would not pursue medical  [*525]
marijuana users and businesses.  n73 He observed that "[f]or those organizations
that are doing so sanctioned by state law, and doing it in a way that is
consistent with state law, and given the limited resources that we have, that
will not be an emphasis for this administration."  n74 This liberal or
libertarian attitude to enforcement of the CSA seemed to give states hope that
even if medical marijuana was technically illegal on a federal level, sellers
would not be prosecuted under federal law.  n75 In late 2012, President Obama
seemed to give further hope to the industry when he indicated that it would not
be a federal priority under his administration to go after the medical marijuana
industry, or at least users, in states where it was legal.  n76

   However, in a 2011 memorandum to the United States Attorneys, James Cole, the
Deputy Attorney General, clarified how they should address medical marijuana.
n77 Cole's memorandum is less respectful of state choices related to medical
marijuana, particularly with regard to dispensaries.  n78 Cole wrote:


     The Department of Justice is committed to the enforcement of the
     Controlled Substances Act in all States. Congress has determined that
     marijuana is a dangerous drug that the illegal distribution and sale
     of marijuana is a serious crime that provides a significant source of
     revenue to large scale criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels.  n79


The memorandum seems committed to the vigorous enforcement of the CSA's ban on
the possession or sale of marijuana. However, the next paragraph makes clear
that in reality it is no longer a priority to go after at least certain classes
of marijuana users, stating:


      [*526]  [I]t is likely not an efficient use of federal resources to
     focus enforcement efforts on individuals with cancer or other serious
     illnesses who use marijuana as part of a recommended treatment regimen
     consistent with applicable state law, or their caregivers. The term
     "caregiver" as used in the memorandum meant just that: individuals
     providing care to individuals with cancer or other serious illnesses,
     not commercial operations cultivating, selling or distributing
     marijuana.  n80


This seems to put medical marijuana users in the clear, but not the dispensaries
that provide those users with the marijuana. The memorandum states that even
when the marijuana dispensary is conducted in accordance with state law, the
people who facilitate this activity "are in violation of the Controlled
Substances Act, regardless of state law" and are:


     subject to federal enforcement action, including potential
     prosecution. State laws or local ordinances are not a defense to civil
     enforcement of federal law with respect to such conduct, including
     enforcement of the CSA. Those who engage in transactions involving the
     proceeds of such activity may also be in violation of federal money
     laundering statutes and other federal financing laws.  n81


It is clear from this memorandum that the United States Attorney's office views
the CSA as trumping state and municipal laws legalizing marijuana. However, this
is not just empty rhetoric. The federal government has put this memo into
practice by raiding numerous medical marijuana dispensaries in multiple states,
recently raiding twenty-six medical marijuana dispensaries in Montana cities.
n82 These raids were not spur-of-the-moment either; they had been planned for
eighteen months.  n83 Marijuana plants, computers, and other business items were
seized, and some bank accounts were frozen.  n84 Along with the raids, civil
seizure warrants were executed on financial institutions seeking $ 4 million
worth of assets.  n85 These raids were obviously devastating for these
businesses and most likely caused a total loss of investment.  n86

    [*527]  While the enforcement action above is hardly the only such incident,
it serves to demonstrate the vulnerability of medical marijuana businesses.  n87
They can be, and in some cases are being, shut down at any time. In fact,
hundreds of dispensaries in California have been closed due to raids, and many
raids have occurred in other states such as Colorado and Montana.  n88
Nevertheless, the federal government has not taken the step of shutting down all
of the thousands of still openly operating dispensaries.  n89 It either targets
certain dispensaries or is simply providing a public reminder of the law through
the occasional raid.  n90

   All of the federal responses discussed above have been with regard to medical
marijuana laws and participants. Because Washington and Colorado's recreational
marijuana laws have just gone into effect, we have not yet seen how many
enforcement actions will be brought against businesses that sell recreational
marijuana.  n91 In August 2013, the Justice Department announced it would not
seek to block or pre-empt these laws but that marijuana would remain illegal
under the CSA.  n92 However, it is probably safe to say that if medical
marijuana dispensaries are still considered illegal and an option for
prosecution by the federal government exists, then a recreational marijuana
dispensary would be at even more risk.  n93 In November 2013,  [*528]  one month
before the law went into effect, federal agents raided numerous marijuana
dispensaries in Colorado in what may have been a warning to marijuana businesses
set to start selling marijuana to recreational users in January 2014.  n94

   While the overall trend seems to be towards less aggressive enforcement of
federal marijuana laws,  n95 as will be discussed below, for purposes of this
Article it is not crucial whether the federal government backs off from
enforcement of the CSA.  n96 As long as the sale of marijuana is illegal on a
federal level, according to state business law, there will be complications for
businesses trying to make use of standard business entity law protections. In
any case, it is clear that despite the stepped up raids on the marijuana
industry by the federal government, the marijuana industry is still growing in
terms of the size of these businesses, the amount of money being invested, and
the total number of businesses being created and operated.  n97 Therefore, since
neither the industry nor the criminalization of marijuana on the federal level
are going away, there is an interest in ensuring that the industry is run
professionally.

E. The Financial State of the Marijuana Industry

   Because of the legal concerns related to the industry, most marijuana
businesses will be relatively small, though there are some companies with
[*529]  substantial assets. Currently, the largest medical marijuana industry
businesses have market caps approaching $ 126 million.  n98 Some wealthy
investors are also getting involved with this industry, potentially putting
their substantial personal resources at risk.  n99 Further, if the business
entity law issues (along with other legal issues such as tax problems) could be
solved, numerous large companies and investors would eagerly move into this
industry.  n100 One can easily understand why investors are eager to get into
this industry before it is built up, when the "legal" domestic marijuana
industry has been estimated to have a potential value of $ 100 billion.  n101 In
2005, the United Nations estimated the worldwide trade in marijuana was worth $
142 billion.  n102 The legal medical marijuana industry grew at a rate of 13.8
percent from 2008 until 2013.  n103 In particular, one can expect that if the
legal conflicts get worked out, the most likely companies to move into this
industry would be the tobacco companies.  n104 They have the farmers, supply
chains, and industry expertise to create a strongly branded product.  n105
Opening this industry would also give these deep-pocketed companies a strong new
revenue source to  [*530]  supplement the slowly declining cigarette market.
n106 Another possibility would be for large pharmaceutical companies to enter
the market, as they, like tobacco companies, have the experience and resources
to become major players.  n107 However, as long as the current legal conflicts
remain, it is unlikely that companies from these established industries would
move into the marijuana industry because of the significant liability issues.
According to surveys, up to half of adults have tried marijuana and 12 percent
have tried it in the last year.  n108 This would be a big market for established
companies to move into when you consider the amount of money tobacco companies
make when less than 18.1 percent of adults currently smoke cigarettes.  n109
However, these businesses will not invest so long as investing is a federal
criminal offense. They do not want to expose their main businesses to potential
criminal liability. Ironically, as most marijuana businesses are small
operations due to lack of investors, they are at even more risk than large
companies by not receiving standard business law protections, because it is less
likely that they will thoroughly vet potential sources of liability with a
business attorney.  n110

   Though most marijuana businesses are small, there are still some stakeholders
with significant assets.  n111 For example, there is at least one private-equity
fund, Privateer Holdings, which specializes in investing in this industry,
though it has a confusing policy of "'don't touch the leaf,'" indicating its
underlying concern with potential federal law enforcement action.  n112 Instead,
the fund chooses to focus on ancillary businesses that provide services to
marijuana companies without directly dealing with the drug.  n113 These high net
worth investors are proceeding very cautiously, but clearly the demand for
investment opportunities in this market exists.

    [*531]  Finally, it should be noted that not all marijuana businesses are
one-stop shops. The marijuana industry is likely to have different specialized
businesses, each having a separate role in getting marijuana to the final user.
n114 There will be seed sellers, farmers, dispensaries, etc.  n115 While some
dispensaries will grow their own marijuana, many of them will acquire their
product from outside sources.  n116 No matter what size these businesses are, or
how much personal wealth their investors have, there is no question that this
industry would benefit from the normal protections of business entity law, which
are afforded to all other businesses (such as limited liability for equity
holders or the business judgment rule for managers). The next Section of the
Article goes on to discuss a few examples of basic business entity law
protections and how these protections might not be available to the marijuana
industry.  n117

   II. THE MARIJUANA INDUSTRY'S TROUBLE WITH BUSINESS ENTITY LAW

   Since this Article focuses on the effect that conflicting marijuana laws have
on the application of business entity law, it is worth asking whether marijuana
businesses are in fact being run as business entities. After all, most drug
dealers are not known for complying with laws and registering their businesses
with the state.  n118 By not registering their business formally with a state,
drug dealers do not even attempt to gain protections, such as limited liability,
that come with choosing an appropriate business form. In most states, if a
business does not take active steps to register with the state, the business
will, by default, be considered either a sole proprietorship if run and wholly
owned by an individual, or a general partnership if there are at least two
[*532]  participants in the business.  n119 Neither of these business forms
receives the benefit of limited liability for equity holders.  n120 As such, if
a marijuana dispensary is run in either of these business forms, the owners
should not expect to receive protection from creditors and therefore, some of
the problems raised in this Article would not apply. However, despite the
problems with business entity law in states where marijuana businesses are
legal, most of these businesses will not skip the step of active formation by
forming as LLCs.  n121 This is advisable because, if nothing else, forming an
LLC and adopting an operating agreement will create default rules that will help
the LLC by governing disputes between the various stakeholders of the business.
n122 However, in addition, many people forming marijuana businesses as LLCs may
not be aware of the potential problems they might have with business entity
laws. Having formed their business as an LLC, equity holders and managers most
likely expect to get the same treatment under business entity law as other LLCs.
Alternatively, these businesses may form as LLCs with the hope that state courts
will not recognize their illegal activity when applying state business entity
laws.

A. Limited Liability Protection Might Not Be Available to Marijuana Businesses

   Most commonly used business entity forms get the benefit of limited liability
protection for equity holders. The concept of limited liability protects  [*533]
equity holders against vicarious liability earned by the business or its other
stakeholders.  n123 It is a core concept of modern business law and has been
instrumental in the growth of modern business.  n124 It is important for
businesses on two key levels.  n125 The first is that limited liability promotes
investment in business both in terms of total dollars invested and the number of
people who invest.  n126 This is because investors will know that the only money
that is at risk is the money they invest.  n127 As a consequence, they can
invest in businesses with a higher potential rate of return, but also a higher
risk of loss.  n128 They know that the rest of their assets will not be at risk.
n129 Further, it allows investors to diversify their investment by putting money
into multiple businesses without having to worry about overseeing management.
n130 As such, it promotes passive investing.  n131 The second key benefit of
limited liability is the effect it has on the management of limited liability
entities.  n132 Management knows that the only equity money that can be lost is
that actively invested in the business.  n133 They are not risking their
investors' outside personal assets;  n134 therefore, the management can make
business decisions without worrying about excess liabilities.  n135

   But without limited liability, the risk tolerance for investors and managers
will change. For example, Jamen Shively, a retired Microsoft executive, has
announced that he wants to launch the first national marijuana brand in the U.S.
n136 As part of this business plan, Shively is seeking up to $ 10 million worth
of investment.  n137 While it is unclear what Shively's total net worth is, let
us assume that it is $ 50 million. If Shively invests $ 1 million in the
marijuana brand company and the company is unsuccessful and closes with a
[*534]  $ 20 million liability (due to a tort claim, for example), Shively would
only lose $ 1 million and the rest of his investors' $ 9 million when limited
liability is applied as it would to a normal business. The company would
dissolve and creditors would not see a full return on their debt. This would
only be the case if marijuana businesses were able to benefit from limited
liability. Without limited liability, when the business dissolves, Shively and
his investors would not simply have lost their cumulative $ 10 million initial
investment; they would also be on the hook for any unpaid liabilities that exist
when the businesses dissolves. Since there is no way of predicting what the
liabilities of a marijuana business will be when it closes in the future, these
potential losses could be astronomical and could personally bankrupt these high
net worth investors. The lack of limited liability would in fact dissuade most
investors from investing at all. Therefore, the question of whether marijuana
businesses get limited liability protection is crucial to the growth of this
industry.

   Unfortunately, there does not seem to be any case law specifically addressing
whether there is limited liability for investors in marijuana businesses. In
addition, there does not seem to be any scholarly or media discussion of this
issue. However, an analysis of normal business entity law indicates that they
should not get the benefit of limited liability protection.  n138 Courts agree
that limited liability is not to be used to protect investors in businesses
whose purpose is to conduct fraudulent or illegal operations.  n139


      [*535]  Under the alter ego doctrine, then, when the corporate form
     is used to perpetrate a fraud, circumvent a statute, or accomplish
     some other wrongful or inequitable purpose, the courts will ignore the
     corporate entity and deem the corporation's acts to be those of the
     persons or organizations actually controlling the corporation, in most
     instances the equitable owners.  n140


Because a marijuana business's entire purpose is to sell marijuana, a crime
under federal law, this should mean that the investors in these businesses
should not have limited liability and are therefore exposing their entire net
worth to potential claims against the business.  n141

   One small comfort for marijuana business stakeholders is that courts might
hold that there must be a nexus between the wrongful purpose of the business and
the creditor's injury.  n142 Normally this would mean that the creditor trying
to pierce the corporate veil on the basis that the business was an instrument
for fraud must prove that they were a victim of that fraud and not simply a
normal business creditor.  n143 But what does this mean for a marijuana
business's creditors? Who are the victims of this illegal business? While
illegal according to the federal government, marijuana businesses are not (at
least in general) run as schemes to steal money and not pay back debts, and, for
the most part, creditors will know exactly what type of business they are
getting involved with.  n144 Of course one could imagine exceptions. A marijuana
business that burns down because of poorly installed grow lights and damages a
neighbor's property could give rise to a wholly innocent tort  [*536]  creditor
whose injury flowed directly from illegal activity. However, this would probably
be a rare case. Therefore, if courts require a nexus between the marijuana
business's illegal activity and the creditor's harm, the equity holders might
still get the benefit of limited liability against some creditors. In any case,
it is at least possible that some courts that do not require a nexus, will not
grant equity holders limited liability at all.

Without limited liability, marijuana dispensaries will have a hard time
attracting high net worth investors and will also be more constrained in the
business risks their managers can take. As long as the current jurisdictional
conflict over the legality of their business continues, this industry will not
be able to attract professional investors, including institutional investors
such as venture capital and banks,  n145 to help set up these businesses.  n146
A recent New York Times article noted that


     [b]anks handling money from state-authorized marijuana dispensaries
     may face a money-laundering prosecution by either the federal
     government or by another state if the funds cross state lines ...
     Shunned by banks, dispensaries have flocked to money-services
     businesses to obtain money orders. But that industry is not well
     prepared to manage the legal obligations ...  n147


Perhaps recognizing this, the Treasury has recently changed its policy to allow
marijuana businesses to open bank accounts, but the banking industry has not had
the confidence to embrace this policy.  n148 This is, of course, the exact
opposite of what states should want. They should want marijuana dispensaries to
get the firm guidance of professional bankers and not be forced into the
overwhelmed money-services industry which itself has a reputation for shadiness.
n149

    [*537]  Of course, even without limited liability, this does not mean the
marijuana industry will not draw investors. Friends, family, and alternative
investment funds will come together to provide the seed money necessary to get
these businesses up and running.  n150 While this limitation on funding will
likely change over time if the industry gains federal acceptance, in the
meantime, the industry is largely shut out from the benefits of professional
investors and the experience they can bring to a business.  n151 There has
already been discussion of the big tobacco and pharmaceutical companies moving
into this industry, though they are likely waiting until the federal government
changes its stance on marijuana because of potential liability.  n152 Because of
the lack of discussion of this issue, investors in this industry may not
understand the level of risk they are currently taking.

B. Fiduciary Duties of Managers of Marijuana Dispensaries

   Another key concept in business law is the fiduciary duties of management.
n153 With a normal business, management is liable to equity holders only if
there is a breach of a fiduciary duty.  n154 The business judgment rule protects
management from liability due to bad business decisions.  n155 This rule, like
limited liability protection for investors, means that managers can take more
risks in running the business than they would be comfortable doing if  [*538]
they were on the hook for regular business decisions gone bad.  n156 This rule,
limiting liability to breaches of fiduciary duties, is a standard protection
afforded to business managers in all states.  n157 Managers of all business
entities owe their businesses and investors two fiduciary duties, the duty of
care and the duty of loyalty.  n158 In addition, managers owe their businesses
and investors a duty of good faith, which some states include as a separate
fiduciary duty and some include as a part of the duty of care or loyalty.  n159
Without going into detail on these well-discussed duties, the duty of care
requires that managers keep track of their business and stay informed as to how
it is being run.  n160 The duty of loyalty limits a manager's ability to put
their own personal interests ahead of the business.  n161 Finally, the duty of
good faith requires that directors not intentionally harm their business.  n162
In addition, the duty of good faith is violated when a manager causes his or her
business to intentionally violate the law.  n163 There is both scholarly and
judicial consensus on this point.  n164

    [*539]  Most states allow businesses to limit the liability of directors in
their formation documents.  n165 The extent to which liability may be limited
varies greatly both between states and within a state according to the form of
the business. In general, LLCs may limit their managers' liabilities to a
greater extent than other businesses.  n166 While the exact extent of the
fiduciary duties may change according to the form of business and state of
formation, at a minimum, states require managers to comply with the duty of good
faith.  n167 While this can go a long way in protecting managers, no state
currently allows the elimination or limitation of the duty of good faith.  n168
So at a minimum, managers will owe this duty to their businesses and investors.
n169 Normally, the breach of the duty of good faith is a difficult breach to
prove.  n170 Ironically, for marijuana businesses, it may be the easiest.  n171

   It is possible to advance an argument that intentional violations of the law
should not be per se violations of the duty of good faith, but these arguments
[*540]  do not seem to reflect current law.  n172 For the managers of most
businesses, the fiduciary duty of good faith is easy to comply with, but the
marijuana industry is in constant breach of federal law since its entire purpose
is openly to violate the CSA. For marijuana businesses, every act of the
business is in furtherance of an illegal act, namely growing and selling
marijuana. As such, any time a manager of a marijuana dispensary authorizes any
act in furtherance of the business, she is intentionally authorizing the
violation of the law and is therefore in breach of her duty of good faith
according to state business entity law. As a consequence, the management of
marijuana businesses is in constant breach of its duty of good faith to its
investors. Because every act a marijuana business takes, and every decision its
managers make, is in furtherance of the criminal act of selling marijuana, the
managers will never get the benefit of the business judgment rule.  n173 If this
industry is unable to take advantage of the business judgment rule and its
management is exposed to higher than normal personal liability, then it will
have a hard time attracting professional managers accustomed to running
businesses in compliance (or at least as in compliance as the marijuana industry
can currently be) with the law.  n174

   The results of this constant breach of good faith are themselves complicated.
Normally, violations of fiduciary duties are isolated affairs and not reflective
of the entire purpose of the business. When a director breaches her duty of good
faith by authorizing an intentional violation of the law, the business (or
possibly the equity holders through a derivative action) can normally sue the
manager for any damages caused to the business as a result of this action.  n175
But can the business or equity holders sue their managers for authorizing a
breaking of the law when the equity holders funded the business for  [*541]
this very purpose? Also, what does it mean to sue management for damages for
this breach of the fiduciary duty to their business when the business would not
be operational without this legal violation?

1. The Duty of Good Faith and the Unclean Hands of Marijuana Stakeholders

   The problems that the marijuana industry causes for business entity law
extend to other areas of the law as well. The first complication in holding that
managers of marijuana businesses are in constant breach of the duty of good
faith, and thus potentially liable to their business or investors, arises from
doctrines, such as the unclean hands doctrine, which bar recovery by individuals
who participated in the illegal conduct.  n176 Specifically, this doctrine holds
that a court will not participate in or give legal credence to a lawsuit between
two parties who participated in a shared bad act such as a criminal enterprise.
n177 For example, if two individuals run a fraudulent business together, once
that business fails, those individuals will not be able to sue each other to
recover money they lost in that business.  n178 "It is a fundamental principle
of equity that 'he who comes into equity must do so with clean hands.'"  n179 A
litigant's unclean hands "in relation to the matters in controversy" forfeits
his claim, regardless of merit.  n180 Intentional participation in criminal acts
by a plaintiff will generally be sufficient grounds for the application of this
doctrine.  n181 Based on this doctrine, equity holders who intentionally fund an
illegal business should forfeit claims against management.

   The application of the unclean hands doctrine to the marijuana industry both
complicates the normal application of business entity laws and is likely to
confuse stakeholders about their rights and responsibilities. This is because
[*542]  the equity holders, management, and any creditors who knew the nature of
the business all equally decided to participate in a criminal enterprise and
therefore none of their hands are clean. Put differently, whereas it was noted
above that marijuana business managers are in constant breach of their duty of
good faith, and thus should be liable to their equity holders if the business
does not succeed, in reality, those equity holders might not be able to sue
management because they themselves participated in and condoned the illegal acts
that gave rise to the breach. While there are no cases that have addressed this
issue, at least one bankruptcy court, without explaining its basis, speculated
that no court would apply the unclean hands doctrine to deny an employee's right
to sue their employer for personal injury even though the business grew
marijuana.  n182 Presumably, the court came to this conclusion because it found
that the illegal conduct of the parties was not central to the plaintiff's
claim.  n183 Unfortunately, no opinion directly addresses whether marijuana
business stakeholders are barred from suing each other by the unclean hands
doctrine, so there are a number of open questions as to how it will be applied
to this novel situation.  n184 The unclean hands doctrine generally bars a
plaintiff's claims only when his wrongful conduct is part of the equitable
claim, that he "dirties them in acquiring the right he now asserts."  n185 In
the marijuana industry's case, the equity holders obtained any rights they have
against management by committing the illegal act of funding the business, so it
seems likely that a court would not adjudicate their dispute.

   Although it is a bit speculative, on its face, the unclean hands doctrine
should clearly bar plaintiffs from using federal and state courts in states
where the marijuana activities being conducted are not legal. At least one court
has denied a medical marijuana business the right to pursue claims in federal
court because it violated federal law:


     [a] federal court should not lend its judicial power to a plaintiff
     who seeks to invoke that power for the purpose of consummating a
     transaction in clear violation of law ... The unclean hands doctrine
     closes the doors of a  [*543]  court to one who is tainted relative to
     the matter in which he seeks relief, however improper may have been
     the behavior of the defendant.  n186

   But would state courts in states where marijuana has been legalized apply the
unclean hands doctrine to marijuana businesses? This is a more difficult
question to answer because there is little case law on this point. The answer is
probably contingent upon the situation, but should not be an automatic yes for
both sovereignty and policy reasons. It would seem ridiculous to allow an equity
holder to sue their manager for violating the law when the equity holder
invested for that very purpose. The unclean hands of the equity holder should
bar this suit. However, what about other violations of fiduciary duties, for
example, if the manager steals money from the business? On one hand, it seems
crazy to think that a court would allow a manager to commit a crime without
leaving victims an opportunity for recourse. On the other hand, the entire
nature of their relationship is based upon a criminal intent, and the stolen
money was the result of criminal activity. If two people rob a bank, and then
one bank robber robs the other, no court would allow the wronged bank robber to
sue for his portion of the stolen money. In the marijuana case, all the profits
of the business are a result of the criminal sale of illegal drugs, and
therefore, courts should not allow themselves to be used to apportion this
money.

   Does this mean that despite the managers' constant breach of their duty of
good faith that they cannot be sued for this breach because of the equity
holder's own participation in the business's criminal activity? If the answer is
yes, then management for marijuana businesses have unintentionally been given
something that no other industry's management can have, a complete lack of
fiduciary liability to its equity holders. This is not a logical, or desirable,
outcome for these businesses, and so the exception to business entity law
proposed later in this Article will attempt to negate this legal quirk.  n187

   However, even if equity cannot enforce a manager's fiduciary duties because
of the unclean hands doctrine, that does not necessarily mean that the
management escapes entirely from the problem of being in constant breach of its
duty of good faith. When a business becomes insolvent, the management's
fiduciary duties can shift from the equity holders to the creditors of the
business:


     It is well settled that directors owe fiduciary duties to the
     corporation. When a corporation is solvent, those duties may be
     enforced by its shareholders, who have standing to bring derivative
     actions on behalf of the  [*544]  corporation because they are the
     ultimate beneficiaries of the corporation's growth and increased
     value. When a corporation is insolvent, however, its creditors take
     the place of the shareholders as the residual beneficiaries of any
     increase in value. Consequently, the creditors of an insolvent
     corporation have standing to maintain derivative claims against
     directors on behalf of the corporation for breaches of fiduciary
     duties.  n188


If management is in constant breach of its duty of good faith, and the creditors
are not preempted from suing by the unclean hands doctrine, then management
faces the possibility of always being liable to creditors if the business
becomes insolvent. This issue is a bit more complicated for LLCs, but if the
company goes into a bankruptcy proceeding, the duties will also likely shift to
creditors.

   If a marijuana business becomes insolvent, can creditors bring claims against
management for their breach of the duty of good faith or are they barred by the
doctrine of unclean hands? The answer is more complicated than it is with the
marijuana business's equity holders. Though the unclean hands doctrine can apply
to a creditor-management relationship, just as it can with an equity-management
relationship, it will not be as obvious that the creditors have unclean hands.
n189 The equity holders of a marijuana business knew that they were funding a
business that would violate federal law. Creditors might likewise have known.
For example, a common financing structure for many start-up businesses includes
the founders putting in both equity and debt.  n190 As such, for many small
businesses, the equity holders are also creditors.  n191 In such a scenario, it
seems obvious that when the equity and debt is owed to the same individual, the
unclean hands doctrine would bar claims brought under either relationship.
However, even unrelated creditors can have unclean hands. A marijuana dispensary
might buy its marijuana from a farmer on credit. The farmer is equally complicit
with the business's equity holders in furthering the illegal sale of marijuana,
and the unclean hands doctrine should bar his claims against management. Another
creditor might be supplying a product or service to the business that is not
directly marijuana related, but the creditor might still know that the business
is going  [*545]  to use that product or service in furtherance of selling
marijuana. So a car dealer that sells a delivery van to a marijuana dispensary
with full knowledge that it will be used to transport drugs should also be
barred from suing management under the unclean hands doctrine. Of course, there
will be innocent creditors as well; those who knew nothing of the nature of the
business they were getting involved with and who as a result do not have unclean
hands. A tort victim could be injured by a negligently driven marijuana delivery
vehicle. That victim obviously made no contribution to the criminal activity of
the business. Or a creditor could supply products or services to a marijuana
business without knowing the nature of the business, such as when the business's
name does not clearly indicate the nature of the company.  n192 These innocent
creditors would be owed fiduciary duties in the event that the business becomes
insolvent and as a result, they could attempt to bring derivative claims against
management to enforce those duties. If the business becomes insolvent at any
point, even for reasons unrelated to the management's direct breach of their
fiduciary duties, there will be someone, if no one else than a bankruptcy
trustee, who will come looking to collect on any money owed to the business.

   Thus, the constant violation of the duty of good faith by managers could
potentially lead to their personal liability, though it may take creditors
working through an insolvency proceeding to get there. Fortunately, for
creditors, and unfortunately, for managers, the insolvency proceeding for
marijuana businesses is not the normal process. The normal response by an
insolvent company unable to pay its creditors would be to file bankruptcy at
which point creditors can only pursue claims through that proceeding. However,
as this Article will discuss in the next Section, marijuana businesses cannot
make use of the federal bankruptcy system in the way a normal business would.

2. Can Bankruptcy Trustees Pursue Fiduciary Duty Claims Against Managers in the
Name of Creditors?

   A standard protection in our society for businesses that have taken on too
much debt and are now unable to pay their creditors is found in federal
bankruptcy laws.  n193 In particular, businesses are able to file either a
chapter 11 case and try and rehabilitate their business or a chapter 7 case and
simply  [*546]  liquidate the business for the benefit of creditors.  n194 As
part of the bankruptcy process, businesses will negotiate and pay off creditors,
to the extent able, while collecting as much money owed to the business as
possible.  n195 Normally, managers would not be liable during the insolvency
proceeding unless there is a claim against them, such as for a breach of their
fiduciary duty to their business.  n196

   However, because medical marijuana businesses are illegal on a federal level,
it appears that these businesses will not be able to take full advantage of
federal bankruptcy laws. A bankruptcy court recently applied the unclean hands
doctrine and denied chapter 11 bankruptcy protections to a business that had
violated the CSA by knowingly renting space to a marijuana business.  n197 It
noted that "a federal court cannot be asked to enforce the protections of the
Bankruptcy Code in aid of a Debtor whose activities constitute a continuing
federal crime."  n198 The court concluded that it must either dismiss the case
entirely or convert the case to a chapter 7 case.  n199 The court struggled with
this decision in part because converting the case to chapter 7 would require a
bankruptcy trustee to administer the debtor's estate and therefore participate
in its criminal activity, if only to wind the business down.  n200 Ironically,
it may be better for the marijuana business's managers if the court dismisses
the case entirely instead of converting it to chapter 7. If the case is
converted, a bankruptcy trustee will be appointed to go after the managers for
their breaches of fiduciary duty.  n201 In contrast, if the court dismisses the
case, the business will have to proceed with a state court insolvency proceeding
if it wants relief from creditor collection efforts.  n202 These non-bankruptcy
alternatives include assignments for the benefit of creditors and receiverships.
While the nature of these proceedings varies according  [*547]  to state law,
generally, creditors or a receiver would be able to pursue the management for
breaching their fiduciary duty to their business.  n203 From this perspective, a
chapter 7 and state insolvency proceeding would have the same impact on claims
against management, but state courts, as will be discussed in Part II.C, have a
greater incentive not to find that management's violation of federal law should
negate a business's ability to use the court system to litigate
inter-stakeholder disputes.

   Though undecided, it is probable that at the very least, creditors, a
bankruptcy trustee, or a state receiver will be able to pursue claims against
management for breaching their fiduciary duties. In the next Section, this
Article will propose an exception to business entity law to help minimize the
effects of the conflict between state and federal marijuana laws on the
marijuana industry.

C. How Will Marijuana Dispensaries' Inability to Take Advantage of Business
Entity Law Protections Affect This Industry and the States in Which it Operates?

   On top of the other legal challenges the marijuana industry faces, without
standard business entity law protections like limited liability and the business
judgment rule, marijuana businesses will have a hard time attracting
professional stakeholders. Institutional and high net worth investors and
professional managers will be nervous that they could be subject to unusually
high liabilities if the business experiences financial problems. As a
consequence, we are likely to see a different kind of entrepreneur dominating
this market. Instead of professionals who are primarily motivated by profit, as
we see in other industries, we are likely to see fewer professional stakeholders
who do not understand the risk of investing in illegal businesses, those with no
assets outside the business that are at risk, or those who are drawn to work in
this industry for other reasons such as their personal experience with
marijuana.  n204 The large businesses that would be a natural fit for moving
into this market, such as tobacco or pharmaceutical companies, will probably
stay out. Whereas some might be happy if the marijuana industry is not taken
over by the  [*548]  tobacco industry, there will be consequences for both the
marijuana industry and the states in which it operates.  n205

   The industry will likely suffer because it will attract people who are less
experienced with business.  n206 In fact, it will primarily attract individuals
who had experience dealing with marijuana before it was legalized. For these
formerly criminal drug dealers, the partial legality of the industry is actually
an improvement for them from a legal perspective. Unlike regular businesspeople,
these individuals were used to operating in the shadows, fearing possible legal
enforcement. The chance of legal enforcement has simply decreased for them
because now it is only a federal and not a state criminal issue. However, these
individuals will have less experience navigating the tricky regulatory rules
n207 for marijuana dispensaries and will be more likely to take shortcuts. In
fact, it is more probable that they will intentionally skirt state regulations
when they see benefit in doing so, because many have a history of avoiding the
law. This in turn will give the industry a reputation for lawlessness, something
we have already seen develop.  n208 While states set rules on who can buy
marijuana and the quantity, the common belief about the industry is that sellers
are obeying these limitations superficially at best.  n209 As a consequence,
this will cause communities to clamp down on the growth of the industry where
they can;  n210 it also likely will not help persuade the federal government
that it should legalize the product. Finally, it will act as a vicious circle in
the  [*549]  sense that this lack of professionalism will scare away
professional stakeholders who might otherwise be tempted to move into the
market.  n211

   The unprofessionalism of the industry will also lead to problems for the
states in which marijuana has been legalized. While legalizing marijuana was, in
part, intended to reduce crime and drug use by minors, if the marijuana
dispensaries are not run professionally, they could instead promote crime and
drug use in minors.  n212 They could do this by dealing with questionable
marijuana growers, such as Mexican cartels, who would in turn use those profits
to grow their cartels' interest in other criminal fields.  n213 Alternatively,
the dispensaries might simply sell the drug so freely that it will be passed on
to non-licensed consumers.  n214 For example, if a customer seeks to buy
marijuana and then frequently is seen meeting underage individuals outside, a
professional businessperson would stop selling to that customer. However, if the
business is run by unprofessional individuals who perhaps sold to underage
people themselves before marijuana was legalized, they may be more likely to
look the other way in the name of short-term profits.  n215

    [*550]  The argument in favor of this Article's proposal is that various
states have made the political decision that the state would benefit if
marijuana were sold openly through state regulated entities rather than
illegally by criminal drug dealers. Having made that decision, states that have
legalized marijuana now have to make some difficult choices. Do they wait for
the federal government to change the CSA and meanwhile allow the marijuana
industry to stumble along in the current legal gray zone, operating openly but
not able to take advantage of the standard business practices that would help
professionalize them? Or do they do what they can in the meantime to help these
industries? From an equitable standpoint, they have given the blessing of state
legality to these businesses, and it only seems fitting that they should try to
make it as easy as possible for them to operate within the law.

   How serious the effect of the lack of professionalism on the marijuana
industry may be is open to debate. However, states that have legalized marijuana
on policy grounds have an incentive to see the industry behave in a responsible
manner.  n216 Thus, they should seek to minimize the effects that the marijuana
legal conflict has on this industry. Creating a business entity law exception
for marijuana businesses certainly would not solve all the legal problems facing
this industry or address all their liability concerns, but it will help bring
this industry closer to the legal world inhabited by other industries. Until the
legality of marijuana is reconciled between the states and the federal
government, this industry will always be at risk of federal enforcement actions
and will not be able to take advantage of many aspects of business life that
other industries take for granted, such as the ability to deduct expenses from
its taxes or the ability to get a loan from a bank.  n217 As this Article was
being completed, the Treasury Department changed its policy to allow marijuana
businesses to open bank accounts.  n218 But the federal government did not
(noting an example of a Washington state marijuana dispensary selling "pot-laced
beer" to a minor. Incidentally, the dispensary lacked a liquor license to sell
liquor to anyone. The dispensary claimed they believed their actions were
protected by "dispensary regulations." However, clearly they did not understand
those regulations or did not mean to comply with them. Either way, this is just
one example of the lack of professionalism among the stakeholders in this
industry.).  [*551]  decriminalize marijuana. This piecemeal approach by the
federal government only underscores the need for states to do more to protect
the marijuana industry by creating an exception to their own business entity
laws.

III. PROPOSED BUSINESS ENTITY EXCEPTION FOR MARIJUANA BUSINESSES

   As has been discussed, states that have legalized the marijuana industry now
have an incentive to see them operate professionally. Part of promoting a
professional marijuana industry will be to pass laws that encourage professional
and responsible businesspeople to become stakeholders in the industry. To
accomplish this, a state such as Colorado should create an exception to its
business entity and other related laws so that the violation of the CSA by the
marijuana industry will not negate the industry's ability to take advantage of
other state laws. In form, the exception would hold that a violation of another
jurisdiction's laws, which directly contradicts laws passed within Colorado,
will not act as a violation of the law for purposes of establishing good faith
and clean hands in a Colorado court with regard to a business operating entirely
within Colorado's borders. The court can apply this exception when it finds that
state public policy outweighs the value of enforcing the foreign jurisdiction's
law.

   The exception to the business entity laws being proposed by this Article has
the benefit of being simple in concept, though its application would naturally
be more complex. The exception would strive to make business entity rules such
as limited liability and fiduciary duties function for the marijuana industry as
similarly as possible to the way they work for a business that does not have the
jurisdictional legal conflicts that the marijuana industry does. This in turn
should promote the marijuana industry's integration into the regular business
culture of their states and help to attract professional stakeholders.

   The exception could originate either from a court ruling or legislative
action. A court could find that for purposes of a state's business entity laws,
the violation of the CSA by a domestic marijuana business is not a violation of
the law, or a state legislature could pass a law giving courts this guidance.
Whichever body created the exception, the function would be the same--state
courts would allow marijuana businesses to take advantage of normal business
entity law protections and regulations.

   If passed by a state legislature, the law would state: "For purposes of
promoting a professional (medical) marijuana industry, the violation of the
Controlled Substances Act by licensed marijuana retailers operating within the
bounds of (that state's marijuana laws) will not be considered a violation of
the law for purposes of applying, or taking advantage of, other state laws."
While this language would need to be tailored to fit the specifics of each
state's legal terminology, in concept it should be fairly easy to draft. Under
[*552]  this proposed exception, it would be left up to the courts to determine
whether the exception applies to any given state law based on whether doing so
would promote the state's public interest in having a professional marijuana
industry. Essentially, a state legislature would amend its business entity laws
or a court in a state where marijuana has been legalized would hold that for
purposes of marijuana businesses operating within the parameters of the state's
marijuana laws, the fact that the business is operating in violation of federal
laws that specifically contradict those state laws need not be taken into effect
for business entity law purposes. In other words, in places where business
entity law limits protections on businesses or its stakeholders to situations
when the business did not intentionally violate the law, the fact that the
business is in violation of the CSA would not be taken into consideration. Thus,
equity holders would be given limited liability protection, and managers the
benefits of fiduciary duty liability protection. In essence, the court would be
holding that the state laws which have explicitly legalized this industry trump
the points in business entity law that deny protections to businesses that
purposely violate the CSA.

   If the exception were created by the courts, the reasoning would be as
follows. The state legislature passed a law specifically allowing for this
industry to operate within its borders, and state laws that deny businesses
protections based on violations of the law are also state creations. Therefore,
the court is simply harmonizing the intent of the legislature between these two
laws. Because the marijuana laws were passed after business entity laws, and
were passed with the full knowledge that they were legalizing an industry in the
face of continued criminal treatment by the federal government, the legislature
most likely intended for the new laws to trump earlier laws that denied legal
protections to business stakeholders based on a violation of the federal law.

   Because the application of this exception could be accomplished by state
courts, let us consider how it would change some of the scenarios this Article
has discussed. First, equity holders would not lose limited liability protection
simply because they funded a marijuana business. If the marijuana business
becomes insolvent and is unable to pay its debts, the equity holders would not
be liable to the business's creditors automatically and simply because they
funded an illegal business. This, of course, would not mean that they could not
lose their limited liability in other ways, such as under a normal application
of the alter ego test.  n219 The effect of this would be to promote high net
worth investors coming into the industry. These investors would bring with them
demands for professional management of their businesses. Likewise,  [*553]
marijuana business managers would not be in continuous violation of their duty
of good faith simply because they are operating in violation of the CSA. Again,
this would not mean that managers could not violate their duty of good faith by
breaking other laws, such as state marijuana regulations. But because managers
would not be in continuous violation of the law, now they would have an
incentive to operate the business within all non-CSA laws so as to avoid
personal liability. This should have the effect of giving comfort to investors
in marijuana businesses that the business they invested in will be operated
professionally. Hopefully, this will act as a virtuous circle where the
investors now promote professionalism among management, and management gives
confidence to professional investors. Finally, at least in state courts, courts
would not find that marijuana businesses have unclean hands and thus are not
able to take advantage of the court system to sue each other for violation of
their rights with regard to one another. This should only work to further help
professionalize the marijuana industry by holding stakeholders accountable to
one another.

   Obviously, the exception being proposed in this Article will raise serious
concerns and objections. First, while it is generally true that businesses
should not be encouraged to violate the law, even another jurisdiction's laws,
the marijuana situation appears to be a unique one. In this case, the marijuana
industry has specifically been approved by the states where these businesses
practice. Further, business entity law is entirely a state law affair and so the
only laws that would be modified to reconcile them would be state laws. By
allowing these businesses to make use of normal business entity law, states are
not encouraging the violation of law outside of their geographic borders or
population. Although they are encouraging the violation of another
jurisdiction's laws--the federal government's CSA--that encouragement happened
when marijuana businesses were legalized in the first place. This proposed
exception will not cause more violation of the CSA, but hopefully will promote a
professional industry that will embody good public policy. Further, this
exception will not protect against the federal government's ability to enforce
the CSA; it will simply help reconcile state business entity law with state
marijuana laws so that, as long as the legal conflict exists, the conflict
between state laws is minimized. Finally, the federal government has itself
undercut this concern when the Treasury Department changed its own policy to
allow marijuana businesses to open and maintain bank accounts.  n220

   Another potential drawback to the proposed exception would be that on its
face, it would seem to increase forum shopping. Parties who wanted to avoid
application of this exception would try to bring or move proceedings to  [*554]
a jurisdiction that would not apply it. In particular, it is unclear whether a
federal court would apply the proposed exception on public policy grounds.  n221

   However, because federal courts are likely to refuse to adjudicate disputes
between marijuana business stakeholders in any situation, whether there is a
proposed exception, the situation would not have changed dramatically from where
it is at present. Namely, state courts will hear disputes between marijuana
business parties, while federal courts will not. The incentive to forum shop
already exists and will not necessarily be increased by this exception. Because
of the internal affairs doctrine, which holds that the internal affairs of a
business entity are governed by the laws of the state of formation,  n222 state
courts would presumably only apply this exception to businesses that are both
formed and operated in a state that has legalized marijuana. So, for example, if
a business is formed in Texas, where marijuana is currently not legal, but
operates in Colorado, where it is physically located, the exception probably
should not apply. This is because Texas has no reason to create such an
exception, and Colorado should simply be applying Texas business entity laws.
Therefore, this exception works best if the business is both formed and operated
in a state where marijuana is legal.

   CONCLUSION

   Until the federal government legalizes marijuana or an exception to state
corporate law is created, the marijuana industry needs to operate under the
assumption that its stakeholders will not receive the protections commonly
afforded to businesses by state business entity law. For states that have
legalized the sale of marijuana for medicinal or recreational use, the
additional risks of operating in this industry can be minimized by creating a
state exception allowing these businesses to take advantage of standard business
entity law protections, despite the business's violation of a federal law that
conflicts with state law.  n223

   The exception to business entity law proposed in this Article certainly will
not solve all the legal problems for marijuana businesses caused by the conflict
between state and federal law. For example, it will not stop the risk of raids
by federal authorities or the inability to take advantage of federal tax law.
However, this exception will mitigate some of the disruptions to these
businesses, specifically those experienced when there are conflicts between
[*555]  the various stakeholders of the business.  n224 The proposed exception
would allow these parties to operate marijuana businesses normally for business
entity law purposes.  n225 As such, its implementation would represent one step
towards bringing the marijuana industry into a normal legal and business
framework, a framework that is occupied by legal businesses. Implementing the
proposed exception would promote professionalism amongst marijuana industry
stakeholders and, by doing so, promote the public policy initiatives that
initially motivated states to legalize the marijuana industry in the first
place.  n226

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesControlled SubstancesContinuing
Criminal EnterprisesElementsCriminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesControlled
SubstancesPossessionSimple PossessionGeneral OverviewGovernmentsFiduciary
Responsibilities

FOOTNOTES:





n1  In re Rent-Rite Super Kegs West Ltd., 484 B.R. 799, 805 (Bankr. D. Colo.
2012).





n2  Art Swift, For First Time, Americans Favor Legalizing Marijuana, GALLUP
POLITICS (Oct. 22, 2013),
http://www.gallup.com/poll/165539/first-time-americans-favor-legalizing-marijuan
a.aspx, archived at http://perma.cc/G3K2-D8EP.





n3  Id.





n4  Id.





n5  Benjamin M. Leff, Tax Planning for Marijuana Dealers, 90 IOWA L. REV. 523,
525 (2014); 23 Legal Medical Marijuana States and DC, PROCON.ORG (last updated
Jan. 8, 2015, 2:50 PM),
http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=000881, archived
at http://perma.cc/7DYH -DKSA [hereinafter PROCON] (listing 23 states and the
District of Columbia as having legalized marijuana for medical purposes).





n6  Colorado and Washington both legalized marijuana for recreational use by
ballot initiatives in 2012. COLO. CONST. Amend. 64, available at
http://perma.cc/749P-PG64 (Colorado's Use and Regulation of Marijuana, now COLO.
CONST. art. XVIII § 16); Wash. Initiative Measure No. 502, archived at
http://perma.cc/9657-C6RC; Christina Ng et al., Colorado, Washington Become
First States to Legalize Recreational Marijuana, ABC NEWS (Nov. 7, 2012),
http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/colorado-washington-states-legalize-recreati
onal-marijuana/story?id=17652774, archived at http://perma.cc/3BEX-RQRB.





n7  The term "legal" is in quotations to reflect the fact that marijuana is
illegal in many jurisdictions including at the federal level. So as not to be
cumbersome, this Article will hereinafter refer to the "legal" marijuana
industry simply as the marijuana industry with the intent that it not include
sellers of marijuana who are not attempting to comply with state marijuana laws.





n8  Medical Marijuana Sales Forecast at $ 1.5 Billion for 2013; and Legal
Cannabis Sales May Reach $ 6 Billion by 2018 According to MMJ Business Daily,
PRWEB (Mar. 21, 2013), http://www.prweb.com/releases/2013/3/prweb10556985.htm,
archived at http://perma.cc/3B3M-Z7BJ.





n9  21 U.S.C. § 812 Schedule I (C)(10) (2012).





n10  See infra Part II. This Article will not address the federalism issues of
whether state marijuana law can or does trump federal marijuana law. Instead, it
will proceed under the reasonable assumption that the CSA trumps state attempts
to legalize marijuana. See Gonzales v. Raich, 545 U.S. 1, 27, 34 (2005) (holding
that the CSA's criminalization of medical marijuana does not violate the
Commerce Clause). For a discussion of the federalist issues stemming from state
legalization of marijuana, see Sam Kamin, Medical Marijuana in Colorado and the
Future of Marijuana Regulation in the United States, 43 MCGEORGE L. REV. 147,
151--62 (2012); Sam Kamin & Eli Wald, Marijuana Lawyers: Outlaws or Crusaders,
91 OR. L. REV. 869, 880--86 (2013); Susan R. Klein & Ingrid B. Grobey, Debunking
Claims of Over-Federalization of Criminal Law, 62 EMORY L.J. 1, 5 (2012); Robert
A. Mikos, Preemption Under the Controlled Substances Act, 16 J. HEALTH CARE L. &
POL'Y 5, 8 (2013).





n11  See infra Part II.





n12  Id.





n13  See Leff, supra note 5, at 526 (noting that marijuana businesses must
currently pay taxes on gross rather than net profits, making it far more
difficult for these businesses to be run profitably. Leff proposes a possible
solution for this tax problem, forming marijuana businesses as a tax-exempt
"social welfare organization." Id. Even if the marijuana industry adopts Leff's
proposed social welfare form, it will still run into the business entity law
problems raised in this Article.). Robert Wood, Harvard Law School Offers 'Tax
Planning For Marijuana Dealers'--No Joke, FORBES (Apr. 25, 2013, 3:16 AM),
http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertwood/2013/04/25/harvard-law-school-offers-tax-
planning-for-marijuana-dealers-no-joke/?utm_campaign=forbestwittersf&utm_source=
twitter&utm_medium=social, archived at http://perma.cc/SNK6-PSTP (noting that of
"all the federal enforcement efforts, taxes hurt most").





n14  See Kamin & Wald, supra note 10, at 869 (discussing whether lawyers
providing advice on how to form marijuana businesses may violate rules of
professional conduct by assisting their clients in violating federal law. Kamin
and Wald argue that while this type of representation is technically a violation
of the rules of professional conduct, it may be possible to carefully give
advice to marijuana businesses without running afoul of these ethical
standards); ee also Claire Frezza, Counseling Clients on Medical Marijuana:
Ethics Caught in Smoke, 25 GEO. J. LEGAL ETHICS 537 (2012).





n15  The principal observations and arguments made by this Article are equally
applicable to all business forms that have investors and managers including
partnerships, corporations, and limited liability companies. Therefore, for the
sake of simplification, except where this Article specifically refers to a
specific business form such as a LLC, it uses the term business entity law to
refer to the various bodies of law applicable to business forms. Likewise, when
this Article refers to equity holders, it refers to equity holders including
shareholders, members, and partners in all of these business forms. When it
refers to managers, it refers to anyone who could manage any of these businesses
including directors, managers, members, or partners.





n16  See infra Part III.





n17  See Joseph A. Grundfest, The Limited Future of Unlimited Liability: A
Capital Markets Perspective, 102 YALE L.J. 387, 387--88 (1992--93).





n18  See Kamin v. American Express Company, 86 Misc.2d 809, 812 (1st Dept.
1976), aff'd, 54 A.D.2d 654, 357 N.Y.S.2d 993.





n19  See, e.g., Robert Strassfeld, Introduction: Corporations and Their
Communities, 58 CASE W. RES. L. REV. 1017, 1019 (2008) (quoting Nicholas
Butler's 1911 remarks that "the limited liability corporation is the greatest
single discovery of modern times").





n20  See infra Part II.A.





n21  See infra Part II.





n22  See infra Part II.A.





n23  See infra Part II.B.1.





n24  This Article will focus on one particular equitable doctrine: unclean
hands. See infra Part II.B.1. Additional doctrines that may affect stakeholder
liability include (i) the prohibition against enforcement of a contract that
violates public policy; see RESTATEMENT (SECOND) OF CONTRACTS §§ 178-85 (1981);
Bovard v. Am. Horse Enters., 201 Cal. App. 3d 832, 841 (Cal. Dist. Ct. App.
1998) (refusing to enforce a contract for sale of a business that manufactured
drug paraphernalia on the grounds that it was void as against public policy);
and (ii) the doctrine of in pari delicto, which "is an affirmative defense which
provides that when a plaintiff and defendant stand in a position of equal or
mutual fault, the position of the defendant is the better one." Christine M.
Shepard, Corporate Wrongdoing and the In Pari Delicto Defense in Auditor
Malpractice Cases: A New Approach, 69 WASH. & LEE L. REV. 275, 291 (2012)
(internal citations omitted).





n25  See infra Part II.B.1.





n26  This Article will not flesh out all the complications that the marijuana
industry causes for business entity law. Instead it seeks to broadly introduce
some of these problems and begin the dialogue on how to solve them.





n27  See infra Part II.B.1.





n28  The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority has issued an investor alert
warning that many marijuana stocks are simply scams and detailing how investors
can protect themselves. See Marijuana Stock Scams, FINRA (last updated May 29,
2014),
http://www.finra.org/Investors/ProtectYourself/InvestorAlerts/FraudsAndScams/P32
5352, archived at http://perma.cc/43CU-YSJQ.





n29  See Nancy Benac & Alicia Caldwell, Marijuana Legalization Gains Support,
Confounding Policymakers, HUFFINGTON POST (June 29, 2014, 9:49 AM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/29/marijuana-legalization_n_3521547.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/NGE7-25VK (noting that a recent ballot initiative
had brought the number of marijuana dispensaries from 1,000 down to 135 in Los
Angeles. A member of a neighborhood counsel spoke about the decision saying that
the marijuana dispensaries were "'just not following what small amounts of rules
there are on the books ....'"); Serge F. Kovaleski, Banks Say No to Marijuana
Money, Legal or Not, NY TIMES (Jan. 11, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/12/us/banks-say-no-to-marijuana-money-legal-or-no
t.html?_r=0, archived at http://perma.cc/9UZ9-6UXP (noting that since marijuana
businesses cannot in many cases open bank accounts, they will often open
accounts under false pretenses or store large amounts of cash in Tupperware.
This in turn makes them potential targets for criminals.); infra Part II.C.





n30  See Benac & Caldwell supra note 29 (noting that in California, some
communities have complained that marijuana regulations are not being observed
and that marijuana has become too readily available leading to problems of
"unsavory characters." This in turn has led some communities to ban outright or
limit the number of dispensaries. An attorney who represents cities in Southern
California with regard to dispensaries states "'[w]hat we've learned is, it is
very difficult if not impossible to regulate these facilities ....'" Finally, in
Colorado, the article notes that after medical marijuana was legalized there was
a spike in marijuana use by school age minors attributed to "legal" marijuana
dealers whose backgrounds had not been sufficiently vetted.); Kamin, supra note
10, at 149-50. Further, the inconsistency of state regulations has also had its
impact. See Jose Pagliery, Don't Expect a Marijuana Boom, Even Where It's Legal,
CNN (Nov. 8, 2012, 8:15 AM),
http://money.cnn.com/2012/11/08/smallbusiness/marijuana/index.html, archived at
http://perma.cc/DZ6S-3MDS (telling the story of a former technology firm
executive who developed a marijuana business with $ 70,000 a month revenues.
However, after the city where his business was located outlawed dispensaries,
the business closed and he lost $ 300,000. While he had made an effort to comply
with 165 pages of state regulations, the fact that his business was shut down
anyway will probably serve to dissuade other professionals from entering the
market.).





n31  See infra Part I.C.





n32  While the application of this Article's proposal is currently limited to
the marijuana industry, it would be equally applicable to other situations where
states and the federal government are in direct legal conflict over whether a
business practice should be allowed. See Jordan Shapiro, Missouri Lawmakers Plot
New Strategy for Defying Gun Laws, HUFFINGTON POST (Jan. 14, 2014, 1:17 PM),
http://nation.time.com/2014/01/12/mo-lawmakers-plot-new-strategy-for-defying-gun
-laws/, archived at http://perma.cc/8HP-444U (discussing application of
marijuana legalization strategy to gun industry).





n33  John Bace, Carol Rozwell, Joseph Feiman & Bill Kirwin, Understanding the
Costs of Compliance, GARTNER (July 7, 2006),
http://logic.stanford.edu/POEM/externalpapers/understanding_the_costs_of_c_13809
8.pdf, archived at http://perma.cc/W6BQ-Y2YV.





n34  See Shaheen Pasha & Jessica Seid, Lay and Skilling's Day of Reckoning, CNN
(May 25, 2006, 7:35 PM),
http://money.cnn.com/2006/05/25/news/newsmakers/enron_verdict/index.htm,
archived at http://perma.cc/A7AB-7LYD (discussing the findings of guilt of Enron
CEO and a founder's to fraud and conspiracy charges).





n35  See infra Part II.B.





n36  See infra Part I.D.





n37  In re Rent-Rite Super Kegs West Ltd., 484 B.R. 799, 805 (Bankr. D. Colo.
2012). ("Debtor points out that federal authorities have never notified it that
it is in violation of the law and that it has never been charged or convicted of
any federal or state crime. But the fact that a violator is never charged, tried
or convicted does not change the fact that the crime has been committed.").





n38  For an extended discussion of the history and development of marijuana laws
in the United States, see Kamin & Wald, supra note 10, at 872-86; Vitaliy
Mkrtchyan, Initiative 692, Now and Then: The Past, Present, and Future of
Medical Marijuana in Washington State, 47 GONZ. L. REV. 839, 840 (2012).





n39  See PROCON, supra note 5.





n40  Id. See also State Marijuana Governing Laws Map, GOVERNING,
http://www.governing.com/gov-data/state-marijuana-laws-map-medical-recreational.
html (last visited Mar. 26, 2015), archived at http://perma.cc/8YP4-ECHJ.





n41  See 21 U.S.C. § 812 Schedule I (C)(10) (2012).





n42  See, e.g., Tiago Pappas, Providing Property Owners Increased Certainty in
the Conflicting Medical Marijuana Landscape, 39 REAL EST. L.J. 249 (2010);
Patricia Salkin & Zachary Kansler, Medical Marijuana Zoned Out: Local Regulation
Meets State Acceptance and Federal Quiet Acquiescence, 16 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L.
295, 297-98 (2011); Leff, supra note 5.





n43  See, e.g., Erik Luna, Prosecutorial Decriminalization, 102 J. CRIM. L. &
CRIMINOLOGY 785, 802 (2012) (referring to the district attorney in
Philadelphia's changed policy to funnel "low-level marijuana offenders" into a
"drug-abuse class" as opposed to prosecuting them as misdemeanors with a
potential thirty-day jail sentence.); Dan Merica & Evan Perez, Eric Holder Seeks
to Cut Mandatory Minimum Drug Sentences, CNN (Aug. 12, 2013, 7:03 PM),
http://www.cnn.com/2013/08/12/politics/holder-mandatory-minimums, archived at
http://perma.cc/43KF-68PG.





n44  For example, in Nevada prostitution is legal in certain counties, but it is
not explicitly illegal on a federal level. In contrast, many industries are
openly known to operate in violation of federal law, but are rarely targeted. An
example of this would be the farm industry's employ of illegal workers. See Eric
A. Ruark, Illegal Immigration and Agribusiness (2013): The Effect on the
Agriculture Industry of Converting to a Legal Workforce, FED'N FOR AM. IMMIGR.
REFORM (2013), archived at http://perma.cc/GK99-ZM56. The closest fit to be
found might be the online gambling industry. It is not on all fours, however,
since there is still a dispute over whether online gambling is illegal under
federal law. See Nelson Rose, Cross-Border Betting: International Agreement on
Protecting Local Residents, GAMBLING AND THE LAW (2009),
http://www.gamblingandthelaw.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=25
9:cross-border-betting-international-agreement-on-protecting-local-residents&cat
id=3:recently-published-articles&Itemid=8, archived at
http://perma.cc/E3V8-GYFL. Finally, certain companies routinely violate the law
as a matter of standard business practice but do not expect legal protection
from the consequences. See Stephen M. Bainbridge et al., The Convergence of Good
Faith and Oversight, 55 UCLA L. REV. 559, 592-93 (2008).





n45  This conflict has now been resolved by the United States Supreme Court
striking down the Defense of Marriage Act as unconstitutional in Windsor v.
United States, 133 S. Ct. 2675 (2013).





n46  See Jeanne Sahadi, Married Same-Sex Couples Gain Equal Tax Benefits, CNN
(June 16, 2014, 12:06 PM),
http://money.cnn.com/2013/08/29/pf/taxes/same-sex-marriage-tax/index.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/F9PR-UYXM.





n47  There are examples of similar conflicts between states and federal law that
affect how businesses operate. For example, Sarbanes-Oxley's § 402 prohibition
on personal loans to executives contradicts Delaware's General Corporation Law §
143, which explicitly allows businesses to loan executives money. Compare
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Pub. L. No. 107-204 § 402, 116 Stat. 745 (2002) (codified at
15 U.S.C. § 78m (k)); with DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 8 § 143 (2014) (passed in 1953).
However, the difference between the legalization of marijuana and
Sarbanes-Oxley's banning of loans to directors is that the older Delaware code
was simply preempted by a new federal statute. Compare Sarbanes-Oxley Act (2002)
(codified at 15 U.S.C. § 78m (k)), with DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 8 § 143 (2014)
(passed in 1953). The state of Delaware did not enact a new law to expressly
permit activity banned by the federal government. In contrast, with marijuana
legalization, states are expressly permitting activity, and even encouraging the
growth of an entire industry, in spite of a well-known federal prohibition on
this activity. In the Delaware case, a federal law simply replaced a state law,
and the state has not yet revised or repealed the state law. In the marijuana
case, two different legal jurisdictions are actively promoting contradictory
laws in the same territory.





n48  Shapiro, supra note 32.





n49  See id.





n50  See id.





n51  See Leff, supra note 5, at 525. In addition, a number of other states are
expected to vote on the issue in 2016. Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29.





n52  Compare 9 States Awaiting Marijuana Legislation in 2014: Reaching the
Tipping Point on Medical Marijuana, NATURAL SOCIETY (May 7, 2014, 12:55 AM),
http://naturalsociety.com/reaching-tipping-point-medical-marijuana-2014-9-states
-await-legislation/, archived at http://perma.cc/D6UH-EPDT, with PROCON, supra
note 5.





n53  See PROCON, supra note 5.





n54  Id.





n55  See Josh Crank, Can Marijuana Lift Colorado Out of the Recession?,
LAWYERS.COM (Oct. 29, 2012),
http://blogs.lawyers.com/2012/10/marijuana-colorado-recession/, archived at
http://perma.cc/ZQB5-GST6; Denver Pot Dispensaries: 390; Colo. Starbucks: 208,
ABC 7NEWS DENVER (Jan. 5, 2010, 7:45 AM),
http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/denver-pot-dispensaries-390-colo-starkbucks
-208, archived at http://perma.cc/A3KB-YER4 (noting that there were 390
dispensaries in Denver alone); How Many Marijuana Dispensaries are in California
?, ARTICLESBASE (Jan. 26, 2011),
http://www.articlesbase.com/medicine-articles/how-many-marijuana-dispensaries-ar
e-in-california-4109979.html, archived at http://perma.cc/EC2Y-4WX6 (noting that
there were over 2,500 dispensaries in California in early 2011); Sherry
Robinson, Marijuana Greens the Colorado Economy, DAILY TIMES (May 24, 2013, 8:56
PM),
http://www.ruidosonews.com/ruidoso-opinion_columnists/ci_23340434/marijuana-gree
ns-colorado-economy, archived at http://perma.cc/NS8T-M6F9 (noting that since
Colorado approved medical marijuana in 2000, it has grown to be a $ 200 million
a year industry).





n56  See, e.g., Recession Proof? Medical Marijuana Dispensaries Thrive in
Colorado, FOX NEWS (July 28, 2009),
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,535051,00.html, archived at
http://perma.cc/38RL-R3JZ.





n57  Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29 (noting that while there are 112 Starbucks
in Los Angeles, there had been as many as 1,000 marijuana dispensaries before a
ballot measure restricted the number down to 135); Denver Pot Dispensaries,
supra note 55 (noting that there was one medical marijuana dispensary per 1,535
Denver residents in 2010 and that the city was averaging 25 applications per day
from prospective dispensary owners).





n58  Infra Part II, notes 83-93.





n59  As this Article was going to print, Oregon and Alaska also legalized
marijuana for recreational purposes. See, e.g., Matt Ferner, Alaska Becomes
Fourth State to Legalize Recreational Marijuana, HUFFINGTON POST (Nov. 5, 2014,
8:59 AM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/11/05/alaska-marijuana-legalization_n_5947516
.html, archived at http://perma.cc/5MQQ-8E4H. Despite the recent changes in
marijuana law for these states, this Article will continue to focus on Colorado
and Washington, as Alaska and Oregon's recreational marijuana laws do not affect
the content of this Article.





n60  See, e.g., COLO. CONST. art. XVIII, § 16 (making it legal to produce and
sell marijuana and to possess up to one ounce); Ng et al., supra note 6; Aron
Smith, Marijuana Legalization Passes in Colorado, Washington, CNN MONEY (Nov. 8,
2012, 11:46 AM),
http://money.cnn.com/2012/11/07/news/economy/marijuana-legalization-washington-c
olorado/index.html, archived at http://perma.cc/9A2S-LL55.





n61  See Colorado Recreational Pot Sales: Medical Marijuana Shops Get Head Start
, HUFFPOST DENVER (Apr. 25, 2013, 5:10 PM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/25/colorado-medical-marijuana-recreational
-pot-sales_n_3157647.html, archived at http://perma.cc/6BUR-MEU2 (noting that
regulations allowing for the sale of recreational marijuana go into effect on
January 1, 2014).





n62  See supra note 9.





n63  Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29 (noting that legalization would result in
new tax revenue while negatively impacting the profits of cartels as well as the
"racial inequity in the way marijuana laws are enforced"); see also California's
Compassionate Use Act of 1996, CAL. HEALTH & SAFETY CODE § 11362.5(b)(1)(A)
(West 2007) (listing numerous illnesses which could benefit from marijuana as a
treatment); Legislative Council of the Colorado General Assembly, 2012 State
Ballot Information Booklet, at 7-14 (Nov. 6, 2012), available at
http://www.colorado.gov/cs/Satellite?blobcol=urldata&blobheader=application/pdf&
blobkey=id&blobtable=MungoBlobs&blobwhere=1251822971738&ssbinary=true
[hereinafter Colorado Voter Guide]; Washington State Office of the Secretary of
State and the Stevens County Auditor, State of Washington and Stevens County
Voters' Pamphlet, at 23-31 (Nov. 6, 2012), archived at
http://perma.cc/manage/vest/M3KG-FQ55 [hereinafter Washington Voter Guide];
United States Conference of Mayors, In Support of States Setting their own
Marijuana Policies without Federal Interference, 81st Annual Meeting, Resolution
Adopted June 2013,
http://www.usmayors.org/resolutions/81st_Conference/csj13.asp, archived at
http://perma.cc/7NBA-PAKG; Michelle Patton, The Legalization of Marijuana: A
Dead- End or the High Road to Fiscal Solvency?, 15 BERKELEY J. CRIM. L. 163,
191-203 (2010); Caroline Fairchild, Legalizing Marijuana Would Generate Billions
In Additional Tax Revenue Annually, HUFFINGTON POST (Apr. 20, 2013, 9:13 AM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/20/legalizing-marijuana-tax-revenue_n_3102
003.html, archived at http://perma.cc/53XD-JTD9; Olga Khazan, How Marijuana
Legalization Will Affect Mexico's Cartels, WASH. POST (Nov. 9, 2012),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/worldviews/wp/2012/11/09/how-marijuana-legal
ization-will-affect-mexicos-cartels-in-charts/, archived at
http://perma.cc/ULW8-8U72 (noting that according to a Mexican study regarding
the as yet still unpassed Colorado and Washington ballot initiatives to legalize
marijuana for recreational use, "Mexico's cartels would lose $ 1.425 billion if
the initiative passed in Colorado and $ 1.372 billion if Washington voted to
legalize. The organization also predicted that drug trafficking revenues would
fall 20 to 30 percent ...." An American study found that cartels would suffer
less of a loss.).





n64  See Leff, supra note 5, at 525 (citing Colorado Voter Guide and Washington
Voter Guide).





n65  See infra Part II.C.





n66  21 U.S.C. § 812 Schedule I (b)(1)(B) (2012).





n67  See Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1962
(2012); Continuing Criminal Enterprise Statute, 21 U.S.C. § 848 (2012); 21
U.S.C. § 856 (2012) (noting that under the CSA, it is a federal crime to "manage
or control any place, ... as an owner, ... and knowingly and intentionally rent,
lease, profit from, or make available for use, with or without compensation, the
place for the purpose of unlawfully manufacturing, storing, distributing, or
using a controlled substance").





n68  21 U.S.C. §§ 841, 844, 846, 848 (2012).





n69  Id. at §§ 841, 844, 846, 848; see also 18 U.S.C. § 1962 (2012); see James
M. Cole, Memorandum for United States Attorneys, FREEDOMISGREEN, (last updated
July 1, 2011)
http://www.freedomisgreen.com/full-text-department-of-justice-memo-on-medical-ma
rijuana/, archived at http://perma.cc/Y27F-4Z7U ("Persons who are in the
business of cultivating, selling, or distributing marijuana, and those who
knowingly facilitate such activities, are in violation of the Controlled
Substances Act, regardless of state law.").





n70  Cole, supra note 69.





n71  See, e.g., Dennis Romero, Marijuana: Obama Is Champion Spender on Medical
Enforcement, LA WEEKLY (June 14, 2013, 10:05 AM),
http://blogs.laweekly.com/informer/2013/06/half_billion_marijuana_enforcement_us
.php, archived at http://perma.cc/EDW4-ATCU (noting that under Obama, the
Department of Justice has spent $ 300 million on federal marijuana enforcement
compared with a total of $ 500 million spent since 1996); Phillip Smith, DEA
Raids Three LA Medical Marijuana Dispensaries, DAILY CHRONIC (Jan. 10, 2013,
12:31 AM),
http://www.thedailychronic.net/2013/14376/dea-raids-three-la-medical-marijuana-d
ispensaries/, archived at http://perma.cc/93LZ-5EBJ (noting that while there was
a respite from prosecution between 2009 and late 2011, the DEA and federal
prosecutors have otherwise been going after medical marijuana dispensaries under
both the Bush and Obama administrations).





n72  C.J. Ciaramella, Justice Department and Obama Reverse Stance on Medical
Marijuana Raids, DAILY CALLER (July 1, 2011, 2:47 PM),
http://dailycaller.com/2011/07/01/justice-department-and-obama-reverse-stance-on
-medical-marijuana-raids/, archived at http://perma.cc/AS7G-CRW4.





n73  Id.





n74  Id.





n75  See John Ingold, Obama: Feds Won't Arrest Marijuana Users in Colorado,
Washington, DENVER POST (Dec. 15, 2012, 12:01 AM),
http://www.denverpost.com/news/ci_22196922/obama-feds-wont-arrest-marijuana-user
s-colarado-washington, archived at http://perma.cc/6BZ7-6WN3.





n76  See Ingold, supra note 75; see also Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29
(quoting Obama as saying "'it does not make sense, from a prioritization point
of view, for us to focus on recreational drug users in a state that has already
said that under state law that's legal.'" But just a couple months later,
Attorney General Holder said that "'[w]e are certainly going to enforce federal
law.'").





n77  See Cole, supra note 69.





n78  Id.





n79  Id. The language of this memorandum largely tracks and quotes an earlier
memorandum by Deputy Attorney General David Ogden in a 2009 memorandum on the
same subject of how United States Attorneys should deal with medical marijuana.
However, while David Ogden's letter seemed to indicate that the federal
government would not prioritize the marijuana industry, Cole's letter indicates
that it will. See Ciaramella, supra note 72.





n80  Cole, supra note 69.





n81  Id.





n82  Bob Ponting, Feds Raid Medical Marijuana Facilities, FOX 5 SAN DIEGO (Apr.
23, 2013, 3:28 PM),
http://fox5sandiego.com/2013/04/23/feds-raid-medical-marijuana-facilities/#axzz2
YkLqhqUS, archived at http://perma.cc/FS69-WQML; Montana Medical Marijuana
Stores Raided; Advocates Cry Foul, CNN (Mar. 6, 2011, 1:07 PM),
http://www.cnn.com/2011/CRIME/03/16/montana.marijuana.raids/index.html?_s=PM:CRI
ME, archived at http://perma.cc/H4VT-LAK7 [hereinafter Montana Stores Raided$).





n83  Montana Stores Raided, supra note 82.





n84  Id.





n85  Id.





n86  See Ponting, supra note 82 (quoting a law enforcement official after a raid
on a Washington dispensary, "'[w]e confiscate everything ... You don't get to
open the store and if you get caught selling illegal items, we just take the
illegal items and you get to stay in business--that's not how it works.").





n87  See, e.g., Jennifer Alexander, Raids on Patient Resource Centers Target
Activists for Medical Marijuana, EXAMINER (May 24, 2013, 7:18 AM),
http://www.examiner.com/article/raids-on-patient-resource-centers-target-activis
ts-for-medical-marijuana, archived at http://perma.cc/4FPK-LSD4 (noting raids in
Oregon); Smith, supra note 71 (noting that three Los Angeles medical marijuana
dispensaries were raided, and one operator was sentenced to ten years in prison
for another raid).





n88  Smith, supra note 71.





n89  Butch Warner, How Does Your Pot Grow? PASADENA WEEKLY (Dec. 3, 2009),
http://www.pasadenaweekly.com/cms/story/detail/how_does_your_pot_grow/8070/,
archived at http://perma.cc/N8PW-TF2P.





n90  See John Hoeffel, Medical Marijuana Activists Puzzle Over Intent of Federal
Raid, LA TIMES (Apr. 2, 2012, 2:24 PM),
http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2012/04/medical-marijuana-raids.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/8RAY-JPWE (reporting on speculation in the marijuana
industry that recent raids on dispensaries were intended to send a message to
the marijuana community. The article also reports on confusion in the community
over the intent of recent raids.).





n91  See Colorado Recreational Pot Sales, supra note 61.





n92  Evan Perez, No Federal Challenge to Pot Legalization in Two States, CNN
(last updated Aug. 30, 2013, 6:36 AM),
http://www.cnn.com/2013/08/29/politics/holder-marijuana-laws/index.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/7FZH-TGEJ.





n93  See Alan Duke, 2 States Legalize Pot, But Don't "Break Out the Cheetos" Yet
, CNN (last updated Nov. 8, 2012, 9:35 AM),
http://www.cnn.com/2012/11/07/politics/marijuana-legalization/, archived at
http://perma.cc/HE7W-5NTT (noting that after Colorado voted to legalize
recreational marijuana, the DEA issued a statement that its "'enforcement of the
Controlled Substances Act remains unchanged'"); Kamin, supra note 10, at 157-58.





n94  Colleen Slevin & Kristen Wyatt, Denver Pot Businesses Raided Ahead of Legal
Sales, YAHOO NEWS (Nov. 21, 2013, 6:21 PM),
http://news.yahoo.com/denver-pot-businesses-raided-ahead-legal-sales-232109833.h
tml, archived at http://perma.cc/XTH5-62RA.





n95  See Jack Healy, Groundwork Laid, Growers Turn to Hemp in Colorado, N.Y.
TIMES (last modified Aug. 8, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/06/us/groundwork-laid-growers-turn-to-hemp-in-col
orado.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0, archived at http://perma.cc/B8J7-U558 (noting
that the total number of marijuana plants seized by federal authorities has
"dropped sharply in recent years. In 2012, federal officials reported that 3.9
million cannabis plants had been destroyed under DEA eradication efforts. A year
earlier, officials said they had eradicated 6.7 million plants."); Merica &
Perez, supra note 43; Perez, supra note 92 (noting that the Justice Department
issued new marijuana guidelines for federal prosecutors requiring them to focus
on enforcement priorities such as preventing marijuana distribution to minors
and drugged driving instead of broadly going after all marijuana users).





n96  While enforcement policies have changed, it is unlikely that Congress will
change marijuana's status in the CSA anytime soon. See Kamin, supra note 10, at
153.





n97  Kamin, supra note 10, at 155 (citing the Ogden memo); Swift, supra note 2
(noting that thirty-eight percent of Americans admit to having tried marijuana);
Tim Walker, Mile High City: Inside Denver's Billion-Dollar Marijuana Industry,
THE INDEPENDENT (Aug. 3, 2013),
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/mile-high-city-inside-denvers-b
illiondollar-marijuana-industry-8740525.html, archived at
http://perma.cc/TJK4-T23L (noting that despite the federal prohibition on
marijuana, the legal marijuana industry employed approximately 10,000 people in
Colorado).





n98  See Dan Ritter, Who Will Get High Off the Marijuana Gold Rush?, WALL ST.
CHEAT SHEET (Apr. 30 2013),
http://wallstcheatsheet.com/stocks/who-will-get-high-off-the-marijuana-gold-rush
.html/?a=viewall, archived at http://perma.cc/S9RV-N376.





n99  See, e.g., Alex Akesson, Small Cap Hedge Funds Show Interest in Edible
Marijuana Products from Latteno, HEDGECO.NET (May 15, 2013),
http://www.hedgeco.net/news/05/2013/marijuana-hedge-fund-launches-edibles.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/9LGF-64LG; Jonathan Kaminsky, Ex-Microsoft Manager
Plans to Create First U.S. Marijuana Brand, REUTERS (May 30, 2013, 3:14 PM),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/30/usa-marijuana-idUSL2N0EB0YA20130530,
archived at http://perma.cc/3UH4-W5CR; Eric Russell, Medical Marijuana Group
Submits Financing Plan to State, BANGOR DAILY NEWS (Aug. 15, 2011, 6:48 PM),
http://bangordailynews.com/2011/08/15/business/medical-marijuana-group-submits-f
inancing-plan-to-state/, archived at http://perma.cc/T9P5-SJ56.





n100  See Steve Hargreaves, Marijuana Dealers Get Slammed by Taxes, CNN (Feb.
25, 2013, 3:17 PM),
http://money.cnn.com/2013/02/25/smallbusiness/marijuana-tax/index.html, archived
at http://perma.cc/7GDB-U4L6 (quoting an industry expert on the marijuana
industry's inability to deduct business expenses, saying "[a]n emerging industry
that can provide hundreds of thousands of jobs is being held back by these crazy
tax rates." The article cites an accountant who says this can drive the
industry's effective tax rates from fifteen to thirty percent to sixty-five to
seventy-five percent.); Ritter, supra note 98.





n101  Hargreaves, supra note 100.





n102  2005 World Drug Report, UNITED NATIONS OFFICE ON DRUGS AND CRIME 128,
archived at http://perma.cc/B2LG-2BQV [hereinafter 2005 World Drug Report]. The
report notes that it is difficult to give an accurate estimate since most
marijuana is sold illegally and never reported to a government. Id.





n103  See Ritter, supra note 98.





n104  See Dan Mitchell, What Would a Legal American Marijuana Industry Look
Like?, FORTUNE (Nov. 19, 2012, 3:45 PM),
http://tech.fortune.cnn.com/2012/11/19/marijuana-in dustry/, archived at
http://perma.cc/QQZ9-DFPN.





n105  See id.; see also Ritter, supra note 98.





n106  Mitchell, supra note 104; see also 2005 World Drug Report, supra note 102,
at 93 (estimating that 161 million people worldwide use marijuana in various
forms).





n107  Ritter, supra note 98.





n108  See Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29.





n109  Adult Cigarette Smoking in the United States: Current Estimates, CTRS. FOR
DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (last updated Feb. 14, 2014),
http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/data_statistics/fact_sheets/adult_data/cig_smoking/,
archived at http://perma.cc/L359-QRQ7.





n110  Marijuana businesses' ability to get adequate legal counsel for their
complex needs is further complicated by restrictions on an attorney's counsel to
criminal organizations. See Kamin & Wald, supra note 9, at 892-94.





n111  See Kaminsky, supra note 99.





n112  Bruce Barcott, How to Invest in Dope, N.Y. TIMES (June 25, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/30/magazine/how-to-succeed-in-the-legal-pot-busin
ess.html?ref=magazine&_r=0, archived at http://perma.cc/A5B6-WDJ6.





n113  Id.





n114  Sam Becker, 16 Jobs Being Created By the Marijuana Industry, WALL ST.
CHEAT SHEET (Aug. 21, 2014),
http://wallstcheatsheet.com/business/16-jobs-being-created-by-the-marijuana-indu
stry.html/?a=viewall, archived at http://perma.cc/V9HK-V3AW.





n115  Id.





n116  Steve Elliott, Interview: Confessions of an Honest Pot Dispensary Manager,
TOKEOFTHETOWN.COM (Dec. 16, 2010, 12:40 PM),
http://www.tokeofthetown.com/2010/12/interview_confessions_of_an_honest_pot_disp
ensary.php, archived at http://perma.cc/X8T8-XM8M.





n117  There are standard business law protections that marijuana industry
stakeholders will likely not have access to in addition to those addressed in
this Article. For example, officers and directors might not be able to get
permissive indemnification because they are violating their duty of good faith
by intentionally violating federal law. See In re Landmark Land C. of Carolina,
76 F.3d 553, 562-65 (4th Cir. 1996).





n118  See Lisa Belkin, Tax on Drugs Aims to Snare Dealers, N.Y. TIMES (Aug. 26,
1989),
http://www.nytimes.com/1989/08/26/us/tax-on-drugs-aims-to-snare-dealers.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/LS9U-ZW3X?type=source.





n119  See, e.g., Forming a Sole Proprietorship, UTAH DEP'T OF COM. DIVISION OF
CORP. AND COM. CODE, http://corporations.utah.gov/business/prop.html (last
visited Mar. 26, 2015), archived at http://perma.cc/JQW2-KATG; Missouri Small
Business Startup Guide, MO. SECRETARY OF STATE JASON KANDER: BUS. OUTREACH OFF.,
http://www.sos.mo.gov/business/outreach/startup_guide.asp (last visited Mar. 26,
2015), archived at http://perma.cc/7ZVJ-C95U.





n120  Missouri Small Business Startup Guide, supra note 119.





n121  See State v. McQueen, 811 N.W.2d 513, 527 (Mich. Ct. App. 2011) (noting
that a medical-marijuana dispensary had been formed as a LLC). While the LLC is
currently the most popular business form, there are other ways in which the
medical marijuana community can transact the transference of marijuana,
including the use of a medical marijuana collective. A medical marijuana
collective is a group of qualified patients or caregivers who share or are
motivated by a common interest. Often the common interest is the production and
transfer of medical marijuana amongst the group. Collectives will also
democratically share and exercise political and social power between their
members. Collectives differ from cooperatives in that they are not necessarily
focused on the production or transfer of medical marijuana. Medical Marijuana
Collective & Cooperative Attorneys, PROPOSITION 215 ATTORNEY (2009),
http://www.prop215attorney.com/marijuana-dispensary-collective-cooperative.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/VYQ5-6TLL. While these collectives may or may not
have a formal structure lending itself to business entity law analysis, there
are still thousands of businesses that do.





n122  There are, of course, many other benefits to actually forming an LLC that
are well addressed elsewhere. See J. WILLIAM CALLISON & MAUREEN A. SULLIVAN,
LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANIES: A STATE-BY-STATE GUIDE TO LAW AND PRACTICE § 2
(2014).





n123  DOUGLAS M. BRANSON ET AL., BUSINESS ENTERPRISES: LEGAL STRUCTURES,
GOVERNANCE AND POLICY CASES, MATERIALS AND PROBLEMS 275 (LexisNexis 2d ed.
2012).





n124  See Strassfeld, supra note 19, at 1019.





n125  See BRANSON ET AL., supra note 123.





n126  Id.





n127  Id.






n128  Id. For example, a normal limited liability entity funded with $ 50,000 in
start-up capital would be able to lose only that $ 50,000 investment, even if
the company ends up dissolving with liabilities in excess (even greatly in
excess) of that $ 50,000. This is a major comfort for high net worth individuals
who are investing only a small portion of their total assets into a business.





n129  Id.





n130  Id.





n131  Id.





n132  Id.





n133  Id.





n134  Id.





n135  Id.





n136  Kaminsky, supra note 99.





n137  Id.





n138  See Laura Hunter Dietz et al., Factors Affecting Liability, 18 AM. JUR. 2D
Corporations § 57 (2014) ("The corporate entity generally is disregarded where
it is used as a cloak or cover for fraud or illegality ... to defend crime, or
to defeat an overriding public policy ... The corporate entity may be
disregarded when failure to do so would enable the corporate device to be used
to circumvent a statute."); Neil A. Helfman, Establishing Elements for
Disregarding Corporate Entity and Piercing Entity's Veil, 114 AM. JUR. 3D Proof
of Facts § 3 (2013) (noting that "corporate structure is not a shield for
dominant shareholders to hide behind while ... conducting illegal operations");
Peter Oh, Veil-Piercing Unbound, 93 B.U. L. REV. 89, 131 (2013) (quoting Adolf
Berle, The Theory of Enterprise Entity, 47 COLUM. L. REV. 343, 354 (1947)
("Whenever 'corporate entity' is challenged, the court looks at the enterprise
... This is, in essence, not so much a 'disregard of the corporate fiction' as
it is a holding that the economic enterprise ... is illegal, or criminal, or in
violation of public policy, or fraudulent, or otherwise objectionable, as the
case may be.")).





n139  See, e.g., B & E Gibson Enterprises Inc. v. Darngavil Enterprises LLC,
2013 WL 1969288, at *3 (M.D. Fla. 2013) ("Piercing the corporate veil is proper
if the corporation is a mere device or ... where the purpose is to evade some
statute or to accomplish some fraud or illegal purpose.") (internal citations
and quotations omitted); see also Associated Vendors, Inc. v. Oakland Meat Co.,
210 Cal. App. 2d 825, 840 (Cal. Ct. App. 1963) (listing "the use of a
corporation as a subterfuge of illegal transactions" as one of the situations
where piercing is appropriate). There is little subterfuge regarding illegal
transactions for most marijuana businesses; they are open about it. The fact
that a business openly violates the law might in fact impact which creditors can
pierce. See MAG Portfolio Consultant, GMBH v. Merlin Biomed Group LLC, 268 F.3d
58, 63 (2d Cir. 2001); In re Checiek, 492 B.R. 918, 920 (Bankr. M.D. Fla. 2013).
Some courts require that the equity holder exercise control over the business
entity so as to commit the illegal or unlawful act. See My Father's House No. 1
v. McCardle, 986 N.E.2d 1081, 1089 (Ohio Ct. App. 2013). But of course, with
marijuana businesses, the equity holders formed the business and hired managers
to break the law. This should serve as evidence of control of the illegal act.





n140  Sonora Diamond Corp. v. Superior Court, 99 Cal. Rptr. 2d 824, 836 (2000).
See also State Dept. of Env. Pro. v. Ventron Corp., 468 A.2d 150, 164 (N.J.
1983) ("The purpose of the doctrine of piercing the corporate veil is to prevent
an independent corporation from being used to defeat the ends of justice, to
perpetrate fraud, to accomplish a crime, or otherwise to evade the law ....")
(internal citations omitted).





n141  Roberts' Fish Farm v. Spencer, 153 So. 2d 718, 721 (Fla. 1963) ("Those who
utilize the laws of this state in order to do business in the corporate form
have every right to rely on the rules of law which protect them against personal
liability unless it be shown that the corporation is formed or used for some
illegal, fraudulent or other unjust purpose which justifies piercing of the
corporate veil.").





n142  See Mag Portfolio Consultant, GMBH, 268 F.3d at 62.





n143  Peter B. Oh, Veil-Piercing, 89 TEX. L. REV. 81, 84 (2010).





n144  See In re Montalbano, 486 B.R. 436, 445 (Bankr. N.D. Ill. 2013) ("Where
there is no evidence of any misrepresentation, no attempt to conceal any facts,
and the parties possess a total understanding of all of the transactions
involved, Illinois courts will not pierce the corporate veil in a breach of
contract situation.").





n145  See Kamin, supra note 10, at 188, 165; Barcott, supra note 112; Perez,
supra note 92 (noting that while the federal government was easing up on
prosecuting marijuana businesses, it was not changing its stance on federal
money laundering rules which make it difficult for banks to do business with
marijuana businesses); Tim Sprinkle, Kingpin: Marijuana Funding Model Starts to
Take Shape, YAHOO FIN. (Feb. 14, 2013, 4:24 PM),
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/kingpin--marijuana-funding-model-starts-to-take-sh
ape-212346330.html?l=1&desktop_view_default=true, archived at
http://perma.cc/92NN-J73P.





n146  Brett Wolf, New U.S. Policy Won't Ease Marijuana Dispensaries' Banking
Woes, REUTERS (Sept. 5, 2013, 12:18 PM),
http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/05/us-banks-marijuana-idUSBRE9840S8201309
05, archived at http://perma.cc/93FC-8M4E.





n147  Id.





n148  See Karen Weise, Treasury Approves Bank Accounts for Pot Businesses. Will
Banks Go Along?, BLOOMBERG BUSINESSWEEK (Feb. 14, 2014),
http://www.businessweek.com/articles/2014-02-14/treasury-approves-bank-accounts-
for-pot-businesses-dot-will-banks-go-along, archived at
http://perma.cc/M69Q-8BMP.





n149  Nathalie Martin & Joshua Schwartz, The Alliance Between Payday Lenders and
Tribes: Are Both Tribal Sovereignty and Consumer Protection at Risk?, 69 WASH. &
LEE L. REV. 751, 792 (2012); Carter Dougherty, U.S. Regulators Squeeze Banks to
Cut Ties to Some Online Lenders, BLOOMBERG (Aug. 9, 2013, 12:01 AM),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-08-08/u-s-regulators-squeeze-online-lenders-v
ia-bank-transfer-system.html, archived at http://perma.cc/9TDL-B62J (noting that
the federal government was pressuring banks to cut ties with online payday
lenders "whom regulators suspect of shady business practices, as part of a broad
crackdown on frauds in the payment system ...."); Kovaleski, supra note 29
(noting that marijuana dispensaries have a hard time opening bank accounts and
thus must operate with large amounts of cash on hand, $ 51,321 for one
dispensary in the article).





n150  Sprinkle, supra note 145.





n151  See Will Big Tobacco Jump on the Marijuana Movement?, CBS NEWS (Dec. 19,
2012, 10:32 PM),
http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57560164/will-big-tobacco-jump-on-the-mariju
ana-movement/, archived at http://perma.cc/7KGW-VD3J (discussing the hesitation
of the tobacco industry to move into the marijuana market. Instead, there are
producers entering the market who grew marijuana illegally before states changed
their laws).





n152  See Ted Cooper, How Big Tobacco Could Affect the Legal Marijuana Business,
THE MOTLEY FOOL (Mar. 29, 2014),
http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/03/29/how-big-tobacco-could-affect-th
e-legal-marijuana-b.aspx, archived at http://perma.cc/QD2G-LKD5.





n153  See Lori McMillan, The Business Judgment Rule As An Immunity Doctrine, 4
WM. & MARY BUS. L. REV. 521, 531-33 (2013).





n154  See id. at 530.





n155  Id. at 526.





n156  Id. at 527.





n157  See CALLISON & SULLIVAN, supra note 122, § 8:7.





n158  McMillan, supra note 153, at 531, 533.





n159  Melvin A. Eisenberg, The Duty of Good Faith in Corporate Law, 31 DEL. J.
CORP. L. 1, 6, 12-13 (2006).





n160  See Smith v. Van Gorkom, 488 A.2d 858, 872-73 (Del. 1985).





n161  See Guth v. Loft, Inc. 5 A.2d 503, 510 (Del. 1939).





n162  See In re Walt Disney Co. Derivative Litig. 906 A.2d 27, 67 (Del. 2006).





n163  See Miller v. Am. Tel. & Tel. Co. 507 F.2d 759, 762 (3d Cir. 1974)
("[E]ven though committed to benefit the corporation, illegal acts may amount to
a breach of fiduciary duty ...."); Bainbridge et al., supra note 44, at 592, 594
(arguing that while under current Delaware law, intentional violations of the
law breach the duty of good faith, the law should be changed so that these are
not automatically breaches because of the rational business decision to break
lesser laws when the potential penalty is less than the economic gain to the
business. The authors give the example of the directors of a parcel delivery
service company telling drivers to double park while making deliveries. Id. at
592. If the economic benefit to the company of faster deliveries is greater than
the cost of the parking tickets received, then this was a good business decision
and the directors should not be punished with a finding that they violated their
duties of good faith. The authors would exclude more serious violations of the
law from this line of reasoning. Id.).





n164  See In re Landmark Land C. of Carolina, 76 F.3d 553, 565 (4th Cir. 1996)
("An agent who has intentionally participated in illegal activity or wrongful
conduct against third persons cannot be said to have acted in good faith, even
if the conduct benefits the corporation."); Lisa Casey, Twenty-Eight Words:
Enforcing Corporate Fiduciary Duties Through Criminal Prosecution of Honest
Services Fraud, 35 DEL. J. CORP. L. 1, 15 (2010) (citing Desimone v. Barrows,
924 A.2d 908, 934-35 (Del. Ch. 2007) ("[E]xecutives breach their duty of loyalty
by knowingly causing the corporation to use illegal means in the pursuit of
profit, by exposing the corporation to penalties from criminal and civil
regulators, or by consciously causing the corporation to act unlawfully.")).





n165  See, e.g., DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 8, § 102(b)(7) (2013) (allowing Delaware
corporations to eliminate their directors' duty of care).





n166  Compare DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 6, § 18-1101(c) (2013) (allowing an LLC
agreement to eliminate all management duties except for the implied contractual
covenant of good faith and fair dealing), with DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 8, §
102(b)(7) (2013) (specifically proscribing provisions limiting a corporate
director's liability for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty).





n167  See, e.g., DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 6, § 18-1101(c) (2013) (allowing the
elimination of fiduciary duties in an LLC, but "the limited liability company
agreement may not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and
fair dealing"). This Article will refer to the fiduciary duty of good faith
instead of a contractual duty of good faith. While there are differences between
these duties, for our purposes, they are essentially the same.





n168  See Eisenberg, supra 159, at 6.





n169  The duty of good faith is only the most obvious example of how marijuana
businesses will struggle with fiduciary duty principles but there are others.
For example, the duty of care requires managers to set up a compliance system
within their company to ensure that employees are not violating the law. See In
re Caremark Intern. Inc. Derivative Litig. 698 A.2d 959, 970 (Del. 1996) ("[A]
director's obligation includes a duty to attempt in good faith to assure that a
corporate information and reporting system, which the board concludes is
adequate, exists, and that failure to do so under some circumstances may, in
theory at least, render a director liable for losses caused by non-compliance
with applicable legal standards ...."). If employees are violating the law then
the managers must correct this action. See id. at 964. Clearly, no such
compliance system could function in a business whose entire purpose violates
federal law. However, many states allow businesses to eliminate the duty of care
for their managers, so marijuana businesses, properly formed, have a way around
issues such as this. See, e.g., supra note 166.





n170  See In re Caremark Intern. Inc., 698 A.2d at 967 (stating that a breach of
the duty of care, without allegations of self-dealing or breach of loyalty, "is
possibly the most difficult theory in corporation law upon which a plaintiff
might have to win a judgment").





n171  In re Walt Disney Co. Derivative Litig., 907 A.2d 693, 755-56 (Del. Ch.
2005) ("A failure to act in good faith may be shown, for instance ... where the
fiduciary acts with the intent to violate applicable positive law ...."); Miller
v. Am. Tel. & Tel. Co., 507 F.2d 759, 762 (3d. Cir. 1974).





n172  One could argue that a manager that authorizes minor infractions of the
law in order to experience economic gains greater than any negative effect from
breaking the law is doing the business a valuable service and not acting in bad
faith towards it. See Bainbridge et al., supra note 44, at 592 (noting that a
delivery company that authorizes its delivery drivers to park illegally and get
tickets on occasion might very well experience greater economic gain than the
cost of those tickets. In fact, due to limited parking in many cities, it is
possible that many delivery businesses can only operate by knowingly violating
traffic laws.).





n173  See Miller, 507 F.2d at 762 (Even if directors were given the benefit of
the business judgment rule, it would offer them no protection: "we are convinced
that the business judgment rule cannot insulate the defendant directors from
liability if they did in fact breach [a federal statute], as plaintiffs have
charged.").





n174  See Benac & Caldwell, supra note 29 (quoting a marijuana business
representative on the impact that the federal versus state conflict on marijuana
is having on marijuana businesses, "'[h]aving a regulated system is the only way
to ensure that we're not ceding control of this popular substance to the
criminal market and to black marketeers [sic]").





n175  See, e.g., DEL. CODE ANN. tit. 8, § 102(b)(7) (2013) (expressly excluding
acts involving "intentional misconduct" or a "knowing violation of law" from the
scope of exculpation); Miller, 507 F.2d at 762 (Shareholder plaintiffs sued the
defendant directors over losses that resulted from the corporation's failure to
collect on a past-due debt.).





n176  See, e.g., Beyries v. Beyries (In re Beyries), Bankr. No. 10-13482, 2011
WL 5975445, at *2 (Bankr. N.D. Cal. Nov. 29, 2011).





n177  See In re Beyries, 2011 WL 5975445, at *1 (noting that in a case where an
attorney was accused of misappropriating a marijuana business client's funds,
"the court cannot enter a judgment for plaintiffs because they were engaged in
unlawful activity. While the sale of marijuana may be legal under state law, it
is a serious federal crime ...."). See also FRANCIS C. AMENDOLA ET AL., 30A
C.J.S. Equity § 109 (2013) ("[The unclean hands doctrine] means that equity
refuses to lend its aid in any manner to one seeking its active interposition
who has been guilty of unlawful or inequitable conduct in the matter with
relation to which he or she seeks relief ....").





n178  See In re Beyries, 2011 WL 5975445, at *2 ("The unclean hands doctrine
closes the doors of a court to one who is tainted relative to the matter in
which he seeks relief, however improper may have been the behavior of the
defendant.").





n179  Nakahara v. NS 1991 Am. Trust, 739 A.2d 770, 791 (Del. Ch. 1988) (quoting
Kousi v. Sugahara, Civ. A. No. 11556, 1991 WL 248408 (Del. Ch. Nov. 21, 1991)).





n180  Id. at 791 (citations omitted).





n181  Hill v. Cross Country Settlements, LLC, 936 A.2d 343, 360 (Md. 2007).





n182  In re Pingrey, No. 12-10158, 2012 WL 1833928, at *1 (Bankr. N.D. Cal.
2012).





n183  See S.T. Wooten Corp. v. Front St. Const., LLC, 719 S.E.2d 249, 252 (N.C.
Ct. App. 2011).





n184  See, e.g., Pack v. Superior Court, 132 Cal. Rptr. 3d 633 (Cal. App. 2d
Dist. 2011) (noting that the court did not apply the unclean hands doctrine to
bar a medical marijuana collective's challenge of a city ordinance requiring
permits for medical marijuana despite the plaintiffs' violation of the CSA.
However, the court's opinion was based in large part on the fact that if it
applied the unclean hands doctrine to the plaintiffs in this case, no one would
have standing to challenge the city ordinance. Id. at 647. The court did note,
however, that the plaintiffs' hands were not unclean with regard to California
law. Id.).





n185  Karpierz v. Easley, 68 S.W.3d 565, 572 (Mo. Ct. App. 2002) (citing Kay v.
Vatterott, 657 S.W.2d 80, 83 (Mo. Ct. App. 1983)).





n186  See Beyries v. Beyries (In re Beyries), Bankr. No. 10-13482, 2011 WL
5975445, at *2 (Bankr. N.D. Cal. Nov. 29, 2011).





n187  See infra Part III.





n188  N. Am. Catholic Educ. Programming Found., Inc. v. Gheewalla, 930 A.2d 92,
101-02 (Del. 2007).





n189  See Luize E. Zubrow, Creditors With Unclean Hands at the Bar of the
Bankruptcy Court: A Proposal For Legislative Reform, 58 N.Y.U. L. REV. 1383,
1383 (1983).





n190  Financing A Small Business: Equity Or Debt?, FORBES (Jan. 5, 2007, 4:30
PM),
http://www.forbes.com/2007/01/05/equity-debt-smallbusiness-ent-fin-cx_nl_0105nol
ofinancing.html, archived at http://perma.cc/Y579-9NSY.





n191  See, e.g., Wei Jiang, Kai Li & Pei Shao, When Shareholders Are Creditors:
Effects of the Simultaneous Holding of Equity and Debt by Non-commercial Banking
Institutions, 23 REV. FIN. STUD. 3595, 3595-96 (2010).





n192  See Beyries v. Beyries (In re Beyries), Bankr. No. 10-13482, 2011 WL
5975445, at *1 (Bankr. N.D. Cal. Nov. 29, 2011) (for an example of a marijuana
company with a name, Northbay Wellness Groups, that does not indicate that it
sells marijuana).





n193  Bankruptcy, UNITED STATES COURTS,
http://www.uscourts.gov/FederalCourts/Bankruptcy.aspx (last visited Mar. 26,
2015), archived at http://perma.cc/6PR-PCQG.





n194  Chapter 7: Liquidation Under the Bankruptcy Code, UNITED STATES COURTS,
http://www.uscourts.gov/FederalCourts/Bankruptcy/BankruptcyBasics/Chapter7.aspx
(last visited Mar. 26, 2015), archived at http://perma.cc/5RHG-LAFS; Chapter 11:
Reorganization Under the Bankruptcy Code, UNITED STATES COURTS,
http://www.uscourts.gov/FederalCourts/Bankruptcy/BankruptcyBasics/Chapter11.aspx
(last visited Mar. 26, 2015), archived at http://perma.cc/HTB7-9WDC.





n195  See Bankruptcy, supra note 193.





n196  See, e.g., In re JK Harris & Co., 512 B.R. 562, 567 (Bankr. D.S.C. 2012).





n197  In re Rent-Rite, 484 B.R. 799, 805 (Bankr. D. Colo. 2012).





n198  Id.





n199  Id. at 809.





n200  Id. at 810.





n201  Id. at 807-08.





n202  See Bankruptcy, supra note 193; Internal Revenue Manual, Part 5, ch. 17 §
13, INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE (July 9, 2012),
http://www.irs.gov/irm/part5/irm_05-017-013.html, archived at
http://perma.cc/XQV4-8RL9.





n203  See, e.g., In re Netzel, 442 B.R. 896, 899 (Bankr. N.D. Ill. 2011)
(discussing Illinois' insolvency exception to the rule that officers and
directors generally do not owe creditors a fiduciary duty).





n204  See David Freed, California's Medical Marijuana Morass, PACIFIC STANDARD
(Jan. 3, 2012, 4:00 AM),
http://www.psmag.com/legal-affairs/californias-medical-marijuana-morass-38772/,
archived at http://perma.cc/Q2SY-PS5U (discussing a marijuana business owner's
personal use of his product and how money is not his priority in running the
business, "'[p]ot, for us, is about the values ... It's not about the money.'").





n205  Id. "The U.S. Justice Department contends that state sanctions intended to
regulate the sale of medicinal marijuana have been hijacked in many cases by
criminally minded profiteers who basically turned dispensaries into convenience
stores that cater to recreational users." Id.





n206  See Stephanie Simon, In Mile High City, Weed Sparks Up a Counterculture
Clash, WALL ST. J. (Mar. 19, 2010, 12:01 AM),
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052748704784904575111692045223482.html,
archived at http://perma.cc/L6W-B646 (giving an example of a "pot expert" who
was "an out-of-work handyman" who like others "found that for an investment of a
couple thousand dollars, they could rent a small shop, set out a dozen strains
of marijuana in glass jars and reinvent themselves as bud-tenders, ringing up $
80,000 a month in sales.").





n207  See Freed, supra note 204 (citing California's "minefield of marijuana
laws that are stunningly inconsistent from one jurisdiction to the next"); see
also Allison Margolin, Does Anyone Really Understand the Medical Marijuana Laws?
, 33 L.A. LAWYER 76 (Apr. 2010), archived at http://perma.cc/4NWE-D8LF (arguing
that "[w]hat the [medical marijuana] law is and what activity it immunizes elude
not only much of the public but the legal community too.").





n208  See Freed, supra note 204; Simon, supra note 206.





n209  See Freed, supra note 204 (discussing marijuana business owner's use of
gray areas in California's medical marijuana laws to treat himself and other
industry workers as "patients" and "caregivers" for each other. Freed also
discusses how virtually anyone can get a medical marijuana card by simply
claiming an ailment. Id.).





n210  See Pagliery, supra note 30.





n211  See Barcott, supra note 112 (in which a private equity fund's managers
discuss the need to install new management in marijuana businesses they invest
in because "'[e]ntrusting great sums of cash to the equivalent of Harold and
Kumar seemed foolhardy'"); Simon, supra note 206 (detailing the struggle of some
in the marijuana industry to make pot respectable despite the stoner culture
which keeps dragging the industry down. The article reports complaints of
marijuana breeds named "Green Crack," "AK-47," and "Jack the Ripper," which do
not reflect the medical purpose of the drug so much as the stoner culture from
which many sellers originated. Further, "[m]any of the new dispensaries are
dingy and cramped, with bars on the windows, psychedelic posters on the walls
and a generally furtive feel."); See also Sam Kamin, Lessons Learned from the
Governor's Task Force to Implement Amendment 64, 91 OR. L. REV. 1337, 1344
(2013) (noting that in order to balance federal concerns with state
implementation of the amendment, Colorado is considering limiting the amount of
investment in marijuana businesses that can come from out of state sources).





n212  See, e.g., Police in West Michigan Raid Medical Marijuana Businesses,
ASSOCIATED PRESS (Sept. 18, 2013, 3:34 PM),
http://www.petoskeynews.com/news/local/police-in-michigan-raid-medical-marijuana
-businesses/article_6b4c184d-1944-544c-8449-16dac1656 a2f.html, archived at
http://perma.cc/J4EH-VACV (noting that besides marijuana, guns, ammunition, and
improvised explosive devices were found at the dispensaries).





n213  See Cartels Linked to Marijuana Dispensary Killings, SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
(June 28, 2010),
http://www.smh.com.au/world/cartels-linked-to-marijuana-dispensary-killings-2010
0627-zc37.html, archived at http://perma.cc/8DVR-MPJG (speculating on a possible
link between the death of marijuana dispensary workers and cartels).





n214  See Freed, supra note 204 (quoting an industry expert on the thousands of
marijuana businesses nationwide: "'[t]he untold part of the story ... is that
for most of these dispensaries to actually be viable ... they have to largely
tap into the so-called black market to get their cannabis").





n215  See, e.g., Elisa Jaffe, Deputies: Dispensary Sold Pot-Laced Beer to Teen,
KOMO NEWS (Oct. 22, 2012, 4:23 PM),
http://www.komonews.com/news/local/-Deputies-Dispensary-sold-pot-laced-beer-to-t
een-175320591.html, archived at http://perma.cc/MT5Y-VNK9





n216  See Kamin, supra note 211, at 1348-53 (describing Colorado's attempts to
keep the marijuana industry in control through regulations including a
requirement that the marijuana businesses in the state grow 70 percent of the
marijuana they sell as well as perform criminal background checks on members of
the industry).





n217  See Pagliery, supra note 30 ("[M]ajor banks avoid doing business with
those in the marijuana industry, because they fear federal agencies will charge
them with drug racketeering and money laundering.").





n218  Weise, supra note 148.





n219  See CALLISON & SULLIVAN, supra note 122, § 5 et seq.





n220  See Weise, supra note 148.





n221  See Miller v. Am. Tel. & Tel. Co. 507 F.2d 759, 762 (3d Cir. 1974) (citing
Roth v. Robertson, 118 N.Y.S. 351, 353 (Sup. Ct. 1909)).





n222  See generally Frederick Tung, Before Competition: Origins of the Internal
Affairs Doctrine, 32 J. CORP. L. 33 (2006).





n223  See supra Part II.C.





n224  See supra Part III.





n225  Id.





n226  See supra Part II.C.


                              210 of 221 DOCUMENTS

            JOB AMERICAN MANAGEMENT EXPORT IMPORT - NORTH CAROLINA,
          LTD., Plaintiff, v. KALTONE PETROLEUM MARKETING CORPORATION,
           an Saudi Arabian Corporation, KALTONE PETROLEUM MARKETING
             CORPORATION - USA, an Ohio Corporation, and KHALID EL
                              SHERIFF, Defendants.

                           Civil Action No. 4:99cv24

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF
                        VIRGINIA, NEWPORT NEWS DIVISION

                          1999 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 23894


                           December 8, 1999, Decided
                            December 10, 1999, Filed

CORE TERMS: default judgment, confirmed, owed, punitive damages, deposition,
attorney fees, withdraw, petroleum, conclusions of law, additionally, fraud
claim, consented, discovery, summary judgment, prevailing party, actual malice,
contractual, license, fraudulent, compensatory damages, contingency, contempt,
malice, breach of contract, cashier's check, consenting, accounting, evidence
presented, evidence supporting, reasonable fees

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Job American Management Export Import - North Carolina, Ltd.,
Plaintiff: John Ridgely Porter, III, Mark Steven Davis, LEAD ATTORNEYS, Carr &
Porter LLC, Portsmouth, VA.

For Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation, a Saudi Arabian Corporation,
Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation - USA, an Ohio Corporation, Khalid El
Sheriff, Defendants: Douglas Edwin Miller, James Harrell Shoemaker, Jr., LEAD
ATTORNEYS, Patten Wornom Hatten & Diamonstein LC, Newport News, VA.

JUDGES: Jerome B. Friedman, UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE.

OPINION BY: Jerome B. Friedman

OPINION


FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

This matter is before the Court following a one-day bench trial to establish the
damages in this case. This diversity case involves a contract dispute regarding
an international transaction. The plaintiff, Job American Management
Export-Import - North Carolina, Ltd. (Job American), filed this case on February
8, 1999, seeking $10,000,000.00 in compensatory damages for breach of contract
against the defendants, Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation, a Saudi Arabian
corporation, Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation -- USA, an Ohio corporation
(collectively Kaltone), and Khalid EL Sheriff, individually. The plaintiff  [*2]
additionally sought $10,000,000.00 in punitive damages for alleged fraudulent
transactions against Sheriff individually. On March 22, the defendants filed an
answer objecting to jurisdiction and setting forth other defenses to the
allegations contained in the complaint. Just over two weeks after answering, the
defendants' counsel, James Shoemaker, filed a motion to withdraw as counsel in
this matter. The basis of his motion to withdraw was his clients' failure to
comply with discovery requests and to cooperate with counsel, generally.

On April 14, the plaintiff filed a motion to compel answers to interrogatories
and to compel answers to requests for admissions, and on May 3, the plaintiff
filed motions to compel production of documents, to compel attendance at
depositions, and for sanctions. On May 14, counsel appeared before United States
Magistrate Judge Miller on the pending motions to compel. Judge Miller granted
the motion to compel attendance at the deposition and ordered the presence of a
Rule 30(b)(6) witness for deposition on June 3. The Court took the remaining
motions under advisement, including Shoemaker's motion to withdraw. On June 3,
the parties came before Judge Miller  [*3] and advised that Mr. Sheriff had been
designated as the Rule 30(b)(6) witness for the corporate defendants and that he
had failed to appear for the deposition. As a result, Judge Miller issued an
Order certifying facts for a finding of contempt against Sheriff. On June 7,
Judge Miller entered an Order granting the remaining motions to compel and
ordering responses to the requested discovery by June 17. On June 8, Judge Smith
entered an Order setting a show cause hearing for June 18 to determine whether a
contempt finding should be made regarding Sheriff's failure to abide by the
Court's earlier Order. Finally on June 9, the plaintiff moved the Court for
sanctions or for an entry of default judgment against the defendants.

On June 18, the parties appeared before the Court. Mr. Sheriff testified, and
his attorney, Mr. Shoemaker, presented an affidavit in support of his motion to
withdraw. The Court ruled from the bench granting civil contempt against the
defendant, Sheriff, imposing sanctions against all of the defendants, granting
default judgment against the defendants as to liability (with the defendants'
consent), and denying the defendants' counsel's motion to withdraw. Immediately
[*4] following the June 18 hearing, the plaintiff took the deposition of the
defendant, Khalid EL Sheriff both in his individual capacity and as a Rule
30(b)(6) corporate representative for the two corporate defendants. Unsatisfied
with Sheriff as a corporate designate pursuant to Rule 30(b)(6), the plaintiff
requested assistance from Magistrate Judge Miller who found that Sheriff was not
a proper Rule 30(b)(6) deponent for the corporate defendants, and ordered the
defendants' counsel to designate a more knowledgeable representative. See Order
(July 6, 1999) (memorializing rulings on the record made June 18). On June 28,
the plaintiff filed a motion for attorney fees associated with the motions to
compel previously granted by the Court. On July 14, based on the June 18
hearing, the Court entered an Order presented by counsel with the consent of the
parties for entry of default judgment as to liability as alleged in the
complaint.1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 The default judgment was entered as a sanction pursuant to Rule 37, however,
Sheriff was present at the June 18 hearing where default judgment was considered
as a sanction, and at that time specifically consented to default judgment
against each of the defendants  [*5] as to liability as alleged in the
complaint. See Order (July 14, 1999) (defendants' counsel agreed to this Order
and affixed his signature noting only an exception to the Court's denial of his
motion to withdraw as counsel).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

On August 13, the discovery battles resumed, and the plaintiff again moved to
compel answers to pending discovery. On August 26, Mr. Shoemaker, counsel for
the defendants, moved for an enlargement of time to respond to discovery or, in
the alternative responded to the motions to compel. In that memorandum,
Shoemaker explained that he had "lost all communications with all defendants'
points of contacts in the United States," that he had attempted to contact his
clients in the Middle East and had been unsuccessful, and finally, renewed his
motion to withdraw as counsel.

On September 7, the plaintiff moved for summary judgment as to damages.
Specifically, they sought $10,000,000.00 in contractual damages, $350,000.00 in
punitive damages, and $333,333.00 in attorney fees (one-third of the contractual
damages). On September 17, the defendants' counsel moved for an enlargement of
time to respond to the motion for summary judgment. On October 15, Magistrate
Judge Bradberry  [*6] conducted the parties' final pretrial conference.

On November 4, 1999, this Court heard and denied the motion for summary
judgment, for the reasons set forth on the record. Following argument on the
motion for summary judgment, the Court commenced with the bench trial to
establish what damages, if any, are owed in this case. Job American presented
evidence through two witnesses, Robin Hadley, President of Job America, and
Oswald Brown, Chairman of Job America, and additionally relied on testimony from
the deposition of Sheriff, and numerous other exhibits. As has been the case
through the majority of this litigation, the defendants were not represented by
a party representative at the trial and their attorney presented no evidence on
their behalf. At the conclusion of argument, the Court took the matter under
advisement and informed the parties that its findings of fact and conclusions of
law would follow. After carefully reviewing the evidence presented in the case
and the applicable law, the following are the Court's findings of fact and
conclusions of law pursuant to Rule 52 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure:

Findings of Fact

The findings of fact set forth herein are not as detailed  [*7] as findings of
fact are regularly due to the fact that liability has been established in this
case by entry of a default judgment pursuant to the parties' agreement. See July
14, 1999 Order. Nevertheless, while liability is established, some background
facts are necessary to understand the basis of the Court's findings as to
damages. See Dundee Cement Co. v. Howard Pipe & Concrete Products, Inc., 722
F.2d 1319 (4th Cir. 1983) (finding that upon default judgment, allegations of
fact as to liability are taken as true, however, allegations relating to damages
are not) (citing Pope v. United States, 323 U.S. 1, 65 S. Ct. 16, 89 L. Ed. 3,
102 Ct. Cl. 846 (1944)).

1. In all times relevant to this case, Job American, the plaintiff in this case,
was operating as a brokerage firm organized in North Carolina with its principle
place of business in Hampton, Virginia. At some point in 1997, Job American made
contact with the defendants through Khalid Sheriff, a resident of New Jersey and
presently an employee of Kaltone (and previously an employee of Intercontinental
Investment Corporation (Intercontinental)), regarding an international brokerage
transaction involving petroleum, food products and potentially other
commodities. The international  [*8] transaction involved in this case is
extremely complex. Because liability is established by the consent of the
parties, the Court need not address the specific details of the transaction.
However simply put, the transaction involved Job American acting as a broker for
high yield government investors, and essentially establishing contacts between
the defendants and Job American's Asian connections for international financing
and investing projects. See Testimony of Robin Hadley, President of Job American
(Nov. 4, 1999); see also Complaint at ¶¶ 10 and 11, and Answer at ¶¶ 10 and 11
(admitting allegations).

2. On or around June 9, 1997, Job America, operating through its
representatives, Hadley and Brown, began negotiations with Sheriff, in his
capacity as CEO for Intercontinental, regarding international financing. See
Complaint at ¶ 5 and Answer at ¶ 5 (admitting allegation of initial contact).
Several months later, on or around October 9, 1997, Job American and Kaltone
entered into a contract, which was memorialized in a "Fee Protection Agreement."
See Pl's Trial Ex. 6; see also Complaint at ¶ 15 and Answer at ¶ 15 (denying
that fee protection agreement constituted a promise to pay  [*9] specific
commissions). The Fee Protection Agreement was signed by David Ma (an individual
not party to this case), Oswald Brown, the Chairman of Job American, and Khalid
EL Sheriff, on behalf of Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation. The Fee
Protection Agreement constituted a contract for payment of a commission from the
defendant, Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Corporation, to the plaintiff, Job
American, and to a third party, David Ma, upon completion of "satisfactory
transaction through the beneficiaries." See Pl's Trial Ex. 6.

The Fee Protection Agreement does not set forth a specific amount of commission
which would be paid once the transaction was completed. However, it clearly
provides that the commission would be paid fifty percent to the plaintiff, and
fifty percent to David Ma. Id. Additionally, the Fee Protection Agreement
provides for attorney fees, court costs and costs of enforcing a judgment to a
prevailing party should legal proceedings be necessary. Id.

3. Sometime prior to February 22, 1998, a defendants' representative, or someone
related to the defendants, signed a $200,000,000.00 note backed by gold reserves
to start and initiate an international petroleum trading  [*10] program.
According to Sheriff, Job American's commission based on the trading program was
$10,000,000.00. See Sheriff Deposition at pp. 94, 98-100 (June 18, 1999). On
February 22, 1998, Kaltone Petroleum Marketing Company - USA, an Ohio
corporation, issued a written memorandum in the form of a "confirmed payment
order" for $10,000,000.00 made payable to the plaintiff, Job American. See
Testimony of Hadley; Pl's Trial Ex. 18. On or around March 24, 1998, Khalid EL
Sheriff, transmitted the $10,000,000.00 confirmed payment order to the
plaintiff, and informed Job American that it could deliver the confirmed payment
order to First Union National Bank to receive payment. Id. Job American
delivered the document to First Union National Bank on or around March 25, 1998,
and First Union National Bank refused to honor the confirmed payment order.

4. On or around March 29, 1998, Job American notified Kaltone that First Union
refused to honor the confirmed payment order. See Hadley Trial Testimony. Also
on or around March 29, Kaltone notified Job American that three of the bank
guarantees forming the basis of the transaction between Job American and Kaltone
were consummated, that the names on the  [*11] payment order were authorized
bank representatives, and that when the information was confirmed the
transaction would be completed, and Job American would receive $10 million
dollars in commission. See Hadley Trial Testimony.

In early June 1998, Sheriff communicated with the plaintiff, and thereafter
delivered a facsimile copy of a cashier's check to the plaintiff in the amount
of $9,000,000.00, for what he referred to as partial payment for the owed
commissions ($10,000,000.00). See Pl's Trial Ex. 22. The faxed copy of the
cashier's check is marked "non negotiable." The original cashier's check was
never delivered to Job American.

5. On February 8, 1999, Job American filed the instant suit. On June 18, 1999,
Sheriff and counsel for the three defendants appeared before this Court and
agreed to an Order consenting to liability as alleged in the Complaint. See July
14, 1999, Order (memorializing June 18 hearing and consenting to liability
judgment). Additionally on June 18, Sheriff admitted in his deposition that the
commission owed to the plaintiff, assuming that the $500,000,000.00 transaction
was completed, was $10,000,000.00.

Conclusions of Law

1. The allegations of liability contained  [*12] in the Complaint were confirmed
by the Court on July 14, when default judgment was entered in favor of the
plaintiff by agreement of the parties. The order presented by the parties to the
Court provides that "the defendants consented to liability as alleged in the
complaint." See July 14 Order.

2. To assess damages after default judgment is entered, as is the job before the
Court in this case, the Court must review the facts and determine if the facts
justify the damages sought. See Pope v. United States, 323 U.S. 1, 65 S. Ct. 16,
89 L. Ed. 3, 102 Ct. Cl. 846 (1944); Pfanenstiel Architects, Inc. v. Chouteau
Petroleum Co., 978 F.2d 430 (4th Cir. 1992) (citing Pope);see also FRCP 55(b)
(providing that when the Court enters default judgment against a party, the
Court may conduct a hearing to determine the amount of damages to be awarded to
the prevailing party).

3. Whether Job America had a Department of Commerce issued license to do
business with North Korea at the time of the transaction described above, is of
no relevance to this Court's inquiry. Job American explained in Court that it
did not have a license, and that a license was not required for the transaction
at issue based on the United Nation's involvement in the transaction.  [*13]
Based on the facts presented, the Court has no basis to find otherwise. The
defendants have presented no evidence supporting their argument that the
transaction involved in this case violated international laws requiring a
license issued by the United States Department of Commerce to sell or arrange
for the sale of goods in North Korea. See United States v. Capps, 204 F.2d 655
(4th Cir. 1953) (cited by defendants in support of argument that contract was
null and void as violative of public policy).

As set forth above, the defendants have specifically admitted to liability by
consenting to entry of default judgment. Therefore, the defendants are a day
late and dollar short in their argument regarding liability, and the
enforceability of the contract, generally. Having no basis to find otherwise
based on the default judgment as to liability and the defendants'
non-partieipation in this litigation, the Court can only rely on the evidence
presented and must conclude that Job American fulfilled its obligations under
the Fee Protection Agreement and any other agreement it had with the defendants.

4. In Virginia, to prove a claim of fraud the plaintiff must show a knowing
misrepresentation  [*14] of a material fact to a person whose reasonable
reliance results in damage. Bryant v. Peckinpaugh, 241 Va. 172, 175, 400 S.E.2d
201, 7 Va. Law Rep. 1424 (1991). While fraud can be proven by direct or
circumstantial evidence, the burden of proof on a fraud claim is high, and it
must always be supported by "clear and convincing evidence." Lissman v. Hartford
Fire Ins. Co., 848 F.2d 50, 52 (4th Cir. 1988); Evaluation Research Corp. v.
Alequin, 247 Va. 143, 439 S.E.2d 387, 390, 10 Va. Law Rep. 779 (1994) (finding
that where there was a substantial conflict in the evidence, plaintiff had not
shown by clear and convincing evidence that the defendant had represented a fact
as true which actually was false).

Damages

1. Contractual Damages

Frankly, if assigned to do so, the Court could not determine based on the
information before it whether the plaintiff completed its end of the agreement
as set forth in the Fee Protection Agreement. However, admittedly, the reason
for the Court's uncertainty lies primarily with the defendants and their
continued failure to cooperate with their counsel, and their absence in this
litigation, generally. The defendants' counsel has made multiple motions to
withdraw citing his client's absence and his inability  [*15] to reach them,
along with their unwillingness to provide information to establish their
defense. Ironically, the one time the defendants made a personal appearance in
this case, was when Sheriff, a named defendant and the designated Rule 30(b)(6)
corporate representative for the two corporate defendants, appeared before the
Court on June 18 with counsel and consented to entry of default judgment against
all of the defendants as to liability as alleged in the complaint. Therefore,
regardless of the Court's hesitancy regarding the basis for liability, and
whether the plaintiff provided consideration as contemplated by the Fee
Protection Agreement, liability is admitted, and the Court must only determine
damages.

The October 9, 1997, Fee Protection Agreement, which was admitted as evidence
without objection, provides that a commission will be paid to Job American upon
completion of the transaction between the parties. Based on the finding of
liability, the Court must assume that, as alleged by the plaintiff, when the
defendants delivered the confirmed payment order to the plaintiff, the
transaction was completed, and the plaintiff was owed a commission pursuant to
the October 9, 1997,  [*16] Fee Protection Agreement.

In the absence of any evidence to the contrary, the Court concludes that,
$10,000,000.00, the amount of the confirmed payment order, was owed to the
plaintiff under the Fee Protection Agreement. The $10,000,000.00 commission is
additionally referred to elsewhere in the evidence before the Court. See Hadley
Trial Testimony; Brown Trial Testimony; see also Deposition of Sheriff at 82,
87, 94, 98, 100, 104, 128-29; Fax from Kaltone to Job American dated June 5,
1998 (Pl's Trial Ex. 22).

Because this case does not involve a question of quantum meruit, the Court can
either find that the plaintiff is owed nothing (zero), or that they are owed
$10,000,000.00. As set forth above, liability is admitted. Therefore, the Court
FINDS that the plaintiff is owed something for the breach of contract. The
confirmed payment order, the testimony of Robin Hadley, and the deposition
testimony of Sheriff, are the only pieces of evidence establishing what
commission was owed to the plaintiff. Both of the plaintiff's witnesses'
testimony, Sheriff's deposition testimony, and the confirmed payment order, all
proclaim that the commission owed was $10,000,000.00. Therefore, in the absence
[*17] of any other evidence of what the commission should have been other than
that set forth above, the Court FINDS that the defendants are liable jointly and
severally to the plaintiff for a breach of contract in the amount of
$10,000,000.00.

2. Pre-Judgment Interest

Based on the entry of default judgment as to liability, which was agreed to by
the defendants, the Court FINDS that as of March 25, 1998, the defendants owed
the plaintiff $10,000,000.00. Therefore, the Court FINDS that the defendants are
liable to the plaintiff for prejudgment interest on $10,000,000.00 at a rate of
nine (9) percent, pursuant to the Va. Code Ann. § 8.01-382 (referring to Va.
Code Ann. § 6.1-330.54), calculated as of March 25, 1998.

3. Punitive Damages

While the Court might not have found that the defendant Sheriff acted in a
fraudulent manner in this case, based on the absence of any reliance on the
alleged fraudulent representations and other deficiencies in the fraud claim,
the defendants explicitly consented to an order establishing liability "as
alleged in the Complaint," which includes allegations of fraud against Sheriff.
Therefore, the Court must determine the punitive damages the plaintiff is
entitled  [*18] to, if any. The plaintiff seeks the Virginia statutory maximum,
$350,000.00 as punitive damages for its fraud claim against Sheriff.

In Jordan v. Sauve, 219 Va. 448, 451-52, 247 S.E.2d 739, 741 (1978), the
Virginia Supreme Court held that punitive damages in a fraud action may be
recovered "only if there is proof, either direct or circumstantial, showing
actual malice." See also Walker v. Cardinal Savings and Loan Ass'n, 690 F. Supp.
494, 500 (E.D. Va. 1988) (citing Jordan). Actual malice is demonstrated by a
showing by plaintiff that the defendant was prompted by "ill will, malevolence,
grudge, spite, wicked intention or a conscious disregard of the rights of
another." Walker, 690 F. Supp. at 500. In Sit-set v. Universal Jet Exchange,
Inc., 747 F.2d 921, 927-28 (4th Cir. 1984), the Fourth Circuit relied on Jordan
and affirmed a district court's decision to decline to submit to the jury the
punitive damages request based on the lack in the case of any showing of actual
malice. The court held in Sit-set that in fraud cases where punitive damages are
requested, there must be some proof of a degree of "aggravation in the critical
state of mind above the threshold level required to establish  [*19] liability
for compensatory relief." Id. at 928 (citing Jordan). The Fourth Circuit
correctly interpreted the Virginia law as requiring "an element of wantonness,
or malice, or overreaching going beyond mere shadiness in commercial dealings."
Id. (citations omitted).

As set forth above, in this case the Court finds the fraud claim extremely weak,
yet because the defendants have consented to a finding of liability as alleged
in the complaint, the damages issue must be decided.2 The plaintiff has not
claimed compensatory damages associated with the fraud claim, and instead claims
the statutory maximum of $350,000.00 in punitive damages. While liability is
established, the defendant did not stipulate to a finding of "actual malice,"
and this Court knows of no evidence of actual malice. Instead, at most, there is
evidence of "shady business dealings," which does not rise to the level of the
wantonness necessary to recover punitive damages. Sit-Set, 747 F.2d at 929.
While the Court recognizes that the purpose of punitive damage award is to
punish the defendant and to warn others, in this case, Court FINDS there is no
evidence supporting a finding that Sheriff acted with actual malice in his
[*20] representations to the plaintiff, and therefore, punitive damages are
inappropriate and DENIED.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 The Court can identify one instance in which the defendant arguably acted in a
fraudulent manner. That is, on March 25, Sheriff provided the plaintiff with a
confirmed payment order for $10,000,000.00. It is clear from the face of the
confirmed payment order that the document was tampered with and the bank
officers' names were changed by either white-out or by some other means. The
Court has no evidence except that offered by Robin Hadley, president of Job
American, regarding the condition of the confirmed payment order when it was
delivered to the plaintiff.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


4. Attorney Fees and Costs

The Fee Protection Agreement in this case provides that should litigation to
enforce the terms of the agreement be necessary, the prevailing party shall
recover reasonable attorney fees, court costs and costs incurred in the
collecting a judgment, if any. The plaintiff contends that because its agreement
with counsel is for a one-third contingency fee, and that because a one-third
contingency fee is reasonable, the Court should award plaintiff's counsel fees
in the amount of one-third of the contractual damages,  [*21] $333,333.00. This
argument is unpersuasive. In Mullins v. Richlands Nat'l Bank, 241 Va. 447, 403
S.E.2d 334, 7 Va. Law Rep. 2282 (1991), the Virginia Supreme Court held that
when a contract provides for fees to the prevailing party but does not fix the
amount, then the court is required to "determine from the evidence what are
reasonable fees under the facts and circumstances of the particular case." Id.
at 335. Therefore, whatever arrangement the plaintiff has with its counsel is of
no relevance to the Court's determination as to the "reasonable fees" owed by
the defendants based on the specific circumstances of this litigation.3 See
Tazewell Oil Co. v. United Virginia Bank, 243 Va. 94, 111, 413 S.E.2d 611, 621,
8 Va. Law Rep. 1784 (1992).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Rather, the one-third agreement is between the plaintiff and its counsel. When
the plaintiff ultimately collects the judgment contained herein, the plaintiff
and its counsel can then determine what percentage the counsel is entitled to
under the contingency provisions of the contract.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Based on the Court's request, the plaintiff's counsel provided the Court with an
accounting of its fees associated with this litigation. The plaintiff's counsel
submits that attorney fees in this case amount  [*22] to $65,029.00. In their
cover letter to the Court the plaintiff's counsel indicate that they did not
keep an accurate accounting of all the time spent in this matter. While their
hours might have been slightly more, the hours are likewise not adjusted by any
argument presented by the defendants, as the defendants submitted no
countervailing evidence or opposing argument. Having no basis to find otherwise,
and finding that the rates quoted and the hours charged appear reasonable under
the facts and circumstances of this case, and furthermore considering that there
might have been instances where hours were worked and not recorded which adjusts
for any reported hours that might have been excessive, the Court FINDS that,
pursuant to the Fee Protection Agreement, the defendants are liable to the
plaintiff for attorney fees in the amount of $65,029.00, and for taxable court
costs associated with this litigation.4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 This finding moots the plaintiff's June 1999 motion for attorney fees and
costs associated with the motions to compel, as the fees and costs awarded
herein encompass all fees associated with this litigation. Absent any accounting
of costs from the plaintiff, the taxable costs in  [*23] this case are those
reflected in the Clerk's Office records.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Additionally, the Court FINDS that the attorneys' future services will likely be
required to enforce this judgment, which is provided for under the Fee
Protection Agreement. Based on the plaintiff's counsels' hourly rate, $145.00
and $185.00 per hour, the defendants' likely location in the Middle East, and
the history of an inability to effectively contact the defendants in this case,
the Court FINDS that a reasonable estimate of the costs associated with the
collection of this judgment is $30,000.00 See Mullins, 241 Va. at 449.
Therefore, the plaintiff is awarded $30,000.00 for attorney fees associated with
the future collection of this judgment.

CONCLUSION

Therefore, based on the findings of fact and conclusions of law set forth above,
the Court hereby awards the plaintiff:


     (1) $10,000,000.00 in compensatory damages for its breach of contract
     claim;

     (2) prejudgment interest (9 percent) calculated as of March 25, 1998;
     and

     (3) $65,029.00 in attorney fees, taxable costs, and $30,000.00 for
     future fees associated with collecting the judgment contained herein.



It is so ORDERED.

The Clerk is DIRECTED to enter final judgment as directed  [*24] herein for the
plaintiff pursuant to Rule 58 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, and to
mail a copy of these Findings of Fact and Conclusions of Law to the counsel for
the parties.

/s/ Jerome B. Friedman

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

December 8, 1999
Norfolk, Virginia


                              211 of 221 DOCUMENTS

          David SAMPLES, Lieutenant, U.S. Navy, Petitioner, v. Captain
          W.T. VEST, U.S. Navy, Navy-Marine Trial Judiciary, Tidewater
             Judicial Circuit, and the United States, Respondents.

                               Misc. No. 94-8022

                    UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY APPEALS

                        38 M.J. 482; 1994 CMA LEXIS 223

                            November 9, 1993, Argued
                           January 11, 1994, Decided



DISPOSITION:  [**1]  Petition for extraordinary relief in the nature of writs of
prohibition and mandamus denied.

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Petitioner officer filed a petition for extraordinary relief
in the nature of writs of prohibition and mandamus subsequent to a decision from
respondent Navy-Marine Trial Judiciary, Tidewater Judicial Circuit, which denied
his motion to dismiss the charges pending against him arising out of an indecent
assault at a symposium of naval and marine aviators. The officer contended that
he was granted immunity from prosecution.

OVERVIEW: The officer contended that he was granted transactional immunity in
exchange for his testimony arising out of an indecent assault at a symposium of
naval and marine aviators. Subsequent to the event, the officer was subjected to
a series of procedures without the benefit of counsel, concluding in a meeting
at which he was given a written grant of immunity and an order to testify. The
prosecution maintained that the grant of immunity extended only to any testimony
or statements made by him and not to transactional immunity. The military trial
court denied the officer's motion to dismiss the charges against him. The
officer filed a petition for writs of prohibition and mandamus. The court denied
the petition. The court held that although the assembly-line technique used by
the prosecution that merged and blurred investigative and justice procedure was
troublesome, the military trial court's finding that the officer was not misled
by his superior when he was given the grant of immunity and order to testify was
supported by the evidence and thus the officer was not entitled to invoke
transactional immunity as a bar to his pending court-martial.

OUTCOME: The court denied the officer's petition for extraordinary relief in the
nature of writs of prohibition and mandamus. The court dissolved the stay in the
officer's court-martial proceedings.

CORE TERMS: immunity, military, grant of immunity, admiral's, transactional
immunity, court-martial, prosecute, investigative, testimonial, lieutenant,
interview, mast, prosecuted, false statement, worry, disciplinary, convening,
happened, promised, investigators, remember, naval, indecent assault, criminal
case, assembly line, majority opinion, enforceable, interviewed, purported,
perjury


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Military & Veterans Law > Military Justice > Trials > Immunity
[HN1] Only a general court-martial convening authority may grant either
"transactional" or "testimonial" (or "use," R.C.M. 704(a)(2), Manual for
Courts-Martial (1984)), immunity. That power may not be delegated and, when
exercised, must be in writing. R.C.M. 704(c)-(d), Manual for Courts-Martial
(1984).

Constitutional Law > Bill of Rights > Fundamental Rights > Procedural Due
Process > Self-Incrimination Privilege
Evidence > Privileges > Self-Incrimination Privilege
Military & Veterans Law > Military Justice > Trials > Immunity
[HN2] In certain situations falling short of a formal de jure grant of immunity,
transactional immunity might be granted de facto. Where an accused honestly and
reasonably believes that an official has promised him transactional immunity and
that official has the lawful authority to do so, then the promise is the
functional equivalent of a grant of immunity. Due process requires that such a
promise be enforced.

COUNSEL: For Petitioner: Lieutenant David P. Sheldon, JAGC, USNR (argued);
Lieutenant Alan D. Titus, JAGC, USNR (on brief).

For Respondents: Lieutenant Commander David B. Auclair, JAGC, USN (argued);
Colonel T.G. Hess, USMC and Commander S.A. Stallings, JAGC, USN (on brief).

JUDGES: WISS, Judge. Chief Judge SULLIVAN and Judge COX concur. CRAWFORD, Judge
concurring in the result. GIERKE, Judge concurring in the result.

OPINION BY: WISS

OPINION


 [*482] Opinion of the Court

WISS, Judge:

This is a petition for extraordinary relief in the nature of writs of
prohibition and mandamus. Petitioner is a Navy lieutenant who faces a general
court-martial on a charge of indecent assault at the Tailhook Symposium
("Tailhook") of Navy and Marine Corps aviators in Las Vegas, Nevada, on
September 7, 1991. Petitioner claims that he has been granted immunity from any
prosecution arising out of the events at that conference and, accordingly, seeks
dismissal of the charge now pending against him. He made a motion to that end at
his court-martial, but the military judge denied it after extensive litigation.
[**2]  Upon his petition to this Court, we stayed further trial proceedings and
ordered the Government to show cause why the requested relief should not be
granted.     M.J.     (Oct. 27, 1993). After the Government responded to our
order, we heard oral argument in the cause.

We have carefully considered petitioner's argument that has been ably presented
in his briefs and during the argument in this matter, as well as the
Government's defense of its prosecution of petitioner. Additionally, we have
scrutinized the record of the trial proceedings at which petitioner's motion was
litigated. Now, we hold that, on the basis of the military judge's findings of
fact, which are supported in the evidence of record, petitioner has not carried
his burden of persuasion that he was given an enforceable promise of
transactional immunity. See United States v. Churnovic, 22 M.J. 401, 407 (CMA
1986)  [*483]  (Everett, C.J.); see also Cunningham v. Gilevich, 36 M.J. 94, 101
(CMA 1992).

I

The charge against petitioner that has been referred to general court-martial is
based on an incident at Tailhook in which an intoxicated young woman was lifted
into the air by apparently [**3]  three officers and stripped of her clothing
below the waist. This incident was but one small part of the extensive
misconduct by dozens of officers that is alleged to have occurred at the now
infamous Tailhook.

When the light of day first focused on the unofficial activities at that
conference, a variety of investigative efforts followed, including those by
special agents of the Office of the Inspector General, Defense Criminal
Investigative Services (DCIS). Ultimately, in connection with bringing these
investigations to some point of closure, the Chief of Naval Operations (CNO)
designated Vice Admiral Joseph P. Reason, Commander, Naval Surface Force, U.S.
Atlantic Fleet, as the Consolidated Disposition Authority for all Tailhook cases
involving Navy officers. In that capacity, Admiral Reason was given full
disciplinary and convening authority under the Uniform Code of Military Justice
over all officers under Tailhook investigation, regardless of those officers'
duty assignments elsewhere.

One of the difficulties that investigators claimed they met from the outset was
the wall of silence behind which all Tailhook attendees huddled. As Special
Agent Matthew Walinski of DCIS explained:  [**4]  "We had been out for 9 months
doing interviews where hundreds of naval aviators had said to us, 'I was
standing next to my friend.' 'What's your friend's name?' 'I can't remember.'"

In an effort to crack the wall and to learn what really happened at Tailhook,
DCIS suggested to Admiral Reason a scenario in which, one by one, investigative
subjects who seemed to be lesser involved were sent to mast (see Art. 15,
Uniform Code of Military Justice, 10 USC § 815) in front of Admiral Reason,
where known charges were disposed of; then immediately to the office of Captain
Williams, the Force Judge Advocate for Admiral Reason, who advised the subjects
of their post-mast rights; then immediately to Commander Robert Monahan, the
Assistant Force Judge Advocate, who dated and delivered to the subjects a "Grant
of Immunity" and an "Order to Testify" signed by Admiral Reason and who
purported to explain those two documents to the subjects; then typically
immediately to an office where DCIS agents interviewed the immunized officers.
Petitioner was one of approximately 20 officers subjected to this assembly line,
and what was said to him and by whom along the way is what [**5]  forms the
basis of this petition.

At each point along this route, petitioner stood alone, without either his
military or civilian defense counsel at his side. Why defense counsel permitted
such a situation is unexplained in the record; also unsatisfactorily explained
is why no official who received petitioner at any point in this process was
particularly concerned about petitioner's legal representation.

First stop was Admiral Reason's office. Petitioner's role, if any, in the
indecent assault that is the subject of the instant court-martial also was one
of the charges against him at mast. On the basis of petitioner's denial of
involvement therein, however, Admiral Reason dismissed the mast as to that
charge. Thereafter, petitioner's route along the assembly line proceeded.

Next stop was Captain Williams' office. There, according to petitioner's
unrebutted trial testimony, Captain Williams referred to the dismissed indecent
assault and remarked, "'Well, I think you got off because, in my personal
opinion, I think you assaulted that woman and many other women.'" Thereafter,
Captain Williams completed the post-mast paperwork and rights' advisement.

Next stop was Commander Monahan.  [**6]  In front of petitioner, Commander
Monahan dated a "Grant of Immunity" and an "Order to Testify," each of which had
already  [*484]  been signed by Admiral Reason, and handed them to petitioner.
The Grant of Immunity stated, in part:


     2. In consideration of your testimony as a witness for the Government
     in the matters described in enclosure (1), you are hereby granted
     immunity from the use of your testimony (or other information given by
     you or any other information directly or indirectly derived from such
     testimony or other information) describing the events related in
     enclosure (1) against you in any criminal case, except a prosecution
     for perjury, giving a false statement under the provisions of this
     grant of immunity, or otherwise failing to comply with an order to
     testify in this matter.

     3. It is understood that this grant of immunity from the use of your
     testimony . . . against you in any criminal case is effective only
     upon the condition that you testify under oath as a witness for the
     Government.


(Emphasis added.) On the basis of this Grant of Immunity, the Order to Testify
directed petitioner
     to appear before agents of the Department of Defense [**7]  Inspector
     General's Office and answer their questions fully and truthfully and
     to cooperate in any courts-martial, disciplinary hearings, or
     administrative hearings which might arise as a result of the
     above-captioned investigation. In accordance with section 6002, Title
     18, United States Code, no testimony or other information given by
     Lieutenant David Samples or any information directly or indirectly
     derived from such testimony or other information can be used against
     him in any criminal case, except a prosecution for perjury, giving a
     false statement, or otherwise failing to comply with this order.


(Emphasis added.)

Notwithstanding the apparent unambiguity of these documents, Commander Monahan
then purported to "explain" to petitioner what they meant. The military judge
found that, "although CDR Monahan's testimony was somewhat unclear as to the
exact words that he used in explaining the nature of the grant of immunity and
order to testify, . . . nothing in CDR Monahan's explanation to the accused
amounted to the express granting of transactional immunity." Essential Findings
at 12. Earlier, though, the military judge had found that Commander Monahan had
"explained [**8]  to the accused that if he would give a complete account of the
events of the evening of 07 September 1991, that he would not be prosecuted."
Essential Findings at 8. A reading of the entirety of the 57 record pages of
Commander Monahan's testimony cannot help but leave uncertainty as to whether
his "explanation" of the seemingly clear grant of testimonial immunity
effectively blurred the legal distinction between it and the broader concept of
transactional immunity. See RCM 704(a), Manual for Courts-Martial, United
States, 1984.

After the explanation, Commander Monahan directed petitioner to read both
documents. The military judge found that, in fact, "the accused did read both
documents and he acknowledged his understanding of the content of each
document." Essential Findings at 8. Of decisional importance to our action on
this petition, the military judge found as fact that Commander Monahan's
"partial misstatement of the law" as to the nature of the immunity "was
understood by the accused in the context of the written grant of testimonial
immunity and did not supersede the limits of that immunity . . . In short, the
accused understood that the grant of immunity extended only [**9]  to any
testimony or statements made by him." Essential Findings at 12.

Next stop, the following day, was Special Agent Walinski--to whom petitioner was
hand-delivered by Commander Monahan. The military judge found that "Agent
Walinski initially explained to the accused that 'if he told the truth about the
events . . . of Saturday, 07 September 1991, his case would become a "wash-out"
and that he would no longer have to worry about being prosecuted,' or words to
that effect." Essential Findings at 8. This explanation was entirely consistent
with Agent Walinski's  [*485]  testimony as to the thinking that led to this
whole procedure:


     We felt that, or the Director, DCIS felt that it was one of the ways
     that we could have a resolution in the case and be fair to everybody
     that was involved in [the] case, so that they could have a walk-away,
     as we called it. It was their opportunity to come in, tell us the
     truth, tell us everything that they knew that went on there, and then
     have the ability to walk away from it and know that they could go on
     with their naval career and not have Tailhook, you know, hanging over
     them for any length of time.



Finally, there was an unscheduled stop on [**10]  this assembly line. Later the
same day as was his interview with Agent Walinski, petitioner was interviewed by
Lieutenant Commander Lyman Ritter, Jr., who was the prosecutor in two other
Tailhook cases. He knew that petitioner had been immunized, and he was
interested to see if petitioner had any information that might help those cases.
Under questioning by civilian defense counsel, Ritter had this to say about his
discussion with petitioner regarding the latter's immunity:


     Q. Or do you remember what you told him?

     A. I don't remember word for word, but I--I several times stressed to
     him that at this point he wasn't suspected of anything, that if he,
     you know, if he felt intimidated or anything by any of the process up
     to that point, I know he just finished Admiral's Mast, and I figured
     he probably would be a little intimidated after that, that--that there
     is nothing to worry about at this point, we're not after anything--we
     believe we've heard what there is to know about what you've done. If
     there's more, well, you've got immunity and at this point you can tell
     us anything that happened and, as long as you're honest, there's no
     problem. The only problem you can get into  [**11]   is if you make
     false statements. So just tell us the truth.

     Q. So, you told him basically to--to give you whatever information he
     had and there would be no problem, that he wouldn't be pr--I mean, did
     you say that he wouldn't be prosecuted?

     A. I didn't say that. I said, if you gave a false statement, that's
     the only thing you've got to worry about. At this point you don't, you
     know--

     MJ: Well, worry about in what respect?

     WITNESS: Well, the possibility of prosecution or any sort of
     disciplinary action, you know

     MJ: Well, that was the question I asked.

     WITNESS: I'm sorry.

     Q. Okay. So, I mean, you told him that you don't have to worry about
     prosecution or disciplinary action as long as you're telling the
     truth?

     A. That's right.


(Emphasis added.) Even though this testimony might be construed much more
broadly, the military judge found: "CDR Ritter explained to the accused that he
would be giving a statement under a testimonial grant of immunity, and that the
accused could not be prosecuted for any statement that he made to him. This
advice was acknowledged by the accused." Essential Findings at 10.

For his part, petitioner's [**12]  testimony as to what was said and what he
understood it to mean--especially by Commander Monahan--was somewhat
inconsistent. At some points, he quite forthrightly explained his understanding
to be that nothing he said could ever be used against him unless he lied. For
instance:


     And he [Commander Monahan] gave me the--I was reading the grant of
     immunity and he explained to me that the grant of immunity basically
     was that, as long as I didn't perjure myself, whatever I said wouldn't
     be used to prosecute me. And that was it.

     * * *

     The way that occurred was he [Lieutenant Commander Ritter] asked me,
     he says, "Now, are you aware of what the grant of immunity means?" and
     I briefed him as to what Commander Monahan had said to me, the same
     words again. I  [*486]  said, "What it means in the way I was briefed
     by Commander Monahan" I said "was, as long as I don't perjure myself,
     that anything I say will not be used to prosecute me . . . .

     * * *

     WITNESS: That, as long as I didn't--I was supposed to be truthful and
     forth-right to the DOD investigators and that, as long as I didn't
     perjure myself, then nothing would be used against me for prosecution.

     Q. When you say nothing [**13]  could be used against you, you mean
     nothing that you said, correct?

     A. Anything that I said.

     Q. What if--

     A. He used those words. I don't recall him ever using those words
     but--

     Q. That's fine. But your impression clearly was then that Commander
     Monahan explained the documents to you to mean that anything you said
     to investigators or anyone else under your grant couldn't be used
     against you unless, as you said, the conditions of perjury or false
     statement might be met.

     A. Unless I didn't tell the truth, that's correct, sir.


At other points, however, he claimed an understanding of a broader
immunity--that, "as long as" he "told the truth," he was free of any and all
prosecution for Tailhook events. The ambiguity was pointedly addressed in the
following exchange between trial counsel and petitioner:
     Q. Commander Monahan never told you that you couldn't be prosecuted
     for anything that might have happened at Tailhook if evidence came
     from some other source, did he?

     A. No, he did not.

     * * *

     Q. Again, Commander Ritter didn't tell you that you could not be
     prosecuted for anything that happened while you were at Tailhook, did
     he?

     A.  [**14]  No, he didn't say anything. Neither him [sic] nor
     Commander Monahan said anything about further prosecution.

     Q. From other independent evidence?

     A. No, sir.

     Q. Just from the use of your testimony, correct?

     A. Yes, sir.



Resolving this inconsistency in the context of the other evidence, the military
judge found as fact that "the accused by his own account was not misled by CDR
Monahan concerning the nature of the grant of immunity." Essential Findings at
12. As to his subsequent interview with Agent Walinski, petitioner testified
that Walinski did not discuss with him the grant of immunity, thus obviously
negating any arguable reliance by petitioner on any misleading statements that
Agent Walinski might have made.

II

This Court, as recently as the decision in Cunningham v. Gilevich, supra at 100,
has recognized that  [HN1] only a general court-martial convening authority may
grant either "transactional" or "testimonial" (or "use," see Discussion; RCM
704(a)(2)), immunity. 1 That power may not be delegated and, when exercised,
must be in writing. RCM 704(c) and (d). Here, Admiral Reason, as the appropriate
general court-martial convening authority [**15]  under the CNO's designation as
Consolidated Disposition Authority, properly granted petitioner testimonial or
use immunity in one of the written documents that Commander Monahan handed to
petitioner following mast.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Compare RCM 704(a)(1) with RCM 704(a)(2), Manual for Courts-Martial, United
States, 1984.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Petitioner, though, argues that, in fact, he was promised a more far-ranging
transactional immunity--immunity from any prosecution for any conduct at
Tailhook. Mainly, the basis for his claim is Commander Monahan's purported
"explanation" of the document to be a grant of that inclusive protection.

We have recognized that,  [HN2] "in certain situations falling short of a formal
de jure  [*487]  grant of immunity" as described above, see 36 M.J. at 100,
transactional immunity might be granted de facto. See, e.g., United States v.
Kimble, 33 M.J. 284, 289-90 (CMA 1991); see also United States v. Palumbo, 897
F.2d 245, 248 (7th Cir.1990). Where an accused honestly and [**16]  reasonably
believes that an official has promised him transactional immunity and that
official has the lawful authority to do so, then the promise is the functional
equivalent of a grant of immunity. See id. Cf. Cunningham v. Gilevich, supra;
United States v. Quintanilla, 2 F.3d 1469, 1483 (7th Cir.1993); United States v.
Streebing, 987 F.2d 368, 372-73 (6th Cir.1993). Due process requires that such a
promise be enforced.  United States v. Kimble, supra 33 M.J. at 289-90; see
Cooke v. Orser, 12 M.J. 335 (CMA 1982); see generally United States v. Gerant,
995 F.2d 505, 508 (4th Cir.1993).

The assembly-line technique in this case that merged and blurred investigative
and justice procedures is troublesome. At best, it reflects a most curiously
careless and amateurish approach to a very high-profile case by experienced
military lawyers and investigators. At worst, it raises the possibility of a
shadiness in respecting the rights of military members caught up in a criminal
investigation that cannot be condoned.

Where were the defense lawyers during all of this? 2 Why would seasoned military
lawyers like Captain [**17]  Williams and Commander Monahan not ensure that
petitioner's lawyers were at hand just to make sure that, as a practical matter,
no problems ensued? Why would a seasoned lawyer like Commander Monahan deliver
and "explain" a grant of immunity to petitioner, alone with him in a room, with
no one else present to witness what was said and done? In fact, why would a
seasoned lawyer like Commander Monahan take it upon himself to "explain" the
grant of immunity in the first place? After all, it was clear and unambiguous;
and any "explanation" of it to the grantee most logically should come from his
own lawyer, rather than from a lawyer at the center of the
investigative/prosecutorial effort.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 We do not decide whether RCM 305(e) required that petitioner's counsel be
given notice of any questioning and opportunity to be present; that would not
affect our decision here whether petitioner has carried his burden of
demonstrating an enforceable grant of transactional immunity.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The confusion of investigative and justice functions [**18]  incident to this
exercise had the potential for jeopardizing this prosecution. It gave rise to a
scenario in which it arguably might be concluded that a belief by petitioner
that Commander Monahan had granted him transactional immunity and that he had
the authority to do so was reasonable.

Nonetheless, such a belief also had to be honest, if petitioner now is to hold
the Government to the promise. The military judge found as a matter of fact that
petitioner was not misled by Commander Monahan and that petitioner fully
understood that the grant of immunity was limited to use of his statements. That
finding is fairly supported by the evidence of record and, thus, is not clearly
erroneous. See S. Childress & M. Davis, 1 Federal Standards of Review §§ 2.01 at
2-6 and 2.02 at 2-7 to 2-9 (2d ed.1992).

Further, without addressing whether petitioner could have reasonably relied upon
a promise by Lieutenant Commander Ritter or Agent Walinski, petitioner's
testimony itself makes it clear, again, that he did not honestly perceive such a
promise. He testified that Lieutenant Commander Ritter never promised him that
no prosecution would occur based on evidence independent of petitioner's [**19]
own statements, and petitioner did not remember at all any representations
regarding his immunity during his interview by Agent Walinski.

Accordingly, we conclude that, as a matter of law, petitioner is not entitled to
invoke transactional immunity as a bar to his pending court-martial.

III

The petition for extraordinary relief in the nature of writs of prohibition and
mandamus  [*488]  is denied. The stay in the court-martial proceedings is
dissolved when this opinion becomes final.

Chief Judge SULLIVAN and Judge COX concur.

CONCUR BY: CRAWFORD; GIERKE

CONCUR

CRAWFORD, Judge (concurring in the result):

I respectfully concur in the result of the majority opinion.


     This Court may grant relief using its extraordinary power under the
     All Writs Act, 28 USC § 1651(a), when the relief would "be: (1) in aid
     of jurisdiction and (2) agreeable to the usages and principles of
     law." Lemoine v. Baker, 36 M.J. 86, 88 (CMA 1992) (Crawford, J.,
     dissenting) . . . .


 Cunningham v. Gilevich, 36 M.J. 94, 102 (CMA 1992) (Crawford, J., concurring).
In this case the Government did not object to our jurisdiction under the All
Writs Act.

I concur with the [**20]  holding of the majority opinion that "on the basis of
the military judge's findings of fact, which are supported in the evidence of
record, petitioner has not carried his burden of persuasion that he was given an
enforceable promise of transactional immunity." 38 M.J. 482 at 482-483. However,
I disagree with the dicta of the majority opinion that purports to elevate what
I consider to be dicta in Cunningham to a holding that there may be grants of de
facto immunity in the military. 38 M.J. at 486. See United States v. Kimble, 33
M.J. 284, 293-94 (CMA 1991) (Cox, J., dissenting).

GIERKE, Judge (concurring in the result):

I am uncomfortable with the majority's decision to uphold the military judge's
finding "as a matter of fact that petitioner was not misled by Commander Monahan
and that petitioner fully understood that the grant of immunity was limited to
use of his statements." 38 M.J. at 487. I have difficulty holding that the
military judge's finding was "fairly supported by the evidence of record," in
light of Commander Monahan's testimony and LT Samples' contradictory responses
regarding his understanding of the extent of his [**21]  immunity. I believe
that the only finding justified by the record before us is a finding that LT
Samples was confused.

Nevertheless, LT Samples' confusion about the terms of his immunity does not
affect the outcome in this case. Unlike previous cases decided by this Court,
this case did not involve a negotiated disposition of charges against an
accused. See United States v. Kimble, 33 M.J. 284 (CMA 1991) (promise not to
prosecute if accused entered therapy program); United States v. Churnovic, 22
M.J. 401 (CMA 1986) (promise not to prosecute for possessing hashish if accused
revealed its location); Cooke v. Orser, 12 M.J. 335 (CMA 1982) (promise not to
prosecute if accused fully disclosed his involvement with Soviet agents and
passed a polygraph examination).

All known charges against LT Samples had been disposed of at the admiral's mast
on June 2, 1993, which preceded the  [*489]  grant of immunity, order to
testify, and subsequent interview by law enforcement agents. This case does not
require us to enforce an agreement regarding the preferral or disposition of
charges, because there was no such agreement. Regardless whether LT Samples
thought [**22]  he received transactional or testimonial immunity, he was
presented with a lawful order to testify, and he had no choice but to obey. This
order to provide evidence requires us only to determine the consequences of LT
Samples' compliance with that order. The grant of immunity was not promised in
consideration of LT Samples' cooperation, but rather was issued to put teeth in
the order to testify by removing any right to claim a privilege against
self-incrimination. See United States v. Kirsch, 15 U.S.C.M.A. 84, 35 C.M.R. 56,
1964 WL 4925 (1964) (recognizing convening authority's power to grant immunity
and to prosecute for wrongful refusal to testify.)

Because this case involves an order rather than a negotiated agreement, I
disagree with the majority's implication that there was something inappropriate
about the failure to involve LT Samples' counsel in the grant of immunity, order
to testify, and subsequent interviews by prosecutorial officials. On the other
hand, I agree with the majority that, had LT Samples' counsel been involved, the
present litigation probably would not have arisen.

Finally, I note that there has been no attempt to use LT Samples' exculpatory
statement [**23]  against him. Furthermore, the decision to prosecute was not
derived from his exculpatory statement but from the statement of LT Truong,
independently obtained by law enforcement agents 4 days after LT Samples was
interviewed.

For the foregoing reasons, I agree with the majority that LT Samples is not
entitled to transactional immunity. Accordingly, I concur in the result.


                              212 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                  RESEARCH LABORATORIES, Inc. v. UNITED STATES

                                   No. 11624

              UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE NINTH CIRCUIT

                    167 F.2d 410; 1948 U.S. App. LEXIS 4046


                                 April 2, 1948

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Appellant claimant of the seized property sought review of
the judgments and orders of the United States District Court for the Western
District of Missouri condemning and ordering the destruction of quantities of a
proprietary drug and certain written material alleged to constitute the labeling
thereof. The underlying four cases alleged misbranding under 21 U.S.C.S. §
352(a), and the cases were consolidated for trial.

OVERVIEW: The claimant engaged in the manufacture, sale, and distribution of
proprietary drug products that were shipped to purchasers and distributors. A
libel action alleged that the drug was misbranded within the meaning of 21
U.S.C.S. § 352(a) in that statements that appeared in the labeling were false
and misleading in that the statements represented, suggested, and created in the
mind of the reader thereof the impression that the article of the drug was
effective in the treatment of arthritis, rheumatism, neuritis, sciatica, and
lumbago, whereas the article was not effective in the treatment of such
conditions. Other seizures were made later pursuant to libels following the same
general pattern. The cases were consolidated, and the lower court condemned and
ordered the destruction of the seized drugs. The court affirmed, noting that the
evidence included testimony by experts based on tests made of the product
itself, the consensus of medical opinion as to the various ingredients, and the
expert witnesses' personal opinions regarding the effectiveness of such
ingredients. Altogether, there was ample evidence to support the verdict of the
jury.

OUTCOME: The court affirmed the judgments and orders that condemned and ordered
the destruction of quantities of a proprietary drug, holding that the interests
of the public would be better served by having the product kept off of the
market altogether.

CORE TERMS: labeling, arthritis, misbranded, misleading, ingredient, rheumatism,
advertisement, misbranding, neuritis, libel, mail, postmaster general, food,
scientific, sciatica, lumbago, effectiveness, therapeutic, medicine, patient,
seized, licorice, cascara, label, commerce, salicylate, curative, ginseng,
disease, sodium


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
General Overview
Contracts Law > Statutes of Frauds > General Overview
Criminal Law & Procedure > Criminal Offenses > Fraud > Mail Fraud > Elements
[HN1] As the effectiveness of almost any particular method of treatment of
disease is, to a more or less extent, a fruitful source of difference of
opinion, even though the great majority may be of one way of thinking, the
efficacy of any special method is certainly not a matter for the decision of the
Postmaster General within these statutes relative to fraud. Unless the question
may be reduced to one of fact, as distinguished from mere opinion, these
statutes cannot be invoked for the purpose of stopping the delivery of mail
matter.

Administrative Law > Agency Investigations > General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
Labor & Employment Law > Employee Privacy > Alcohol & Drug Testing
[HN2] 21 U.S.C.S. § 372(a) provides: The Administrator is authorized to conduct
examinations and investigations for the purposes of this chapter through
officers and employees of the Agency or through any health, food, or drug
officer or employee of any State, Territory, or political subdivision thereof,
duly commissioned by the Administrator as an officer of the Agency.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN3] Testimony of experts that is based upon tests or experiments made by them
does not come within the ambit of the McAnnulty rule.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
General Overview
Evidence > Testimony > Experts > General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN4] Testimony as to the consensus of medical opinion may be considered in
drug-misbranding cases.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
General Overview
Evidence > Testimony > Experts > General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN5] Expert testimony even in its broadest sense- i.e., where the witness has
neither tested the product nor purports to report the consensus of medical
opinion- is admissible on the question of therapeutic value.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN6] 21 U.S.C.S. § 10 reads in part as follows: Misbranded articles. For the
purposes of sections 1 to 15, inclusive, of this title, an article shall be
deemed to be misbranded; Drugs. In case of drugs: False statement of curative or
therapeutic effect.- Third. If its package or label shall bear or contain any
statement, design, or device regarding the curative or therapeutic effect of
such article or any of the ingredients or substances contained therein, which is
false and fraudulent.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN7] The law requires only that the labeling be false or misleading in any
particular in order to bring the drug within the definition of "misbranded." 21
U.S.C.S. § 352(a). This does not mean, however, that under the present law the
appellee, in presenting to the jury a fair and complete picture of the
claimant's activities, must sedulously avoid adducing any evidence of fraud.

Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
Governments > Legislation > Interpretation
[HN8] The Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is remedial, and should be liberally
construed so as to carry out its beneficent purposes.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
Civil Procedure > Trials > Jury Trials > Jury Instructions > General Overview
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN9] 21 U.S.C.S. § 321(n) reads as follows: (n) If an article is alleged to be
misbranded because the labeling is misleading, then in determining whether the
labeling is misleading there shall be taken into account (among other things)
not only representations made or suggested by statement, word, design, device,
or any combination thereof, but also the extent to which the labeling fails to
reveal facts material in the light of such representations or material with
respect to consequences which may result from the use of the article to which
the labeling relates under the conditions of use prescribed in the labeling
thereof or under such conditions of use as are customary or usual.

Antitrust & Trade Law > Consumer Protection > Deceptive Labeling & Packaging >
Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
Civil Procedure > Pretrial Matters > Conferences > Pretrial Orders
Governments > Agriculture & Food > Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act
[HN10] In any case where an article is alleged to be misbranded because the
labeling is misleading in any respect, it is made mandatory by 21 U.S.C.S. §
321(n) itself that the jury shall take into account such omissions or
suppressions.

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Relief From Judgment > General Overview
[HN11] The trial court, in a case of seizure for misbranding, shall exercise its
sound discretion as to whether the article shall be released under bond.

COUNSEL:  [**1]  Justin N. Reinhardt, of Portland, Or., for appellant.

J. Charles Dennis, U.S. Atty., of Seattle, Wash., Harry Sager, Asst. U.S. Atty.,
of Tacoma, Wash., and Arthur A. Dickerman, of Washington, D.C., Atty., U.S. Food
& Drug Administration, for appellee.

JUDGES: Before GARRECHT, MATHEWS and HEALY, Circuit Judges.

OPINION BY: GARRECHT

OPINION

 [*412]  In four cases consolidated for trial, judgments and decrees were
entered condemning and ordering destroyed quantities of a proprietary drug known
as 'Nue-Ovo' and certain written material alleged to constitute the labeling
thereof.  The action of the court below was taken pursuant to libels alleging
misbranding, under 21 U.S.C.A.  § 352(a).  From the judgments and orders
referred to, the present appeals have been taken by the intervenor below, as
claimant of the property seized.

The appellant, an Oregon corporation, has engaged in the manufacture, sale, and
distribution of proprietary drug products known as 'Nue-Ovo', 'Sal Trag', and
'Burvidin' continuously since 1925.  The formulas of the products have been
changed from time to time, and the merchandise now under seizure differs from
products of the same name involved in previous litigation.

[**2]  Nue-Ovo is sold direct to consumers.  In concentrated form, called 'Sal
Trag', it is sold to licensed physicians.  The products are manufactured at
Portland, Oregon, and shipped to purchasers and distributors in most of the
states west of the Mississippi River. The appellant's direct sales program
involves extensive use of advertisements in daily and weekly newspapers and
similar publications.  In general, these advertisements solicit mail inquiries
regarding the effectiveness of Nue-Ovo in the treatment of arthritis, neuritis,
rheumatism, sciatica, and lumbago, to which inquiries the appellant replies by
mail. The advertisements referred to are not, of course, part of the labeling.

In November, 1944, a libel was filed in the United States District Court for the
Western District of Missouri, Western Division, pursuant to which there were
seized by the United States Marshal about 600 units of Nue-Ovo, each unit
containing three bottles.  Some of the unit cartons are labeled in part:

'Active Ingredients: An aqueous extraction of Plume Thistle, Burdock, Quassia,
Sage, Cinnamon, Horehound, Dandelion, Kola Nut, Ginseng, Althea, Cascara and
Licorice.

'This is the regular Nue-Ovo Formula [**3]  to which have been added laxatives.

'Less than one-half of one per cent Sodium Benzoate added as a preservative.'

Other unit cartons are labeled in part:

'This is the regular Nue-Ovo formula to which have been added Cascara, Licorice,
and Sodium Salicylate. Less than one half of one per cent Sodium Benzoate added
as a preservative.  Vitamin B1 added.'

The libel alleges that the 600 units were shipped by the appellant on or about
June 27, 1944, and August 2, 1944, from Portland to Crown Drug Company, Kansas
City, Missouri.

Pursuant to the same libel there were also seized at the same time stocks of
circulars entitled 'information on Nue-Ovo and its value in Arthritic and other
Rheumatoid symptoms.' The circulars were alleged to have been shipped in
interstate commerce on or about April 7 and August 8, 1944, from Chicago,
Illinois, by Nue-Ovo, Inc.- not the appellant herein- to the Crown Drug Company
at Kansas City.

The libel alleges that:

'The article is misbranded within the meaning of 21 U.S.C. 352(a) (21 U.S.C.A.
§ 352(a))in that the statements in the attached Exhibits 'A' and 'B' which
appear in  [*413]  the labeling of the article * * * are false and misleading in
[**4]  this, that such statements represent and suggest and create in the mind
of the reader thereof the impression that the article of drug, Nue-Ovo, is
effective in the treatment of arthritis, rheumatism, neuritis, sciatica, and
lumbago, whereas, the article is not effective in the treatment of such
conditions.'

Other seizures were made later pursuant to libels following the same general
pattern as the foregoing.

The proceedings were all removed to the court below, where they were
consolidated for trial in accordance with the provisions of 21 U.S.C.A.  §
334(b).

The court below entered a pre-trial order which specified as an agreed fact that
'the labeling alleged in the several libels constituted the labeling of the
product seized'.

The agreed issues were stated in the pretrial order as follows:

1.  Whether or not the Nue-Ovo under seizure is ineffective in the treatment of
arthritis, rheumatism, neuritis, sciatica, or lumbago.

2.  Whether or not the labeling under seizure suggests to the user that the
Nue-Ovo is effective in the treatment of arthritis, rheumatism, neuritis,
sciatica, or lumbago.

3.  Whether or not the product is misbranded by reason of the labeling.

The appellant [**5]  admitted that the labeling represented the product to be
effective. Thus the misbranding and the ineffectiveness of the products were the
issues to be litigated.

Summarized, the appellant's attacks upon the judgment below are as follows:

1.  The court below erred in submitting issues to the jury, since every
statement in the labeling as to the effectiveness of the product is a statement
of opinion, and at the conclusion of the case the record showed nothing more
than a difference of opinion among qualified medical experts as to the
effectiveness of the product.

2.  The court erred in receiving testimony intended to show a misleading of the
witnesses by material that was not part of the labeling seized.

3.  The court erred in instructing the jury as to the elements to be taken into
account in determining whether the labeling is misleading, under 21 U.S.C.A §
321(n), infra.

4.  If it should be held that the court did not err in giving an instruction
based upon 21 U.S.C.A.  § 321(n), infra, the court's denial of the appellant's
motion for the release of the product under bond was an abuse of discretion.

5.  As applied by the court the statute is unconstitutional.

If the first [**6]  four objections urged by the appellant are found to be
untenable, the fifth must fall of its own weight and need not be discussed.

1.  The Rule in the McAnnulty Case.

The appellant bases its first contention upon a line of decisions commencing
with American School of Magnetic Healing v. McAnnulty, 187 U.S. 94, 105, 106, 23
S.Ct. 33, 37, 47 L.Ed. 90. There the court said:

[HN1] 'As the effectiveness of almost any particular method of treatment of
disease is, to a more or less extent, a fruitful source of difference of
opinion, even though the great majority may be of of one way of thinking, the
efficacy of any special method is certainly not a matter for the decision of the
Postmaster General within these statutes relative to fraud.  Unless the question
may be reduced to one of fact, as distinguished from mere opinion, we think
these statutes cannot be invoked for the purpose of stopping the delivery of
mail matter.'

Although the McAnnulty case was decided four years before the passage of the
original Food and Drugs Act of June 30, 1906, c. 3915, 34 Stat. 768, 21 U.S.C.A.
§ 1 et seq., the doctrine there announced was applied to the misbranding of
drugs in United States v. Johnson, 1911,  [**7]  221 U.S. 488, 498, 499, 31
S.Ct. 627, 55 L.Ed. 823, and in Seven Cases of Eckman's Alternative v. United
States, 1916, 239 U.S.510, 517, 36 S.Ct. 190, 60 L.Ed. 441, L.R.A. 1916D, 164.

2.  Three Limitations to the McAnnulty Rule

It should be borne in mind, however, that the McAnnulty case, supra, was heard
on  [*414]  a demurrer and involved the Postmaster General's power to decide
what was in reality a medical question, as to which he would presumably have no
professional training.

It cannot be assumed that the Supreme Court intended to reach out a dead hand
over the power of Congress to pass legislation in the future setting up a
well-equipped Federal agency capable of arriving at a professional conclusion as
to the adulteration or misbranding of drugs 'when introduced into or while in
interstate commerce'.  21 U.S.C.A.  § 334(a).  In the McAnnulty case the court
not only pointed out that 'as the case arises on demurrer, all material facts
averred in the bill are, of cours, admitted', but throughout the opinion doubt
was expressed as to the qualifications of a postmaster general to pass on
medical questions.

In the excerpt which we have already quoted, the Supreme Court expressed [**8]
the view that 'the efficacy of any special method (of treatment of disease) is
certainly not a matter for the decision of the Postmaster General within these
statutes relative to fraud'. Again, on page 105, of 187 U.S. on page 37 of 23
S.Ct. of the opinion, referring to the place of electricity in therapeutics, the
court pointedly asks: 'Was this kind of question intended to be submitted for
decision to a Postmaster General, * * * ?'

On the following page, the court thus summarized its holding as to the
Postmaster General's power under the mail fraud statutes:

'Other instances might be adduced to illustrate the proposition that these
statutes were not intended to cover any case of what the Postmaster General
might think to be false opinions, but only cases of actual fraud in fact, in
regard to which opinion formed no basis.'

Even in that case, however, the court conceded that the Postmaster General might
make a showing that fraud was being committed:

'In overruling the demurrer, we do not mean to preclude the defendant from
showing on the trial, if he can, that the business of complainants, as in fact
conducted amounts to a violation of the statutes as herein construed.'

Cf.  Leach [**9]  v. Carlile, 258 U.S. 138, 139, 140, 42 S.Ct. 227, 228, 66
L.Ed. 511.

And in Seven Cases of Eckman's Alterative v. United States, supra, 239 U.S.at
page 518, 36 S.Ct.at page 193, Mr. Justice Hughes said:

'It cannot be said, for example, that one who should put inert matter or a
worthless composition in the channels of trade, labeled or described in an
accompanying circular as a cure for disease, when he knows it is not, is beyond
the reach of the lawmaking power. Congress recognized that there was a wide
field in which assertions as to curative effect are in no sense honest
expressions of opinion, but constitute absolute falsehoods, and in the nature of
the case can be deemed to have been made only with fraudulent purpose.'

In contrast to the meager technical facilities for the determination of medical
questions possessed by the Postmaster General- at least at the time that the
McAnnulty case was decided- we find that the Federal Security Agency has at its
disposal almost unlimited professional resources with which to carry out its
investigations in the enforcement of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of
June 25, 1938, c. 675, 52 Stat. 1040, 21 U.S.C.A.  § 301 et seq.  Typical [**10]
of this elaborate set-up are the provisions of  [HN2] 21 U.S.C.A.  § 372(a):

'The Administrator is authorized to conduct examinations and investigations for
the purposes of this chapter through officers and employees of the Agency or
through any health, food, or drug officer or employee of any State, Territory,
or political subdivision thereof, duly commissioned by the Administrator as an
officer of the Agency.'

As we shall disclose in our discussion of the evidence hereinafter, this
extensive professional implementation authorized by the statute under
consideration was fully utilized in the case at bar.

In view of the foregoing, it could well have been reasoned a priori that the
impact of the McAnnulty case would be carefully limited in later decisions.  And
that is precisely what has occurred.

[*415]  As was said in United States v. 7 Jugs, etc., of Dr. Salsbury's Rakos,
D.C.Minn., 53 F.Supp. 746, 759, heavily relied upon by the appellant itself:

'Moreover, it must be obvious that tremendous advancements in scientific
knowledge and certainty have been made since the rule in the McAnnulty case was
first announced.  Questions which previously were subjects only of opinion have
[**11]  now been answered with certainty by the application of scientifically
known facts.  In the consideration of the McAnnulty rule, courts should give
recognition to this advancement.'

(a) Jury May Consider Testimony as to Actual Experiments

Much of the appellee's evidence in the instant case consisted of 'controlled
clinical studies' conducted by eminently qualified physicians and surgeons.

Dr. Frances Baker, Director of the Department of Physical Medicine at the
University of California, whose professional qualifications appear to be highly
impressive, testified at great length regarding a clinical study that she made
in 1944 with the Nue-Ovo that contained cascara and licorice, but not B-1 and
salicylate. The study was made on patients in the orthopedic clinic at the
University of California Hospital.  At the end of two months, five of the
patients 'were no better at all' and 'one felt better'.  As the result of her
studies, Dr. Baker testified that she thought that Nue-Ovo 'offers us nothing
that is of value in the treatment of arthritis.' She expressed similar opinions
as to Nue-Ovo's effectiveness in cases of lumbago, sciatica, neuritis, and
rheumatism, and stated that the addition [**12]  of sodium salicylate and
Vitamin B-1 in quantities found in one type of Nue-Ovo would not 'give us any
value whatever'.

Dr. John H. Wheeler is a practicing physician in Kansas City Missouri, and is on
the teaching staff of the University of Kansas, in Kansas City, Kansas.  In
1944, at the request of the Food and Drug Administration in Kansas City, he made
a study of Nue-Ovo in the Out-Patient Department of the University of Kansas.
The type of Nue-Ovo that he used was that containing cascara and licorice,
without the B-1 and salicylates. Six patients were asked to continue the
medicine for six weeks.  Dr. Wheeler testified that the medicine had 'no effect
whatsoever' on three patients, and two patients stated that they 'were of the
opinion * * * that they were no worse'.  On the day of his return, the sixth
patient 'felt that he had definitely improved while taking his Nue-Ovo,' but
'was complaining of some new pains involving both knees.' This sixth patient,
however, made that report ten months after starting the medication with Nue-Ovo,
and still had some of the six weeks' supply of the medicine left.

In 1940, Dr. Wheeler 'had experience' with Nue-Ovo with no added cascara or
[**13]  licorice with twenty-three patents, nine of whom took the preparation
for as long as three months.  Some took it for as short a period as two weeks,
in one case because the discomfort was so great that the patent desired some
other type of medication.  Of the twenty-three cases, there were eighteen upon
whom Nue-Ovo had no 'effect whatsoever', three were 'questionable, in that
perhaps their symptoms had improved slightly over the * * * previous period of
nine months', and 'two were definitely of the opinion that they felt better'.
Based upon his total experience with the product in 1944 and the product in
1940, Dr. Wheeler's opinion was that, with or without cascara, licorice or
sodium salicylate or thiamine in the amount stipulated, Nue-Ovo's 'effectiveness
is nil' in the treatment of arthritis, rheumatism, lumbago, neuritis, and
sciatica.

[HN3] Testimony of experts that is based upon tests or experiments made by them
does not come within the ambit of the McAnnulty rule. In Elliott Works v. Frisk,
D.C.Iowa, 58 F.2d 820, 825, the problem was fully and lucidly discussed:

'Complainants are mistaken in their claim that the only evidence introduced as
against them was mere opinions of witnesses [**14]  and that the opinion of the
expert for the government should not be considered as substantive evidence.  In
this contention complainants rely upon the case of American School of Magnetic
Healing v. McAnnulty,  [*416]  187 U.S. 94, 23 S.Ct. 33, 47 L.Ed. 90. The facts
here are entirely different from what they are in that case, which arose on a
demurrer wherein all the material facts averred in the bill were admitted for
the purpose of the hearing.  It may be conceded that the court there held that
mere matters of opinion on which witnesses might vary in their conclusions would
not substantiate a fraud order such as is here under consideration; but the
finding of the solicitor in this case is not based on opinions, but upon a
scientific investigation, findings, and tests made by the United States Bureau
of Standards.  Opinions of experts when founded upon known scientific facts are
not to be considered the same as opinions of laymen, but are considered by the
courts as substantive evidence.  However, the evidence upon which the facts here
were found was not alone based upon such scientific opinions, but upon tests
made and facts actually disclosed by independent research of experts [**15]  in
an outstanding scientific bureau of the national government.'

See also Kar-Ru Chemical Co. v. United States, 9 Cir., 264 F. 921, 928; United
States v. Lesser, 2 Cir., 66 F.2d 612, 616; United States v. 7 Jugs, etc., of
Dr. Salsbury's Rakos, supra, 53 F.Supp. at pages 758, 759.

(b) Testimony of Experts as to Consensus of Scientific Opinion Is Also Relevant

Dr. James M. Dille, professor of pharmacology and assistant dean of the School
of Medicine of the University of Washington, while on the witness stand went
down the list of ingredients of Nue-Ovo and categorically reported that
scientific 'investigation' by 'doctors or pharmacologists' has shown that many
of the ingredients have no 'action' as drugs.  For example concerning plume
thistle, the first ingredient listed in the statement of 'agreed facts', Dr.
Dille said:

'It has no action that doctors or pharmacologists can find, at all.'

Again, as to ginseng, another Nue-Ovo ingredient, Dr. Dille said:

' * * * as modern pharmacology developed and they made all sorts of
investigations on ginseng, they found that it is absolutely without any potent
principal (principle?) of any value to medicine.'

It is generally agreed that [**16]   [HN4] testimony as to the consensus of
medical opinion may be considered in drug-misbranding cases.  In United States
v. Dr. David Roberts Veterinary Co., 7 Cir., 104 F.2d 785, 788, the court said:

'In support of this count the testimony disclosed that the product does not
contain ingredient which would be effective as a treatment for shoeboils or poll
evil; that it has no value in the treatment of enlarged glands; and that no drug
or mixture of drugs is known to the profession generally, or agreed upon by the
consensus of veterinary opinion, that can do all of the things claimed by this
label.

'The record also discloses that the professional witnesses for the government
testified that the opinions expressed by them were in accord with the consensus
of veterinary opinion.

'In the instant case, the question was reduced to one of fact, as distinguished
from mere opinion, (cases cited) and, as defendants' testimony made for
conflicting evidence, a question of weighing the evidence was presented.  To
weigh the evidence is not within the power of this court.'

See also 28 C.J.S.,Druggists, Sec. 12k(2).

(c) Even Opinion Testimony as to Therapeutic Value Is Admissible

In this circuit and [**17]  elsewhere, it has been held that  [HN5] expert
testimony even in its broadest sense- i.e., where the witness has neither tested
the product nor purports to report the consensus of medical opinion- is
admissible on the question of therapeutic value.

In John J. Fulton Co. v. Federal Trade Commission, 9 Cir., 130 F.2d 85, 86,
certiorari denied, 317 U.S. 679, 63 S.Ct. 158, 87 L.Ed. 544, we said:

'The findings have support in the testimony of expert witnesses called by the
Commission.  But the Petitioner argues that since none of the experts had
prescribed Uvursin or observed its effects in concrete cases their testimony was
incompetent and inadmissible.  We think otherwise.  The  [*417]  witnesses were
shown to possess wide knowledge in the field under inquiry.  There is no good
reason to suppose them incompetent to express an opinion as to the lack of
therapeutic value of petitioner's preparation merely because they had had no
personal experience with it in the treatment of the disease. Their general
medical and pharmacological knowledge qualified them to testify.' (Cases cited.)
1

The same doctrine has been followed in misbranding cases tried before juries.
In Goodwin v. United States,  [**18]  6 Cir., 2 F.2d 200, 201, cited by us with
approval in the Fulton case, supra, it was said:

'Upon the trial of the issue of fact joined by the libel charging the
misbranding of mineral water and the answer of the intervener, expert evidence
may be properly admitted.  If it appears from the testimony of a witness upon
preliminary examination that he is learned in the science of chemistry or has
been regularly and legally admitted to the practice of medicine, and that he has
knowledge of the drug elements contained in the article transported in
interstate commerce and their efficacy or lack of efficacy as curative agents,
used either separately or in combination in the treatment of the diseases
specified on the label, his opinion on that subject is competent evidence
regardless of whether he has had actual experience or observation of the effect
of the use of such drugs in the exact form in which they are transported in
interstate commerce. The weight of his evidence is a question for the jury.' 2

The evidence in this case included the three types that we have discussed
hereinabove: Testimony by experts based on (a) tests made of the product itself;
(b)the consensus of medical opinion [**19]  as to the various ingredients used
in Nue-Ovo; and (c) the expert witnesses' personal opinions regarding the
effectiveness of such ingredients. Altogether, there was ample evidence to
support the verdict of the jury.

3.  Much of the Factual Evidence of the Appellee Consisted of Other Than Medical
Testimony

It will be remembered that in the Eckman's Alterative case, supra, Mr. Justice
Hughes has pointed out that Congress has 'recognized that there was a wide field
in which assertions as to curative effect are in no sense honest expressions of
opinion, but constitute absolute falsehoods.' In the instant case, the appellee
presented factual evidence of definite untruths and half-truths contained in the
labeling of Nue-Ovo.  This evidence did not come from medical experts but from
documents and from lay witnesses.

The labeling purports to quote from a letter written by Mrs. Fred Anderson, of
Albany, Oregon, in part as follows:

'I wish to say that after taking Nue-Ovo I feel like a new person, inasmuch as
my nerves are 100% better- no trace of Neuritis left and a general built-up
condition.'

This letter is one of a group that appears on the labeling, with the following
notation:  [**20]  'Original letters on file in office.  Copies may be obtained
on request.'

In a 'motion to produce documents', the appellee demanded that the originals of
a number of these letters be produced by the appellant, including the letter
attributed to Mrs. Anderson.

Mrs. Eleanor M. Feldman, president of the appellant, was unable to produce the
originals of at least four of the letters, including that of Mrs. Anderson.
Instead, 'copies' were offered.  Mrs. Feldman explained that in moving from one
location to another, some of the appellant's documents were lost, an entire
steel file having disappeared from her office.

Mrs. Anderson gave a deposition in which she stated that after taking the first
three or four bottles of Nue-Ovo she thought that her 'time had come'; that she
didn't think it had done her any good; that she did not have neuritis, but
arthritis; that she did not write the letter, and could not account for it: 'How
on earth they got my name is more than I know.' A former employee of the
appellant asked Mrs. Anderson to give him a testimonial,  [*418]  but she
refused, according to her deposition.

Another part of the Neu-Ovo labeling contains two 'before-and-after' photographs
[**21]  of H. J. Shermer of Leaburg, Oregon, flanking the facsimile of a
notarized letter by him extolling the merits of that nostrum.  The photograph
taken 'before' Nue-Ovo shows Mr. Shermer in an emaciated condition, his weight
being given as 110 pounds.  The post-Nue-Ovo photograph shows Mr. Shermer as he
appeared eighteen months later, weighing 165 pounds.

In his letter, Mr. Chermer stated that he was first afflicted with arthritis
fifteen years prior to the date of writing, October 8, 1934.  After taking
Nue-Ovo for eighteen months, Mr. Shermer wrote, he was able to attend to his
business, pursue his hobbies of hunting and fishing, 'and enjoy life generally.'


C. W. Frazier, of Newburg, Oregon, who had been for sixteen years the sheriff of
Harney County, Oregon, himself a sufferer from arthritis or rheumatism, or
possibly both, saw the photographs and the facsimile letter of Mr. Shermer.
With the traditional skepticism of a peace officer,the former sheriff decided to
investigate.  He called upon Mr. Shermer and found him sitting by a trailer,
with his feet on a padded stool and a pair of crutches at his side.

Mr. Frazier wrote to the appellant about his 'disappointing visit' to Mr.
[**22]  Shermer.  In reply, Mrs. Feldman 'explained' that the 'back-set' was due
to the complete extraction of Mr. Shermer's teeth at one time and to overwork.
Mrs. Feldman further wrote that Nue-Ovo was helping Mr. Shermer 'for the third
time', and she felt certain 'that now that he is free of responsibility and that
he and Mrs. Shermer can have a little more leisure time, he will make his third
recovery.'

Still not satisfied with the outcome of the Shermer investigation, Mr. Frazier
called upon Mrs. Feldman in person.  Mr. Frazier testified:

'Well, the conversation got a little exciting a time or two.  Mrs. Feldman sort
of accused me of trying to make her out one damn liar, so she said.  Why I told
her, I said, 'Mrs. Feldman, I wouldn't think of putting it that way', but I said
'Your advertising I still question quite a little."

Finally, the Nue-Ovo labeling contains an 'analysis of ingredients', with the
prefatory explanation that it is based chiefly on the United States
Dispensatory, the Pharmacopoeia, and various textbooks on pharmacology.

It is here that half-truths enter the picture.  While the label's 'analysis'
followed part of the language of the above-named authorities somewhat [**23]
closely, and sometimes verbatim, there were significant omissions in the
excerpts.  Here are a few of the deleted portions:

(Ginseng) 'The extraordinary medicinal virtues formerly described as (ascribed
to) Ginseng had no other existence than in the imagination of the Chinese.'

(Horehound) 'It has, however, been almost completely abandoned by physicians.'

(Salvia or Sage) 'For what reason this condiment was admitted into the N. F. is
not obvious.  While the ancients say it is highly esteemed, there is no evidence
that it possesses therapeutic virtues, and it is practically never prescribed by
physicians.'

(Lappa or Burdock) 'There is not sufficient reason, however, to believe it has
any medicinal virtues.'

The apocryphal or misleading testimonials and the scientific half-truths in the
labeling alone make out a case of actionable misbranding. As was said by the
Supreme Court in Donaldson v. Read Magazine, U.S.App. D.C., 68 S.Ct. 591, 597:

'Advertisements as a whole may be completely misleading although every sentence
separately considered is literally true.  This may be because things are omitted
that should be said, * * * .'

As we shall see hereafter, this doctrine is specifically [**24]  incorporated in
the statute now under consideration.  See 21 U.S.C.A. 321(n), infra.

4.  There Was No Error in the Admission of Evidence of Misleading Material Not
Part of the Labeling

The appellant complains tht the appellee sought to show that its 'lay witnesses'
had been misled by material that was not  [*419]  part of the labeling seized.
Particular criticism is directed against the questioning of 'witness after
witness' regarding a newspaper advertisement in which Anna Pautz invited persons
suffering from arthritis, neuritis, rheumatism, sciatica and lumbago to
communicate with her; and also regarding a letter in her handwriting and with
her signature, stating that she had been benefited by using Nue-Ovo.  The
appellant concedes that testimony showed that the letter in each instance that
it was sent out had not been written personally by Mrs. Pautz, but was the
reproduction of a letter originally written and signed by her.

To say that the appellant did not deal frankly with the public in connection
with the Pautz letter would be a distinct understatement.  Further details are
necessary to bring out the complete shadiness of this publicity project, which
in the oral argument [**25]  counsel for the appellant declined to defend.

Mrs. Pautz, who was 76 years old at the time she testified, became a stockholder
in the appellant about 1924, before using Nue-Ovo for arthritis. She testified
that it cured her.  She has never taken Neu-Ovo since 1923 or 1924.

Beginning in 1945, there appeared in Portland newspapers, and later in other
publications in the United States the following advertisement:

'Rheumatism and Arthritis

'I suffered for years and am so thankful that I am free from pain and able to do
my work that I will gladly answer any one writing me for information.  Mrs. Anna
Pautz, P.O. Box 825, Vancouver, Wash.

'D. Adv. Neu-Ovo Laboratories, 403 N.W., 9th Ave., Portland 9, Ore.'

At first, Mrs. Pautz financed the running of the advertisement and the rental of
the post office box out of her own funds.  Later, however, according to Mrs.
Feldman's testimony, the appellant apparently took over the advertising costs,
through a block advertising agency:

'Mrs. Pautz is quite an old lady, and a very sweet old soul.  When I found she
was running it, I certainly wouldn't permit her to pay for it.'

A month or two after the advertisement first appeared, in a Portland [**26]
newspaper, Mrs. Pautz composed and wrote out the letter in question, no one
helping her with it.  Her motive for doing so was just because she 'wanted to
help somebody'.

The letter contained the salutation 'Dear Friend,' and advised sufferers from
arthritis and rheumatism to visit or write to the appellant's headquarters.  In
the letter Mrs. Pautz gave the Vancouver post office box as her mail address.

Mrs. Pautz testified that at the time she wrote the letter, she did not own any
stock in the appellant, having sold her shares to one of her sisters.

Mrs. Pautz actually lives in Portland, which has been her home for fifty-eight
years.  The evidence adduced by the appellant as to why Mrs. Pautz gave the
Vancouver address is contradictory.  Mrs. Pautz herself testified that she never
used the Vancouver box for her personal mail and that Vancouver was selected-

'Because there is a girl working in the laboratories at Vancouver, Washington,
and she could pick up the mail and bring it to the laboratories.'

Mrs. Feldman gave a different explanation of the Vancouver arrangements.  She
testified that the appellant has a contract with a transfer company to pick up
the mail from the Vancouver [**27]  box and take it to Portland, where, as we
have seen, both Mrs. Pautz and the appellant have their domiciles.  The replies
to the letters thus received are then carted back to Vancouver and mailed there,
by 'that same man that brings the letters'.

When she was asked why this round-about way of handling Mrs. Pautz's mail is
employed, Mrs. Feldman repeatedly gave this cryptic reply:

'Because it is convenient.'

The handwritten letter of Mrs. Pautz was mimeographed and sent out directly from
the appellant's laboratories without any notation or other disclosure to the
addressee that it is being sent from the appellant's headquarters, or that the
appellant has had it mimeographed.  The envelopes in which the Pautz letters are
sent  [*420]  out are addressed in handwriting, although all the other
correspondence of the appellant goes out in typed envelopes.

The evidence on this point makes it quite clear that it was the appellant's
intention to have the recipients of the Pautz letters believe that Mrs. Pautz
herself had written each individual letter and had mailed it at Vancouver.

After Mrs. Pautz's letter was sent out, the office of the appellant customarily
mailed to those answering [**28]  her advertisement a letter in which it was
stated that Mr. and Mrs. Pautz usually have some Nue-Ovo 'on hand ant take it
for a time every Spring as more or less of general tonic.' This statement is in
direct contradiction to Mrs. Pautz's testimony that she had not used Nue-Ovo
since 1923 or 1924.

Both sides agree that 'the question of good faith and the question of intent is
not involved' in this case; that 'the Government does not have to show a
fraudulent intent on the part of the shipper or manufacturer'; and that,
'conversely, if it is shown that the product proceeded against is adulterated or
misbranded, then good faith or a lawful intent will not constitute a defense'.

Prior to 1938, when the present Food, Drug, and Cosmetic law was enacted, the
statute did provide that an untrue statement in the labeling of a drug product
had to be 'false and fraudulent' in order to render the product subject to
condemnation for misbranding.  [HN6] Section 10 of the 1927 edition of 21
U.S.C.A. read in part as follows:

'Sec. 10.  Misbranded articles.  For the purposes of sections 1 to 15,
inclusive, of this title, an article shall be deemed to be misbranded;

'Drugs.  In case of drugs:

'False statement [**29]  of curative or therapeutic effect.- Third.  If its
package or label shall bear or contain any statement, design, or device
regarding the curative or therapeutic effect of such article or any of the
ingredients or substances contained therein, which is false and fraudulent.'

[HN7] The present law requires only that the labeling be 'false or misleading in
any particular' in order to bring the drug within the definition of
'misbranded'.  21 U.S.C.A.  § 352(a).

This does not mean, however, that under the present law the appellee, in
presenting to the jury a fair and complete picture of the claimant's activities,
must sedulously avoid adducing any evidence of fraud.  As the appellee points
out-

'In the instant case, the jury had the right to know that whatever propensity
the purchasers of Nue-Ovo might have had to analyze had been reduced to a
minimum by the groundwork laid by Appellant.  In determining whether the
labeling suggests to the user that Neu-Ovo is effective in the treatment of
arthritis, rheumatism, neuritis, sciatica, and lumbago, we submit that it was
proper for the jury to consider the labeling representations in the light of the
setting in which the manufacturer intended [**30]  the user to read them.'

It is well settled that the 1938 act was intended to make the provisions against
misbranding stricter and not more lenient than they had been in pre-existing
laws.  The new statute was not designed to provide the misbrander of drugs with
additional technical loopholes for escape but to batten down those already
existing.

The evidence of the Congressional intent, as construed by the Supreme Court of
the United States, is impressive.  In United States v. Dotterweich, 320 U.S.
277, 280-282, 64 S.Ct. 134, 136, 88 L.Ed. 48, the court said:

'The Food and Drugs Act of 1906 was an exertion by Congress of its power to keep
impure and adulterated food and drugs out of the channels of commerce.  By the
Act of 1938, Congress extended the range of its control over illicit and noxious
articles and stiffened the penalties for disobedience.  The purposes of this
legislation thus touch phases of the lives and health of people which, in the
circumstances of modern industrialism, are largely beyond self-protection.
Regard for these purposes should infuse construction of the legislation if it is
to be treated as a working instrument of government and not  [*421]  merely
[**31]  as a collection of English words.  The prosecution to which Dotterweich
was subjected is based on a now familiar type of legislation whereby penalties
serve as effective means of regulation.  Such legislation dispenses with the
conventional requirement for criminal conduct- awareness of some wrongdoing.  In
the interest of the larger good it puts the burden of acting at hazard upon a
person otherwise innocent but standing in responsible relation to a public
danger.  And so it is clear that shipments like those now in issue are 'punished
by the statute if the article is misbranded (or adulterated), and that the
article may be misbranded (or adulterated) without any conscious fraud at all.
It was natural enough to throw this risk on shippers with regard to the identity
of their wares * * * .' United States v. Johnson, 221 U.S. 488, 497, 498, 31
S.Ct. 627, 628, 55 L.Ed. 823.

' * * * Nothing is clearer than that the later legislation was designed to
enlarge and stiffen the penal net and not to narrow and loosen it.  This purpose
was unequivocally avowed by the two committees which reported the bills to the
Congress.  The House Committee reported that the Act 'seeks to set up effective
[**32]  provisions against abuses of consumer welfare growing out of
inadequacies in the Food and Drugs Act of June 30, 1906'.  (H.  Rep. No. 2139,
75th Cong., 3d Sess., p. 1) And the Senate Committee explicitly pointed out that
the new legislation 'must not weaken the existing laws', but on the contrary 'it
must strengthen and extend that law's protection of the consumer.' (S.Rep. No.
152, 75th Cong., 1st Sess., p. 1)'

Furthermore,  [HN8] the Act is remedial, and should be liberally construed so as
to carry out its beneficent purposes.  In United States v. 95 Barrels of
Vinegar, 265 U.S. 438, 442, 443, 44 S.Ct. 529, 531, 68 L.Ed. 1094, the court
said:

'The statute is plain and direct.  Its comprehensive terms condemn every
statement, design and device which may mislead or deceive. Deception may result
from the use of statements not technically false or which may be literally true.
The aim of the statute is to prevent that resulting from indirection and
ambiguity, as well as from statements which are false.  It is not difficult to
choose statements, designs, and devices which will not deceive.  Those which are
ambiguous and liable to mislead should be read favorably to the accomplishment
of the [**33]  purpose of the act.' 3

We do not think that we would be construing the statute in accordance with the
Congressional purposes if we were to hold that it was reversible error for the
appellee to be allowed to introduce evidence regarding the 'indirection'
employed by the appellant in connection with the shuttling of the Pautz mail
back and forth between Vancouver and Portland, Oregon.  One would have to be
quite naive not to discern in this subterfuge, the thinly disguised purpose of
causing the public to believe that there was no connection between the appellant
and Mrs. Pautz.

It is true that the letter was not part of the labeling. It was, however, part
and parcel of the appellant's questionable promotional methods, some of which
were reflected in the labels, as was amply disclosed by the evidence to which we
have referred in the preceding section.  It was not error for the court below to
permit the appellee to lay before the jury the entire picture.

5.  There Was No Error in the Instruction Regarding the Test to be Applied in
Determining Whether the Labeling Is Misleading

The appellant complains that the 'error' in the admission in evidence of the
Pautz letter and advertisement,  [**34]  supra, was  [*422]  'compounded' when
the court instructed the jury on  [HN9] 21 U.S.C.A.  § 321(n).  That subsection
reads as follows:

'(n) If an article is alleged to be misbranded because the labeling is
misleading, then in determining whether the labeling is misleading there shall
be taken into account (among other things) not only representations made or
suggested by statement, word, design, device, or any combination thereof, but
also the extent to which the labeling fails to reveal facts material in the
light of such representations or material with respect to consequences which may
result from the use of the article to which the labeling relates under the
conditions of use prescribed in the labeling thereof or under such conditions of
use as are customary or usual.'

The objection is not that the instruction as to this subsection was erroneous
per se, but that the error lay in giving any instruction as to that provision of
the statute.  The appellant contends that 'the instant libels make no general
charge of misbranding under which the appellee is entitled to rely upon Section
201(n) of the Act, (21 U.S.C.A. § 321(n)) supra,' but that the present charge is
'merely that the [**35]  product is not effective.' 'Certainly,' it is argued,
'no reference to Section 201(n) appears in any of the pleadings or the pretrial
order,' etc.

In making this attack upon the court's instruction as to the subsection in
question, the appellant seems to forget the half-truths in the labeling to which
we have referred in a preceding section herein.  It will be remembered that,
though the appellant announced in its label that its 'Analysis of Ingredients'
was based chiefly on the United States Dispensatory, the Pharmacopoeia, and
various textbooks, and although it did indeed quote verbatim from some of these
authorities, it unfairly omitted unfavorable comments regarding some of
Nue-Ovo's ingredients.

It was to cover precisely such tricky omissions and suppressions that Section
321(n) was designed.

Furthermore,  [HN10] in any case where 'an article is alleged to be misbranded
because the labeling is misleading' in any respect, it is made mandatory by Sec.
321(n) itself that the jury 'shall' take into account such omissions or
suppressions.  In the instant case, the third agreed issue in the pretrial order
was 'Whether or not the product is misbranded by reason of the labeling'.  In
the libels [**36]  themselves, it is set forth that the article 'was misbranded
* * * in that the statements * * * are false and misleading in this,' etc.

Accordingly, it was not only not erroneous for the court to instruct the jury on
Sec. 321(n), but, under the facts of this case and under the terms of the
subsection itself, it was the court's duty to do so.

6.  The Court Did Not Abuse Its Discretion in Refusing to Release the Product
Under Bond

Finally, the appellant asserts that, even if this court should hold 'that the
verdict may be construed as finding merely mislabeling consisting of the failure
to disclose the difference of opinion among the experts,' etc., then 'fairness
to appellant requires the release of the product under bond to permit amendment
of the labeling and the (lower) court's denial of appellant's motion for the
relief is an abuse of discretion,' etc.

As we have tried to show, however, the appellee's evidence was not confined to
'opinion among the experts', but was definitely factual.

In denying the application for the release of Nue-Ovo under bond, the court
below said:

' * * * (Nue-Ovo) hasn't any intrinsic value for food or for uses other than a
medicinal use.  The jury [**37]  has determined that it hasn't any value for
that purpose, so it would be inconsistent, it seems to me, for me to hold that
it should be preserved and released to the claimant.'

It is well settled that  [HN11] the trial court, in a case of this kind, shall
exercise its sound discretion as to whether the article shall be released under
bond.  United States v. Two Cans of Oil of Sweet Birch, etc., D.C.N.Y., 268 F.
866, 867; United States v. 143 Packages, etc., of Nue-Ovo, D.C.Wash., 51 F.Supp.
1, 2; United States  [*423]  v. 1322 Cans, More or Less, of Black Raspberry
Puree, D.C.Ohio, 68 F. Supp. 881, 882.

After careful consideration of the 1100-page record in this case, we are
convinced that the court below exercised its discretion soundly and judiciously.
We believe that the interests of the public will be better subserved by having
this product kept off of the market altogether.

The judgments are affirmed.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1.  See also Irwin v. Federal Trade Commission, 8 Cir., 143 F.2d 316, 324;
Charles of the Ritz Distributors Corporation v. Federal Trade Commission, 2
Cir., 143 F.2d 676, 678, 679.

2.  See also 28 C.J.S. id.
[**38]

3.  See also United States v. Dotterweich, supra, 320 U.S. at page 282, 64 S.Ct.
134; United States v. Antikamnia Co., 231 U.S. 654, 667, 34 S.Ct. 222, 58 L.Ed.
419; United States v. John J. Fulton Co., 9 Cir., 33 F.2d 506, 507; United
States v. 62 Packages, More or Less, of Marmola Prescription Tablets, D.C.Wis.,
48 F.Supp. 878, 887, affirmed, 7 Cir., 142 F.2d 107, certiorari denied, Raladom
v. United States, 323 U.S. 731, 732, 65 S.Ct. 68, 89 L.Ed. 587; 50
Am.Jur.,Statutes, Sec. 395, page 420.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


                              213 of 221 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2004 Fordham University School of Law
                       Fordham International Law Journal

                                   June, 2004

                           27 Fordham Int'l L.J. 2007

LENGTH: 18794 words

NOTE: THE OBSTACLES TO REGULATING THE HAWALA: A CULTURAL NORM OR A TERRORIST
HOTBED?*

NAME: Rachana Pathak**

BIO: * Author's Note: There is little reliable information on hawala networks as
few comprehensive studies have been conducted. Due to the lack of academic
material and case law, this Note relies heavily on the following sources: 1)
U.S. Congressional hearings and Interpol reports for law enforcement
perspectives; 2) International Monetary Fund and World Bank reports for economic
perspectives; and 3) news articles based on anecdotal perspectives.

** J.D. Candidate, 2004, Fordham University School of Law; M.A., School of
Oriental and African Studies, University of London; B.A., Cornell University. My
deepest gratitude to the ILJ editors -- especially Michele Totah -- for their
editorial assistance, to Parag Pathak for his instructive comments, to Carl
Stoll for his encouragement, and to Alexander Boldizar and Kate Johnson for
their feedback.

TEXT:
 [*2007]

   INTRODUCTION

 In its efforts to stymie the flow of funds for terrorists, the U.S. government
has, since September 11th, put a halt to many hawala operations. n1 As the Al
Barakaat, Alshafei, and Albanna cases show, however, these actions have
needlessly sideswiped many civilians with no terrorist involvement, resulting in
financial damages and civil rights violations. n2 The U.S. government  [*2008]
needs to reassess its understanding and treatment of hawala, n3 a longstanding
method of money transfer for Middle Eastern and South Asian countries that
offers its users many advantages. n4

   This Note examines the complex mechanics of hawala networks. n5 Part I
provides information regarding their origins, scope and reasons for continued
existence. Part II contrasts the U.S. approach to regulating hawala networks
through the USA PATRIOT Act n6 and Operation Green Quest, n7 with the U.A.E.'s
[*2009]  approach, which is resistant to some of the American-led efforts. Part
II also reviews three separate Green Quest actions: 1) Al Barakaat, an expansive
Somalia-based organization through which Somalia's diaspora sent cash to
families abroad; 2) Hussein Alshafei, an Iraqi American, who operated a money
service business to Iraq; and 3) Mohammed Albanna, a Yemeni-American, based in
Lackawanna, New York, who operated a hawala service to Yemen. Part III is a
critical assessment of these American-led efforts to regulate hawala networks.

   This Note concludes that regulating hawala operations is indeed necessary,
but argues that some of the U.S. law enforcement efforts as in the Al Barakaat,
Alshafei, and Albanna cases are misguided. This Note proposes that the United
States actively develop region-specific hawala networks to compete with informal
systems. By offering tangible alternatives to convince people to switch to
institutionalized banking, the United States would be taking a more
international, culturally and economically sensitive approach.

   I. WHAT IS THE HAWALA: ORIGINS, EXPLANATION, AND SCOPE

 Although there is some dispute as to the origins of hawala networks, some
variation has existed for centuries. Its long history is a testament to its
effectiveness, as a hawala-type of money transfer system currently exists in
virtually every part of the world. n8 Such networks are cost-effective,
efficient, far-reaching, and reliable. n9 Today, such networks are used
primarily by diaspora communities, although there is concern that some sectors
of the population use hawala networks to launder money, evade  [*2010]  taxes,
traffic contraband, and fund terrorist activity. n10

   A. Origins of Hawala Networks

 The word hawala ([mg f:'fin50901.eps',w3.10,d1.4]) itself comes from Arabic and
has various translations including: "assignment," "change", "transform" or
"promissory note." n11 Although most of the literature terms the hawala broker a
"hawaladar," a more accurate translation is muhauwel-hawala ([mg
f:'fin50902.eps',w5.10,d1.5]). n12

   A hawala money transfer system exists in virtually every part of the world.
n13 The oldest of such systems, called the fei ch'ien, existed in China during
the Tang Dynasty, from 618-907A.D. n14 This money transfer system developed to
reduce the inconvenience of carrying currency and to facilitate the transfer of
funds  [*2011]  during the prospering tea trade, and was expanded to other
countries by Chinese emigrants. n15

   The precise antecedents of hawala in the Middle East are not well documented.
n16 One theory posits that Arab traders used it as a means of avoiding robbery
along the silk trading route. n17 Another theory holds that it is an extension
of the money transfer system in existence during the Mughal rule in India. n18
Still other theories hold that it originally developed from the hundi system as
a way for individuals to receive cash advances. n19 Regardless of its precise
origins, hawala networks have been integrated in various Middle Eastern and
Asian economies for centuries. n20

   B. Explanation of Hawala Networks

 There are many ways in which hawala networks operate. n21 In the simplest
hawala transaction, a hawala broker in one country,  [*2012]  takes money from a
customer and, for a fee, has an associate in another country dispense an equal
amount to the recipient. n22 The hawala brokers settle their debts with each
other daily, weekly, or monthly, often by a reverse transfer. n23 These
settlements are sometimes paid in gold. n24 Notably, the hawala brokers do not
physically exchange any money between themselves; rather, what moves is asset
and liability positions. n25 A more complex hawala transaction might involve
multiple hawala networks and multiple borders. n26

   Consider the case of Abdul, a Pakistani taxi driver living in New York. n27
He entered the United States on a tourist visa five  [*2013]  years ago, which
has since expired. n28 He has saved U.S.$ 5,000 and he wants to send it to his
brother in Karachi. n29 Abdul has several options: He could go to a bank, use a
money service business such as Western Union, or use a hawala. If Abdul chooses
to use a bank, he would probably have to first open an account with proper
identification, which might be difficult because of his expired visa. n30 In
addition, the bank could charge him the official exchange rate, an additional
charge of at least U.S.$ 30 to issue a bank draft to send the money abroad, and
it could also could take a week. n31

   Abdul might use a money service business such as Western Union instead, which
would also require proper identification. n32 Western Union limits the number of
transactions to Pakistan to U.S.$ 2,000 during each thirty-day period, charges
U.S.$ 39 for each transfer, charges another undisclosed exchange rate fee, and
takes five business days for the transaction. n33 Western Union would charge him
an exchange rate of fifty-six to the dollar, meaning that he pays U.S.$ 117 for
three transfers, plus the undisclosed exchange rate fee for the same
transaction. n34

   Another option for Abdul is to send money through a hawala broker. n35 Abdul
will be charged anywhere from a 0.25-  [*2014]  5% commission fee for the
transaction. n36 The hawala broker will provide Abdul with a number or code, n37
which Abdul will have to tell the recipient, his brother. n38 This hawala broker
will contact his associate in Pakistan via telephone, facsimile, or e-mail to
give the equal amount to Abdul's brother upon providing the correct code. n39
Using the hawala would allow Abdul to get a better exchange rate compared to
Citibank and Western Union, n40  [*2015]  and thus, send more money home. n41

   1. Efficiency

 If Abdul sends money through the hawala he receives a guarantee that the money
will be delivered more quickly. n42 Hawala networks are notably efficient, as a
hawala remittance can be completed in a matter of days or even hours in large
cities. n43 In contrast, banks or money service businesses usually take several
business days, and could involve additional delays due to holidays, weekends and
time differences. n44 Also, because there are many places without banks, hawala
networks fill a void. n45 Furthermore, some recipients are illiterate, and do
not know how to cash a check, operate a bank account, or sign for legitimately
wired money. n46

[*2016]

   2. Cost-Effectiveness

 The hawala network is cost-effective not only for the user, but also for the
operator, because many hawala brokers already conduct businesses where money
transfers are necessary. n47 Hawala brokers often operate out of an
import/export businesses, travel agencies, or jewelry shops. n48 These rented
storefronts have lower overhead costs because they are without vaults or alarm
systems. n49

   To illustrate a more complex transaction, Abdul will give U.S.$ 5,000 to a
hawala broker who runs an import/export business to send to a family member in
India. n50 This hawala broker will tell his contact in India to pay U.S.$ 5,000
to the Indian family and then under-invoice a shipment to her contact by sending
him U.S.$ 20,000 worth of telecommunications devices but only invoice him for
U.S.$ 15,000. n51 In this way, he is paying him the  [*2017]  U.S.$ 5,000 that
he owes him. n52 In order to move money from India to the United States, his
contact would over-invoice a shipment. n53 Using the existing business allows
the hawala brokers to create a paper record, which authenticates the transaction
and satisfies reporting requirements. n54

   3. Trust

 The primary features of hawala networks that distinguish it from other
remittance systems are trust n55 and the extensive use of family or regional
relationships. n56 A hawala broker in any given region or country tends to be
known to members of the same family, village, clan, or ethnic group and is
likely to speak the same language. n57 As one commentator noted, the
understanding  [*2018]  is, "You pay me here, my Uncle will pay you there." n58
Many expatriate communities, which tend to be predominantly male, will use a
trusted hawala broker, who is known in the village accountable to it and aware
of social norms to protect women from directly dealing with banks and other
institutions. n59 Any cheaters will usually be punished by ex-communication,
which is the equivalent of an economic death sentence. n60

   4. Lack of Paper Trail

 Unlike institutional banking, hawala networks make minimal use of written
records; rather, transfers of money take place based on verbal communications.
n61 Because it is rare for hawala brokers to keep records of individual
transactions, it is unlikely that either the sender or recipient will ever be
identified. n62 Remittances  [*2019]  recorded by hawala bankers are often
insubstantial and encrypted in the banker's personal handwriting. n63 Moreover,
many hawala networks are difficult to trace because they operate out of existing
businesses. n64

   Figure 1 below is a sample hawala bookkeeping record. n65 The first column is
the date of the transaction. n66 The second is the name of the hawala broker to
whom the debt is owed. The third column is the amount of the debt. n67 The
fourth and fifth columns indicate the dollar/rupee exchange rate in effect for
the transaction and the value of the transaction in dollars. n68 The sixth
column reflects the way in which the payment was made. n69  [*2020]  The
notation "52t" for Ganesh Trading represent fifty-two tolas of gold, possibly
used instead of remitting the money through a bank. n70

   Figure 1: Sample Hawala Bookkeeping Record

   [SEE FIGURE 1 IN ORIGINAL]

   C. Modern Scope of Hawala Networks

 Hawala networks in many countries are openly advertised, and legal. n71 But
given its unregulated nature, it is difficult to characterize these networks
generally. n72 They serve a diverse clientele,  [*2021]  and thrive in both rich
n73 and in less developed countries. n74

   Millions of immigrants, migrant workers, and refugees use hawala networks to
send money home to relatives. n75 According to the World Bank, the total value
of money remitted to developing countries in 2002 reached at least U.S.$ 80
billion, a figure double the aid provided by the combined total of government
aid, private bank lending and International Monetary Fund ("IMF") or World Bank
aid and assistance. n76 India and Mexico  [*2022]  were the largest recipients
of remittances from the United States, receiving U.S.$ 10 billion each. n77
Pakistan estimated that hawala networks could account for approximately U.S.$ 3
billion entering Pakistan, compared with only U.S.$ 1 billion via the formal
banking system. n78

   1. Infrastructure

 Hawala networks offer a service to those who cannot otherwise send money to
their relatives due to political situations n79 or weak infrastructure. n80 For
example, after the 1947 India-Pakistan  [*2023]  partition, currency exchange
between Pakistan and India was banned, and hawala, also called hundi n81 or
chitthi, n82 played a vital role. n83 During the Vietnam War, many Americans
used hawala to send money to the United States through Indian merchants in
Saigon. n84

   The Afghani population too, has internally relied on hawala for years,
especially because the country just opened its first international
private-sector bank able to take international transactions in September 2003.
n85 The U.S. government ironically, has found that the only effective way to
transfer funds into Afghanistan  [*2024]  to aid in its reconstruction is to use
existing hawala networks, e.g., no other financial infrastructure exists. n86 In
addition, many Iranian Americans depend on hawala networks to send money to
relatives in Iran because of sanction limitations. n87 In countries with these
types of infrastructure limitations, hawala services help residents of the
remitting country to send money, medicine and other goods to relatives. n88

   2. Capital Controls

 Several Middle Eastern and South Asian countries have laws that prohibit
capital flight, prohibit foreign exchange transactions at anything other than
the official rate of exchange, and impose strict licensing requirements on money
remitters and foreign exchange dealers. n89 One of the attractions of hawala
networks is to evade these regulations. n90 Thus, hawala networks  [*2025]
offer a ready means of moving money to bypass such regulations. n91 From the
government's perspective, this undermines the economy or at least the
government's economic plans, as the unregulated nature of hawala networks
translates into lost revenues and taxes and the increased potential for criminal
activity. n92

   3. Cultural-Religious Reasons

 Many people use hawala networks for cultural-religious reason because under
Islamic law, the use of certain banking systems is considered sinful if it makes
interest from money. n93 The Qu'ran encourages followers to build financial
relationships based on trust rather than contract. n94 Hawala networks then, are
[*2026]  used by millions of Muslims who are simply following Qu'ranic scripture
and cultural norms. n95 In other words, the hawala network is a financial system
governed by cultural values and religious tenets. n96

   4. Illegal Purposes, including Terrorism

 Finally, other sectors of the population use hawala networks for illegal
purposes. n97 Because they offer privacy and lack a paper trail, hawala networks
serve as vehicles to launder money, evade taxes, and traffic contraband. n98
U.S. law enforcement authorities have recently targeted hawala networks fearing
that they were being used by terrorist financing operations. n99 The  [*2027]
scrutiny on hawala networks became especially urgent after U.S. officials
discovered that several of the September 11th hijackers had received U.S.$
110,000 through a financial institution in the United Arab Emirates. n100

   While it is undisputed that Osama bin Laden's financial strength was a factor
in the execution of the September 11th attacks, n101 there is some debate as to
the extent of his reliance on hawala networks. n102 U.S. officials have
estimated the costs of executing  [*2028]  the September 11th attacks at
approximately U.S.$ 500,000. n103 But, much of the funding of Al Qaeda and other
terrorist networks was obtained legally. n104 Fund-raising activities of Al
Qaeda allegedly have run the gamut from ostrich farms and shrimp boats in Kenya,
to forestland in Turkey, to diamond trading in Africa and agricultural holdings
in Tajikistan. n105 Simply put, terrorists have used both institutionalized and
informal banking systems. n106

   II. REGULATING THE HAWALA

 Although there are a host of laws that attempt to regulate informal banking
systems in the United States, this Note only discusses post-September 11th
provisions in the USA PATRIOT Act. n107 U.S. law enforcement officials have used
USA PATRIOT Act provisions to regulate hawala networks in the Al Barakaat
[*2029]  case, the Alshafei case, and the Albanna case. n108 After September
11th, the United Arab Emirates also began to license and regulate hawala
networks. n109 There are, however, shortcomings in each State's respective laws,
policies, and practices. n110

   A. The Laws in the United States

   1. USA PATRIOT Act

 On October 26, 2001, six weeks after the September 11th attacks, President
George W. Bush signed into law the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of
2001, more commonly known as the USA PATRIOT Act. n111 The USA PATRIOT Act
recognizes that "money laundering, and the defects in financial transparency on
which money launderers rely, are critical to the financing of global terrorism
and the provision of funds for terrorist attacks." n112 Title III of the USA
PATRIOT Act, entitled the International Counter-Money Laundering and Financial
Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001, addresses illegal money laundering and terrorist
financing. n113

   Although the USA PATRIOT Act does not specifically use the term "hawala," it
implicates hawala networks in several provisions. n114  [*2030]  For instance,
it re-defines "financial institution," to include "any person that engages as a
business in the transmission of funds, including any person who engages as a
business through an informal money transfer system or any network of people who
engage as a business in facilitating the transfer of money domestically or
internationally outside of the conventional financial institutions system." n115
Under this definition, a hawala operation could now be considered a financial
institution and subject to various regulations and due diligence requirements.
n116

   In other words, the USA PATRIOT Act makes it unlawful to run an unlicensed
international money transmittal business, and eliminates the requirement that
the operator should have known about the licensing requirement. n117 Second, the
USA PATRIOT Act mandates that such financial institutions report cash
transactions of over U.S.$ 10,000 and complete suspicious activity reports
("SARs")for certain cash transfers. n118 Moreover, structuring the sum into
amounts less than U.S.$ 10,000 would be illegal. n119 Furthermore, the USA
PATRIOT Act requires certain financial institutions that operate outside of the
United States to conduct "special measures" of record-keeping and reporting.
n120  [*2031]  Finally, other provisions allow the United States to freeze
assets from hawala networks. n121 The proposed VICTORY Act n122 seeks to further
strengthen the USA PATRIOT Act.

   2. Operation Green Quest

 Operation Green Quest, a multi-agency financial enforcement task force formed
on October 25, 2001, augments the "existing counter-terrorist efforts by
bringing the full scope of the government's financial expertise to bear on
systems, individuals, and organizations that serve as sources of terrorist
funding." n123 As early as four months after the September 11th attacks,
Operation Green Quest agents made arrests and froze more than U.S.$ 80 million
in assets. n124 The United States also designated  [*2032]  over 315
terrorist-related entities and began freezing their assets. n125 Two years after
the attacks, more than U.S.$ 136.8 million has been frozen around the world due
in part to the efforts of Operation Green Quest. n126 The U.S. Treasury
Department claims that Al Qaeda's annual budget has shrunk to U.S.$ 5-10 million
from U.S.$ 35 million before September 11th. n127 As of July 31, 2003, however,
the U.S. government had only frozen U.S.$ 719,832 in Al Qaeda assets. n128

    [*2033]  Despite these successes, critics have argued that the USA PATRIOT
Act provisions n129 and Operation Green Quest efforts n130 are inadequate to
regulate hawala networks. First of all, financial institutions are already
saddled with enormous financial reporting and due diligence requirements. n131
Moreover, even with the extra reporting requirements, some critics have  [*2034]
posited that the new USA PATRIOT Act provisions would not have prevented the
September 11th disaster. n132 Because the nineteen hijackers had opened
twenty-four domestic bank accounts at four different banks with deposits
averaging between U.S.$ 3,000 and U.S.$ 5,000, well below the U.S.$ 10,000
reporting requirement limit, a financial institution would not have detected
anything. n133 Furthermore, there was reportedly no unusual activity in those
accounts that would have alerted authorities under even the most intense
scrutiny. n134

   Law enforcement authorities, too, will have to process a monumental amount of
paperwork from these financial institutions. n135 Even if they rely on SARs,
they will have difficulty in detecting terrorist activity. n136 Furthermore,
critics hold that financial  [*2035]  institutions are not well trained at
distinguishing between money laundering and terrorist financing. n137

   Finally, many hawala brokers simply will not register without stronger
incentives. n138 Notably, other countries such as India, where hawala use is
illegal but rampant, have been unsuccessful in regulating it. n139 Thus, while
the United States mandates additional compliance and identification verification
measures, critics have argued that the new requirements fail to convince people
to switch to the formal banking system. n140

[*2036]

   B. The Laws in the United Arab Emirates

 In the United Arab Emirates, a federation of seven independent States, there
are fifty banks to serve three million residents. n141 Within Dubai alone, there
are at least 113 money exchange stations, and eighty unlicensed but legal hawala
operators recognized and legitimately used. n142 One reason for hawala's
popularity in the United Arab Emirates is the large expatriate population who
uses hawala networks to send money home. n143

   The U.S. Treasury Department has specifically identified Dubai, Pakistan, and
India as the "hawala triangle," because people living in these regions rely
heavily on hawala networks. n144 After September 11th, the United States heavily
scrutinized U.A.E. hawala networks because two of the hijackers, Mohammed Atta
and Marwan Al Shehhi, reportedly received more than U.S.$ 120,000 from banks in
the United Arab Emirates in 2000. n145 Furthermore, the United States has
focused on the  [*2037]  United Arab Emirates because it, along with Pakistan
and Saudi Arabia, had diplomatic ties with the Taliban government. n146

   In response to this heightened scrutiny, the United Arab Emirates has
implemented new banking rules and regulations. n147 Despite American scrutiny
however, the United Arab Emirates has been resistant to Western regulatory
efforts. n148 In fact, the U.A.E. Central Bank Governor Sultan bin Nasser Al
Suwaidi has continued to openly defend the legitimacy of hawala networks. n149
Al Suwaidi denies that the United Arab Emirates is solely to blame for the
financing of the September 11th terror attacks, and alleges that the United
States is equally to blame because it failed to detect suspicious currency
transactions even with its high-tech banking system. n150

   On May 4, 2002, the United Arab Emirates participated in a regional financial
conference with over 300 international delegates and adopted the "Abu Dhabi
Declaration on Hawala." n151  [*2038]  This declaration recognized the "positive
aspects" of hawala networks in that it "provides a fast and cost effective
method for worldwide remittance of money," and called for "effective but not
overly restrictive" regulation. n152 Furthermore, it noted that, "the
international community should continue to work individually and collectively to
regulate the Hawala system for legitimate commerce and to prevent its
exploitation or misuse by criminals and others." n153 Relying on this
declaration, the United Arab Emirates formally institutionalized hawala networks
in 2002. n154 As part of the first steps, the United Arab Emirates issued
licenses to fifty-five hawala brokers. n155

   In one sense, this institutionalization of hawala in the United Arab Emirates
is no different than the regulation in the United States, as both countries wish
to make hawala transactions more transparent. n156 The difference, however, lies
in their  [*2039]  sentiments; namely, the United Arab Emirate's approach
clashes with that of mainstream U.S. law enforcement. n157 For instance, the
United Arab Emirates has openly voiced its support of and recognizes the need
for hawala networks. n158 It has even developed a national hawala-type system
explicitly to enable its Somali population to transfer money and other goods to
Somalia. n159 In contrast, the United States has sought to shut down hawala
networks such as the Al Barakaat. n160

   Regulating hawala networks is dependent on collaborative  [*2040]  work with
multiple countries and jurisdictions. n161 But, as the situation in the United
Arab Emirates demonstrates, different Nations do not necessarily agree on the
best regulatory methods. n162 At the most basic level, Nations disagree as to
the degree of connection between hawala networks and terrorism. n163
Furthermore, there are practical enforcement considerations, given that most
banks' staff in the United Arab Emirates are South Asian  [*2041]  immigrant
workers on tenuous contracts, n164 who might not necessarily want to press the
wealthy locals for documentation. n165 It is unclear what action the United
States will take if countries refuse to take the steps that it demands. n166

   C. Specific Hawala Cases

 As mentioned above, both the United States and the United Arab Emirates have
increased efforts to license hawala networks after September 11th. n167 The U.S.
government sought to regulate hawala networks through the shutdown of the Al
Barakaat hawala, and the prosecution of Hussein Ashafei and Mohammed Albanna.
n168

[*2042]

   1. Al Barakaat Hawala

 Al Barakaat was a Somalia-based organization with outlets in Europe and North
America through which Somalia's diaspora sent cash to their families. n169 While
the company began as a money transfer operation (hawala), Al Barakaat grew into
a major telecommunications and construction enterprise that even generated
electric power and provided internet connection in Somalia. n170 Al Barakaat
employed 1,300 people, making it the largest employer in one of the poorest
countries worldwide. n171 Because Somalia's banking system is weak, Somali
emigrants heavily rely on hawala networks to send money to their relatives. n172
A U.N. report estimates that the Somali diaspora sent up to U.S.$ 1 billion to
Somalia and neighboring regions each year, making the money sent from relatives
abroad Somalia's largest single source of income. n173

    [*2043]  After September 11th, the U.S. government identified Al Barakaat as
a major financial operation that supported terrorist organizations. n174
According to the U.S. government, Al Barakaat's worldwide network channeled as
much as U.S.$ 15 to U.S.$ 20 million to Al Qaeda each year. n175 The United
States alleged that Al Barakaat was founded by Osama bin Laden associate Ahmed
Nur Ali Jim'ale, who became close to bin Laden during the Afghan war against the
Soviet Union. n176 On November 7, 2001, less than two months after the September
11th attacks, U.S. federal agents raided storefront businesses in four states.
n177 As part of that action, the U.S. government included Al Barakaat on a list
of organizations accused of funneling money to terrorists, and seized U.S.$ 1.9
million in assets. n178

   As a result of the Al Barakaat shutdown, the United States disrupted what was
potentially a major flow of funds to terrorist groups. n179 By freezing the
assets they were able to deny potential  [*2044]  terrorists opportunities to
travel, communicate, procure equipment, and conduct attacks. n180 Additionally,
they were able to punish non-terrorists, who had conducted illegal money
transfers, evaded tax payments, or had structured transactions. n181 The
shutdown also encouraged many hawala brokers to register or license their
operations. n182

   On the other hand, critics have maintained that the complete shutdown of Al
Barakaat needlessly disrupted a major source of income for many innocent people.
n183 Thousands who invested in branches of Al Barakaat had their money seized
indefinitely, as did those who simply put their savings in Al Barakaat banks.
n184 Many countries and organizations, including the United Nations, have been
critical of this shutdown. n185

    [*2045]  Critics also point out that the evidence linking Al Barakaat to
terrorism is more tenuous than at first suspected. n186 Despite freezing
millions of U.S. dollars, there have been only four related criminal
prosecutions, none of which involve charges involving terrorist activity. n187
U.S. investigators have been sifting through voluminous documents, many of them
small remittances from Somali refugees to their relatives. n188 There have even
been cases in which the U.S. government has erroneously frozen assets. n189

    [*2046]  Finally, it is noteworthy that although U.S. authorities alleged
that the Al Barakaat shutdown deprived the Al Qaeda terrorist network of a vital
financial conduit, the network is still alive in some European cities, and new
networks have reportedly taken its place. n190 One theory as to why such
organizations cannot be effectively shut down is that decentralized, small-scale
operations moved relatively small sums of cash. n191 The resilience of this
hawala network calls into question one of the biggest successes the United
States has claimed in the offensive against terrorism. n192

   2. Hussein Alshafei, Iraqi-American, Based in Seattle Uses Hawala

 In another Operation Green Quest effort, customs officials arrested an
Iraqi-American, Hussein Alshafei, in January 2002 for violation of the embargo,
alleging that he transferred more than U.S.$ 12 million to Iraq and other
countries in the Middle East over two and a half years. n193 For a 4-6% fee,
Iraqi-Americans deposited money into his business called Alshafei Family
Connect, and through agents in Jordan, Alshafei transferred the money to the
intended recipients in Iraq. n194 Prosecutors acknowledged that Alshafei's
hawala had no terrorist connections, and that the vast majority of Alshafei's
customers were motivated by their concerns for the welfare of relatives in Iraq.
n195

    [*2047]  One noteworthy feature in this case is Alshafei's purpose in
operating the hawala. n196 Shortly after Saddam Hussein took power in 1979,
Hussein executed Alshafei's father and uncle. n197 Alshafei was a Shiite Muslim
that participated in the 1991 uprising against Hussein, and fled Iraq shortly
after the 1991 Gulf War. n198 Because U.S. sanctions made it difficult to
conduct legal financial transactions in Iraq, Alshafei started his hawala
service. n199 He believed that he was conducting a humanitarian service because
he was able to provide food, medicine and health care to Iraqis. n200
Eventually, Alshafei pled guilty to one count of money laundering and admitted
that he had lied on his federal income-tax returns, and was sentenced to eight
months in prison and fined U.S.$ 5,000. n201 In determining his sentence, the
court recognized his background and life as an Iraqi expatriate. n202

   There has been an outpouring of community support for Alshafei. n203 Critics
have argued that he was justified in operating  [*2048]  his hawala service
because of perceived unfair sanctions. n204 Others have argued that the Alshafei
case represents selective enforcement of U.S. sanctions laws because many large
corporations have received civil penalties instead of criminal penalties for
violating sanctions or trade embargoes. n205 For example, Ikea, the Swedish home
furnishings company, paid U.S.$ 8,000 for importing about U.S.$ 14,000 worth of
rugs from an area of Afghanistan controlled by the Taliban, and Tyson Foods paid
U.S.$ 150,000 for shipping chicken to Iraq. n206

   3. Mohammad Albanna, Yemeni-American, Based in Lackawanna Uses Hawala

 Operation Green Quest agents also arrested Mohammed Albanna in Lackawanna, New
York on December 17, 2002 for running an unlicensed hawala. n207 Albanna was
charged with using a hawala to illegally transfer U.S.$ 3.5 million to Yemen
between November 2001 and December 2002. n208 He allegedly failed to  [*2049]
file the required paperwork in transmitting sums of more than U.S.$ 10,000. n209
Furthermore, he was not registered in the state of New York or with the U.S.
Treasury Department, as the USA PATRIOT Act requires. n210 His alleged crime is
punishable by up to ten years in prison. n211

   Albanna has been a U.S. citizen for twenty-seven years, a resident of the
Buffalo area since 1970, and has not left the United States for twenty years.
n212 Notably, Albanna is the uncle of Jaber Elbaneh, who was an unindicted
co-conspirator in the Lackawanna Six case, and publicly supported them before
their convictions. n213 Prosecutors concede that none of the money Albanna sent
to Yemen was used to fund terrorism. n214

   Albanna's status and ties to the community n215 have engendered vocal support
and sharp criticism against the U.S. government. n216 His supporters say that he
was merely following the traditional Yemeni practice of sending money back home,
something that has been quietly tolerated by the government for decades. n217
Civil liberties groups have weighed in on such guilt-by-  [*2050]  association
prosecutions reminiscent of the racial profiling of other unpopular groups in
times of war. n218 Similar charges were brought against Yemeni-Americans in
Detroit, but they were dropped one year later. n219 Most recently, one
Denver-based federal judge struck down the USA PATRIOT Act provision that deals
with unlicensed money transfer systems as unconstitutional. n220 The case
against Albanna is presently pending. n221

[*2051]

   III: THE OBSTACLES TO REGULATING THE HAWALA: A CULTURAL NORM OR A TERRORIST
HOTBED?

 The events of September 11, 2001 paved the way for stricter regulation of
financial institutions through the new USA PATRIOT Act provisions and Operation
Green Quest raids. n222 Law enforcement officials consider regulating hawala
networks necessary because its unregulated nature, in particular, makes it an
appealing option for money launderers, smugglers, and even terrorists. n223
Licensing and regulating hawala networks also help bring more money into State
economies. n224 At present, it is impossible to accurately gauge the magnitude
of hawala use worldwide, but it is fair to state that hawala transactions run in
the billions. n225 While the above cases are not necessarily representative of
all of Operation Green Quest's efforts, they do raise several issues for
consideration.

   A. Socioeconomic-cultural Defense

 All three of the cases mentioned above prompted community outrage over the
persecution of hawala networks. n226 In the Albanna case, many in the
Yemeni-American community expressed their belief that Albanna had engaged in
humanitarian work rather than criminal activity. n227 In the Alshafei case, many
community members believed that Alshafei was providing a public service to
counteract the limits imposed by perceived unfair sanctions. n228 The Al
Barakaat hawala shutdown had the largest  [*2052]  effect, freezing the assets
of thousands of innocent people. n229 To these community members, failing to
register or license a hawala business hardly appeared to be criminal conduct.
n230

   Hawala networks serve an essential function and many recent immigrants and
refugees choose hawala networks over formal banking systems because they are
less expensive, more efficient, broader in reach, and free of extensive
paperwork. n231 From the perspective of many immigrants, hawala networks are a
longstanding cultural norm rather than a criminal offense. n232

   Indeed, there is a greater likelihood that the U.S. government will be able
to interrupt terrorist financing, money laundering and other criminal activity
by shutting down hawala networks. n233 Prosecutions of unlicensed hawala
businesses send a clear message that such activity is unacceptable, and this
increased awareness could result in diminished use of these unlicensed networks.
n234 On the other hand, the rash response that spurred law enforcement to
completely shut down Al Barakaat was disproportionate to the threat it posed.
n235 As yet, there have been no terrorism-related hawala prosecutions as a
result of the shutdown. n236 It would have been more effective and less
disruptive if the United States had examined the accounts, investigated the
owners, and sent intelligence units to the United Arab Emirates to find those
with potential terrorist connections. n237 In that way, the United States might
have wreaked less havoc in the lives  [*2053]  of ordinary people. n238

   It is highly unlikely that individuals will stop using hawala networks to
send money to their home countries. n239 The Alshafei case in particular,
reflects the reality that people will find ways to send money despite sanctions.
n240 Ultimately, the only way to compete with hawala businesses is to reduce the
economic incentives to use them. n241

   B. Selective Law Enforcement

 All three of the above-mentioned cases, while not necessarily representative,
involve Muslim Americans, and demonstrate the anti-Islamic guilt-by-association
that became the norm after September 11th. n242 Alshafei was Iraqi, n243 and
Albanna was related to one defendant in the Lackawanna Six case. n244 In
addition, the Alshafei case arguably illustrates the disparate treatment of
small businesses and that of corporations that violate U.S. trade embargoes.
n245

   While arguments for racial profiling, or religious or national origin
profiling, might be justified as a law enforcement tool, it is important to
consider the couple whose door was broken down by mistake at dawn, the old man
who had a gun pointed at his head or the women whose husbands disappeared into
detention. n246 It is even questionable whether such profiling is effective in
detecting terrorist funding, given that no prosecutions of hawala brokers
involved in terrorism have taken place  [*2054]  despite three years of intense
scrutiny. n247

   Focusing on Muslim hawala brokers provides a false sense of security that the
United States is making progress on the war on terror. n248 As mentioned above,
many diaspora communities, not just Middle Easterners, use hawala networks to
send money to family and relatives abroad. n249 Law enforcement officials
vigorously zeroed in on Muslim Americans, n250 although hawala and
hawala-networks do not belong exclusively to any one ethnic group. n251

   C. International Cooperation

 Given that a hawala transaction, by definition, involves borders, regulating it
requires international cooperation. n252 Hawala transactions are conducted
through code words that the U.S. law enforcement officials may not have the
language expertise to decipher. n253 Hawala transactions entail no direct
physical movement of money, so linking the illegal transactions to couriers
would be virtually impossible. n254 Moreover, hawala brokers might merely be
links in an intricate network and while they know their immediate contacts, they
are not necessarily aware of all the involved parties. n255 Attempts to regulate
hawala networks without the consensus and input of operators, users,
intermediaries, and recipient Nations are not be likely to succeed. n256

    [*2055]  Moreover, the assumption that hawala networks should be more
internally regulated does not necessarily ring true in some parts of the world.
n257 As discussed above, the United Arab Emirates openly defends the legitimacy
of hawala networks. n258 It has attempted an approach that takes divergent
economic and cultural realities into account, n259 in contrast to the American
black and white shutdown of Al Barakaat. n260 These conflicting attitudes pose
obstacles for better hawala regulation.

   Furthermore, countries believed to be at the epicenter of Al Qaeda's
re-emerging network, including Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen are, at best,
years away from establishing the financial and legal infrastructures needed to
license, regulate, and freeze terrorist assets. n261 As mentioned above,
Afghanistan, a country that has relied on hawala for years, just opened its
first international private-sector bank in September 2003. n262 While this bank
will be able to take deposits and perform international money transfers, the
World Bank is skeptical about the prospects of having legitimately-licensed and
monitored hawala in Afghanistan. n263 The U.S.-led efforts do not adequately
consider the fact that many countries simply lack the resources and
infrastructure to effectively regulate hawala networks. n264 The problem, then,
is whether the USA PATRIOT Act requirements are appropriate for such
economically deprived countries. While the United States mandates elaborate
compliance and identification verification measures, these measures fail to
reflect the reality that  [*2056]  they can be implemented in other countries
quickly. n265

   Still another problem is that the PATRIOT Act regulations and Operation Green
Quest efforts have alienated needed partners such as the United Arab Emirates.
n266 The governor of the U.A.E. Central Bank publicly criticized the United
States, saying that it had failed to build the necessary global coalition by not
sharing information or offering enough financial and technical assistance to
developing Nations. n267 European countries, too, have been critical of U.S.-led
efforts. n268 The United States, through its PATRIOT Act, forces its provisions
on other countries rather than taking a diplomatic approach, n269 thereby
hindering efforts at building international cooperation. n270 It is probable
that some of the efforts will worsen the increasingly tense relationship between
the United States and certain parts of the world, which in turn will hamper
regulatory attempts. n271

   No efforts to regulate this inherently international problem will be
effective without coordinated international action. n272 It makes little sense
to have one law for the hawala remitter and a separate one for the hawala
recipient country. n273 At present, the U.S.-led efforts do not adequately
consider the fact that many countries simply do not have the resources,
infrastructure or desire to effectively regulate hawala. n274

[*2057]

   D. Impact on Terrorism

 The new reporting and licensing requirements for hawala brokers will definitely
help stop criminal activity. n275 But it is questionable whether the USA PATRIOT
Act requirements will make a permanent dent in terrorist financing, given that
terrorist funding comes from multiple sources. n276 As of July 31, 2003, the
U.S. government had only frozen U.S.$ 719,832 in Al Qaeda assets. n277

   In view of the fact that the September 11th hijackers did not extensively
rely on hawala networks, some critics have posited that hawala operators will
not be greatly affected by the USA PATRIOT Act regulations. n278 More
importantly, it is unlikely that illegitimate hawala operators will even
register. n279 In other words, by relying on the reporting requirements, law
enforcement authorities will pursue the immigrant offender who is easily
detected rather than get at the root of clandestine money laundering. n280 It is
noteworthy that the easily detected immigrant offenders such as Mohammed Albanna
and Alshafei, have mostly been of Middle Eastern descent. n281

   Arguably, the "success" of the Al Barakaat case should not eclipse the fact
that it disrupted a source of money for thousands of people and failed to find
any terrorists. n282 Allowing law enforcement to seize on all hawala without
distinguishing between those who used hawala networks to send money to ailing
relatives or those with terrorist ambitions impinges on the rights of many in
the hopes of catching a few, something antithetical to  [*2058]  the notion of
innocent until proven guilty. n283 The ends-justify-the-means type of
enforcement used in Al Barakaat case raises the most basic questions about
criminal law, such as whether it is justifiable to punish certain offenders over
others who evade detection. n284

   The efforts to require registration and to require them to file suspicious
activity reports will generate unmanageable quantities of paperwork unless law
enforcement takes steps to better understand how hawala works. n285 Law
enforcement officials need to better distinguish between the use of hawala for
remittances, money laundering and terrorist purposes as they represent different
degrees of criminal culpability. n286 For now, it appears that the USA PATRIOT
Act provisions merely enhance the prosecution and punishment of run-of-the-mill
criminal offenders, which pushes actual terrorists further underground. n287

   E. Attempts to Strengthen Hawala Regulations

 It is too early to critique the VICTORY Act because it has not been finalized,
but it is important that its provisions be scrutinized and not rushed through
Congress as was the USA PATRIOT Act. n288 One immediate concern is that under
its new provisions, someone completely unconnected to any terrorist transaction
may be arrested because the clause, "involves the proceeds of" does not indicate
how direct the involvement has to be. n289 Because illegal money taints legal
money with which it is mixed, every account containing dirty money is itself
dirty money. n290 Relying on such a provision allows law enforcement  [*2059]
officials to presume that all hawala operations are linked to terrorism, even if
the link is tenuous. n291 While this might lead to more arrests, it ignores the
distinction between hawala networks used by terrorists versus non-terrorists.
n292 Should someone who had no connection to terrorist assets, who used the
hawala to send money home, be penalized to the same degree, particularly since
the curtailment of civil liberties by the PATRIOT and VICTORY Acts is justified
purely on grounds of national security and terrorism?

   F. An Alternative Approach

 Outlawing hawala networks altogether, as in the Al Barakaat case, is not the
right answer. n293 Hawala networks are ingrained in various cultural groups, and
serve legitimate needs, making it unrealistic to eliminate them completely. n294
Also, hawala networks have typically thrived in jurisdictions in which the
formal banking sector is absent or weak, or where significant distortions exist
in financial markets. n295

   Lawmakers must offer economic incentives to facilitate cheap, fast
remittances across international borders. n296 If hawala users were adequately
served by the formal banking system, n297 they would rely less on hawala
networks.

   Furthermore, even though it is possible for criminals to move money into the
United States via hawala networks with little or no trace, this money is useless
unless it can be converted into an acceptable form. n298 This requires a
relationship between banks and hawala networks, bringing at least some of the
money  [*2060]  into the formal banking sector. n299 The sheer magnitude of the
amounts involved entails the collaboration of more established Western financial
institutions.

   Thus, the United States should develop region-specific hawala networks to
compete with informal hawala networks. They should target refugee or low-income
immigrant communities and develop a hawala network in collaboration with other
jurisdictions. Western models of regulation are neither a guarantee of success
nor appropriate for hawala regulation n300 and law enforcement must work with
hawala brokers, users and intermediaries to gain a better understanding of the
intricacies of their nature. n301

   It is equally important to conduct public education campaigns to inform
people of the benefits of using licensed money transfer systems. n302 For many
people, hawala is a longstanding cultural tradition, and thus, it is not only
important to regulate hawala networks, but also to reform alternative remittance
systems and educate people about them. n303 The United States could ensure
continuation of vital services and minimum disruption for populations who have
no other way to send money abroad. n304 This culturally and economically
sensitive approach would offer tangible incentives to prompt people to switch to
the institutionalized banking system. n305

   CONCLUSION

 It is too early to adequately evaluate the overall effectiveness of the
U.S.-led efforts to regulate hawala networks. Still, it is  [*2061]  important
to understand that hawala networks are too amorphous to control with traditional
banking laws, too insular to easily infiltrate, and too enmeshed with other
services to abolish outright. n306 The laws must adapt to reflect the norms of
the social groups that make up the United States, and it is imperative that the
United States take a more international, culturally sensitive approach and offer
incentives to convince people to switch to a more formalized banking system.
n307

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesMoney
LaunderingGeneral OverviewGovernmentsFederal GovernmentDomestic SecurityTax
LawState & Local TaxesAdministration & ProceedingsTax Avoidance & Evasion

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Hearing on the Financial War on Terrorism and the Administration's
Implementation of the Anti-Money Laundering Provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act
Before the U.S. Sen. Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 107th Cong.
15-20 (Jan. 29, 2002) (statement of Kenneth W. Dam, Deputy Secretary, Treas.
Dep't) [hereinafter Dam] (describing U.S. efforts to stop terrorist financing);
Hearing on Hawala and Underground Terrorist Financing Mechanisms Before the
Subcomm. on Int'l Trade and Finance, U.S. Sen. Comm. on Banking, Housing, and
Urban Affairs, 107th Cong. 28-35 (Nov. 14, 2001) (statement of Patrick Jost, SRA
International) [hereinafter Jost Statement] (testifying about links between
hawala networks and terrorists). Jost notes that Osama bin Laden is a Saudi
national with connections to Afghanistan and Somalia, countries where hawala is
the preferred means of remitting money. Id. See also Financial Action Task Force
on Money Laundering, Combating the Abuse of Alternative Remittance Systems,
Int'l Best Practices, June 20, 2003 (agreeing to extend anti-money laundering
requirements to alternative remittance systems in October 2001).





n2.  See General Accounting Office, Terrorist Financing: U.S. Agencies Should
Systematically Assess Terrorists' Use of Alternative Financing Mechanisms, Nov.,
2003, at 3 [hereinafter Terrorist Financing] (stating that extent to which
terrorists use hawala networks is unknown); Jean-Charles Brisard, Terrorism
Financing: Roots and Trends of Saudi Terrorism Financing, Report prepared for
U.N. Security Council, Dec. 19, 2002, 26-28 (describing practice of zakat as
more important source of terrorism funding rather than alternative remittance
systems).





n3.  See Nikos Passas, Informal Value Transfer Systems and Criminal
Organizations; A Study Into So-Called Underground Banking Networks, Hague (1999)
[hereinafter Passas 1] available at
http://usinfo.state.gov/regional/ea/chinaaliens/ivts.pdf (noting
misunderstanding of hawala networks); Lisa C. Carroll, Alternative Remittance
Systems Distinguishing Sub-Systems of Ethnic Money Laundering in Interpol Member
Countries on the Asian continent (Interpol Paper 2000), available at
http://www.interpol.int/Public/FinancialCrime/MoneyLaundering/EthnicMoney
(describing prevalent erroneous information about hawala networks); Jammaz
Al-Suhaimi, Saudi Arabia - Demystifying Hawala Business - Separates Fact from
Fiction about the Financial Service That Is Centuries Old, Banker, Apr. 1, 2002
(correcting common misperceptions about hawala use in Middle Eastern countries);
K. Raveendran, UAE Takes Unprecedented Action on Hawala; Emirates License Local
Operators in Bid to Control "Underground" Banking System, Daily Star, Oct. 25,
2003, at 5 (reporting about Western misunderstanding of hawala networks).





n4.  See Patrick M. Jost & Harjit Singh Sandhu, The Hawala Alternative
Remittance System and Its Role in Money Laundering, Interpol Rep. (2000),
available at
http://www.interpol.int/Public/FinancialCrime/MoneyLaundering/hawala (describing
hawala networks in Middle Eastern countries); Mohammed El Qorchi et al.,
Informal Funds Transfer Systems: An Analysis of the Informal Hawala System, IMF
Occasional Paper No. 222, at 6-9 (2003) (describing logistics of hawala
networks); Samuel Munzele Maimbo, The Money Exchange Dealers of Kabul: A Study
of the Hawala System in Afghanistan, World Bank Rep., at 8-10 (June 2003)
(describing logistics of hawala networks in Afghanistan).





n5.  See John F. Wilson, Hawala and Other Informal Payments Systems: An Economic
Perspective, IMF Rep., at 2-3 (2002) (showing that hawala networks have
different complexity levels, users, and purposes); Carroll, supra note 3
(distinguishing different types of alternative remittance systems). Carroll
defines three such systems: 1) The first transfers money between locations
without using formal banks, and honors verbal commitments based on trust; 2) the
second involve the issuance of a receipt as proof of a transaction; and 3) the
third system is more a rotating loan association than a remittance method. Id.
See also El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 14-15 (describing simple reverse
transactions, complex reverse transactions, bilateral financial settlements, and
multilateral financial settlements).





n6.  See Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Pub. L. No. 107-56,
115 Stat. 272 (2001) [hereinafter "USA PATRIOT Act"].





n7.  See Treasury Officials on Anti-Terrorism Finance Initiative: U.S. Seeks to
Break Up Terrorists' Financial Networks, Oct 25, 2001, available at
http://usinfo.state.gov/topical/pol/terror/01102512.htm (describing mission of
Operation Green Quest). Created by the Treasury Department on October 25, 2001,
Operation Green Quest is a multi-agency anti-terrorist financing task force,
aimed at denying terrorist groups access to the international financial system.
Id. The following groups are involved in the task force: Department of
Treasury's Customs Service, Internal Revenue Service, Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network ("FinCEN"), Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"),
Secret Service, Customs. Id. See also Operation Green Quest Overview, available
at http:// www.customs.treas.gov/xp/cgov/newsroom/press
releases/archives/2002/22002/022 62002.xml (providing background on Operation
Green Quest). Operation Green Quest also utilizes U.S. Customs Attache offices
in twenty-six Nations to pursue overseas leads and develop independent
investigations through cooperation with host Nation governments. Id.





n8.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4 (describing hawala systems worldwide); Michael
Beebe & Sandra Tan, Yemeni Connection; Arrests Extend to Michigan in Federal
Probe of Money Transfers, Buffalo News, Dec. 19, 2002, at B1 (reporting
worldwide scope of hawala use).





n9.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (illustrating advantages of hawala
networks); El Qorchi, supra note 4 (noting reasons for hawala use); Maimbo,
supra note 4 (describing heavy reliance on hawala networks in Afghanistan).





n10.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4 (pointing out illegal uses of hawala
networks); Carroll, supra note 5 (positing that hawala networks are tied to
criminal activity).





n11.  See S.H. Amin, Arabic-English Dictionary of Legal Terms (1990) (defining
hawala as "assignment"); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (translating hawala as
"change" and "transfer"); See Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (defining hawala as
"transfer of value" rather than a "physical transfer").





n12.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (defining hawaladar as hawala broker);
Nikos Passas, Hawala and Other Informal Value Transfer Systems: How to Regulate
Them?, U.S. State Dep't, Int'l Information Programs, 2003 [hereinafter Passas
2], available at http://usinfo.state.gov/regional/ea/chinaaliens/shawala.htm
(disagreeing with translation of hawala operator as hawaladar). Wilson, supra
note 5, at 6 (disagreeing with hawaladar designation). Wilson notes that some
intermediaries are not just brokers because they operate on a large scale. Id.





n13.  See Manuel Orozco, Worker Remittances: An International Comparison,
(Inter-American Dev. Bank, Working Paper Feb. 2003, at 2), available at
http://www.iadb.org/exr/prensa/images/RemittancesInternational.pdf (last visited
May 6, 2004) (describing use of informal monetary transfer systems worldwide);
El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 11, 26 (describing hawala-analogous systems). The
black market peso exchange is used in Latin America, the fei ch'ien in China,
the padala in the Philippines, the hui kuan in Hong Kong and the phei kwan in
Thailand. Id.; Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing global hawala networks);
Beebe & Tan, supra note 8 (citing examples of Jamaican, Mexican, and Puerto
Rican immigrants using hawala-like systems to send money to families);
International Narcotics Control Strategy Report, 1999, Released by the Bureau
for Int'l Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs, U.S. Dep't of State, Mar. 2000
[hereinafter Int'l Narcotics Control Report 1999](describing mechanics of black
market peso exchange).





n14.  See Leonides Buencamino & Sergei Gorbunov, Informal Money Transfer
Systems: Opportunities and Challenges for Development Finance, U.N. DESA
Discussion Paper No. 26, Nov. 2002, at 1 (describing origins of fei ch'ien
system); Ian Angel, Flip Side of the Coin: Community Currencies and Digital Cash
Could Spell the End for Money, Fin. Times (London), Dec. 22, 1997, at 15
(arguing feich'ien system has been used for generations to bypass financial
regulations). See generally El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 10-11 (stating that
hawala networks facilitated trade between distant regions when conventional
banking systems were weak); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (discussing origins of
hawala networks).





n15.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 10-11 (describing how trade growth led to
increased reliance on hawala networks). Remittance networks eventually extended
from China to Japan, Russia, and Southeast Asia. Id. See also Buencamino &
Gorbunov, supra note 14, at 2 (propounding different theories on origins of
hawala).





n16.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 11 (stating that history of hawala use in
Middle East is not well documented); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (stating long
history of hawala networks along trading routes of Mediterranean, central Asia,
Arabian Peninsula, and Indian subcontinent).





n17.  See N.S. Jamwal, Hawala: The Invisible Financing System of Terrorism
(2002), available at http://www.mafhoum.com/press3/111E62 files/AN-APR0402-1.htm
(discussing role of hawala in terrorist financing) (stating hawala's centuries
old existence in India and other Asian countries); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3
(describing use of hawala networks along various trading routes); El Qorchi,
supra note 4 (discussing how hawala networks facilitated trade and avoided risks
of physical cash transportation).





n18.  See Jamwal, supra note 17 (stating that Sindhi community developed hundi
system of money transfer during Mughal rule to avoid dacoity and highway
robberies); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (providing brief history of hawala
networks).





n19.  See Passas 1, supra note 3, at 21 (arguing that hundi system of India
originally developed for cash advances); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing
hundi systems prevalent in India).





n20.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (discussing origins of hawala networks);
Passas 1, supra note 3, at 9 (positing that hawala networks served people before
modern banking institutions and became integral elements of Asian cultures);
Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (stating long history of hawala networks along various
trading routes in Middle East and Indian subcontinent); Jamwal, supra note 17
(stating existence of hawala networks as far back as Mughal rule or silk trading
routes); Buencamino & Gorbunov, supra note 14 (describing history of
hawala-analogous systems); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 10-11 (stating that
hawala networks have been used for centuries mainly for trade).





n21.  See Wilson, supra note 5, at 2-3 (showing that hawala networks have
different levles of complexity); Carroll, supra note 3 (distinguishing different
types of alternative remittance systems). See also El Qorchi, supra note 4, at
14-15 (describing various types of hawala transactions, complex reverse
transactions, bilateral financial settlements, and multilateral financial
settlements).





n22.  See Passas 1, supra note 3 (clarifying logistics of hawala networks);
Having Escaped Regulation for Ages, Hawala Defies Controls, 13(1) Money
Laundering Alert, Nov. 2001, at 14 (describing specific hawala transaction
between Afghanistan and Pakistan); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (explaining
logistics of hawala transaction); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 6-9 (describing
prototypical hawala transaction); Maimbo, supra note 4, at 6 n.4. (discussing
operational characteristics of hawala networks in Afghanistan).





n23.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 13 (documenting that outstanding accounts are
balanced daily, weekly, or monthly); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing
settlement process as extended if hawala brokers are repaying existing debts or
unable to leave country). See also Carroll, supra note 3 (writing that hawala
brokers generate profits through exchange rate differentials or commissions).





n24.  See Sanjay Kapoor, Bad Money, Bad Politics: The Untold Hawala Story 84-85
(1996) (stating that because gold is often used in settlement, many hawala
brokers work in jewelry business); Douglas Farah, Al Qaeda's Road Paved with
Gold; Secret Shipments Traced Through a Lax System in United Arab Emirates,
Wash. Post, Feb. 17, 2002, at A1 (reporting that gold is used because it can be
melted, smelted, or deposited without regulation); Carroll, supra note 3
(stating that debts are frequently settled by gold).





n25.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (noting that hawala transfers money
"without actually moving it"); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 18 (noting lack of
direct physical cash transfers between hawala brokers); Wilson, supra note 5, at
14, Fig. 2 (stating that money is not sent directly in hawala transactions);
Carroll, supra note 3 (explicating that no money physically crosses borders in
hawala transactions). The debt between the two hawala associates is eventually
cleared, either by reverse remittances or other money movement methods. Id.





n26.  See Passas 2, supra note 12 (arguing that reduced economic asymmetries
would lead to less hawala use); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 14 (pointing out
unlikelihood of such simple transactions because of asymmetrical remittance
flows); Wilson, supra note 5, at 7 (noting that simple, bilateral, reverse
hawala with symmetric set of remittances sent in opposite direction through same
intermediaries to be highly unlikely). For instance, millions of subcontinent
workers in the Gulf countries send large amounts home, but there is no obvious
reverse flow to balance hawala markets. Id. See also Carroll, supra note 3
(describing complexity of alternative remittance systems).





n27.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (providing this very example of hawala
user); Jost Statement, supra note 1 (providing other examples of hawala
transactions).





n28.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing specific steps that Abdul must
take to send money to Pakistan).





n29.  See id. (discussing hypothetical of sending money to Pakistan).





n30.  See Citi.com, Wire Transfers, at
http://web.da-us.citibank.com/cgi-bin/citifi/scripts/prod and service/prod serv
detail.jsp?BV UseBVCookie=yes&BS Id=Wire Transfers&M=S (describing Citibank's
ability to transfer funds from United States after user opens checking account
with U.S. address and social security number, driver's license or state
identification, and second form of ID (U.S. passport, military ID or major
bank/credit card)). International transfers cost U.S.$ 30 and take between two
and five business days, but could be longer depending on the country and its
banking policies. Id.





n31.  See id. (describing services that Citibank offers to customers).





n32.  See www.westernunion.com (listing U.S/Pakistan exchange rate at U.S.$ 1.00
= PRs56.5087, as of April 18, 2004).





n33.  See www.westernunion.com (listing rates for transfers to Pakistan). These
figures are calculated according to the website rates listed as of April 18,
2004.





n34.  See id. (noting that his brother would receive at most, PRs275,931.98, and
it may be delayed).





n35.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (providing examples of hawala
transactions); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 7 (describing characteristics of
typical informal hawala transaction). See also Hearing on Hawala and Underground
Terrorist Financing Mechanisms Before the Subcomm. on Int'l Trade and Finance,
U.S. Sen. Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, 107th Cong. (Nov. 14,
2001) (statement of Rahim Bariek, Bariek Money Transfer) [hereinafter Bariek]
(explaining logistics of his hawala business). Bariek testified,



    One of my customers comes to me with $ 300 and asks to send it to his
brother in Pakistan. Charging about a 5% commission, I take the money and give
my customer a transfer/code number which they give to their family in Pakistan.
They will need that transfer/code number and identification to get the money
from Insaf Exchange. The family member in Pakistan must also sign a form to show
that they received the money. I call and fax Insaf Exchange with the name of the
person who will get the money and the transfer/code number. Within 24 hours, the
money is guaranteed safe in the hands of my customers family in Pakistan. That
is how I do Hawala. Other Hawala brokers may operate differently. In order to
balance our accounts, I pay some of the bills Insaf Exchange owes to other
businesses not located in Pakistan. The money I receive in the United States
never goes directly to Pakistan. But, it does get to the families in Pakistan
that need it.



    Id.





n36.  See Craig S. Smith, For Afghans, the Bank Is Often a Bag of Cash, N.Y.
Times, Mar. 10, 2002, at C5 (reporting that Afghani hawala broker that charged
1% fee for worldwide transfers); Carroll, supra note 3 (quoting 0.25% to 1.25%
fee for legal remittances and up to 15% to 20% for illegal transactions);
Wilson, supra note 5, at 4 (listing hawala networks' advantages compared to
banks, money exchanges, Western Union and Money Gram); Tom Jackman, Two Men
Sentenced in Wiring of Money to Bin Laden Backer, Wash. Post, Sept. 12, 2002, at
A29 (reporting that Virginia-based hawala broker charged 4% fee, keeping 1% and
sending 3% to Al Barakaat); Christopher Cooper & Ian Johnson, Ongoing Concerns:
Money Network Tied to Terrorism Survives Assault, Wall St. J., Apr. 22, 2002, at
A1 (noting Somalian hawala broker based in Germany charged 5% fee, keeping 1%
and passing 4% on to parent Al Barakaat network). Cf. Passas 2, supra note 26
(asserting that hawala fees can be extortionate in some cases).





n37.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 12 (discussing use of code words in hawala
transactions); Jamwal, supra note 17 (noting code word "trouser" for telegraphic
transfer, "recorder" for one lakh rupees, "cassette" for one thousand during
investigations in India); Kapoor, supra note 24, at 105-15 (providing examples
of decoded names); Anil Padmanabhan et al., Hemant Lakhani: Trading in Terror,
India Today, Sept. 1, 2003, at 34 (describing code in one hawala transfer as
U.S.$ 1 bill with serial number F83616063J).





n38.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 12 (describing some hawala brokers who
require recipient to present code words and secondary identification in hawala
transactions); Kapoor, supra note 24, at 86 (describing situation in which
recipient pays amount only after confirmation that money has been received by
recipient).





n39.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (discussing increased e-mail use in hawala
transactions); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 7 (noting that phone, fax, or e-mail
communication is used between hawala brokers); Carroll, supra note 3 (stating
that certain hawala brokers even offer fund pick-up and home delivery to avoid
trails between banker and client).





n40.  See Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (describing significant differences between
official and unofficial exchange rates in many developing countries).





n41.  See Cooper & Johnson, supra note 36 (comparing 5% rate charged by
Dahabshiil hawala with twice that rate by Western Union); Carroll, supra note 3
(quoting 0.25% to 1.25% fee for transfers); Wilson, supra note 5, at 4 (listing
hawala networks' advantages compared to other money service businesses).





n42.  See Bariek, supra note 35 (testifying at Senate hearing about his use of
hawala networks after wiring money to Pakistan through formal channels failed).
Bariek tried to send money to Pakistan through Maryland-based Chevy Chase Bank,
but his money order was stolen. Id. See also Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4
(listing multiple advantages of hawala use); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 7
(highlighting hawala networks' speed, convenience, versatility, and potential
for anonymity); Maimbo, supra note 4, at 12 (discussing reliability of hawala
networks).





n43.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 7-9 (discussing efficiency of hawala
networks as key reason for their continued use); Mohammad El Qorchi, Hawala: How
Does this Informal Funds Transfer System Work, and Should It Be Regulated?,
39(4) Fin. & Dev., Dec. 1, 2002, at 31 [hereinafter El Qorchi 2] (describing
lack of bureaucracy as reason for hawala's efficiency); Maimbo, supra note 4, at
10 (stating that transferring funds from Peshawar, Dubai, and London to Kabul
usually takes between six and twelve hours); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3
(discussing lack of delays in hawala transactions).





n44.  See Motoo Noguchi, Help Needed for the "Unbanked", Wash. Post, Mar. 26,
2004, at A23 (contrasting hawala's 24/7 service with bank money transfers, which
can take three to five days); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing potential
delays with formal banking system); www.westernunion.com, supra note 32
(describing fees and delays in Western Union transfers).





n45.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 7-9 (describing advantages of hawala);
Carroll, supra note 3 (relating broad reach of hawala networks); Passas 2, supra
note 12 (reporting that hawala networks reach isolated areas that are deemed
unprofitable for banks to open branches).





n46.  See Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (discussing education level and fear of banks
as reasons for dependency on hawala networks); Carroll, supra note 3 (stating
that hawala are popular because of their ability to serve remote Asian
locations); Noguchi, supra note 44 (describing hawala use for those have no
access to banks such as those along Pakistan-Afghan border); Subhash Mishra,
Azamgarh: Talk of the Town, India Today, Oct. 7, 2002, at 49 (describing Indian
diaspora in Middle East who use hawala because official channels are too
cumbersome and time-consuming).





n47.  See Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, A Report to the Congress in
Accordance with Section 359 of the Uniting and Strengthening America by
Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Act of 2001,
(Nov. 22, 2003) at 11-12 [hereinafter Report to the Congress] (reporting that
U.S.-based hawala brokers often work in conjunction with legal enterprises that
deal in large sums of cash, such as transmitters, check cashers, jewelry
businesses or grocery stores); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (listing businesses
such as import/export, travel, jewelry, foreign exchange, rugs/carpets, used
cars, car rentals telephones/pagers as more likely to be involved in hawala
transactions); Carroll, supra note 3 (noting that hawala system is intertwined
with gold smuggling and money movement through import/export invoicing
manipulation).





n48.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (listing businesses that are likely to be
involved in hawala transactions); Kapoor, supra note 24, at 84-85 (stating that
many hawala brokers are in jewelry business because gold is often used in
settlement); Carroll, supra note 3 (stating links between hawala transfers and
gold smuggling).





n49.  See Cooper & Johnson, supra note 36 (describing Somali hawala broker in
Germany who worked out of McDonalds fast food restaurant, conducting about 2,000
financial transactions, and moving about U.S.$ 1.2 million to African countries
in late 1990s); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 8 (discussing low overhead costs for
some hawala brokers); Carroll, supra note 3 (stating that hawala brokers have
lower overhead costs than banks, enabling them to exchange at better rates than
official exchange rates).





n50.  See Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 9-15 (reporting that terrorists
use mechanisms such as charities, informal banking systems, bulk cash and
commodities such as precious stones and metals); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4
(providing example of hawala transaction within export/import business);
Carroll, supra note 3 (noting that hawala transfers can be disguised in
invoicing of imports and exports).





n51.  See Wilson, supra note 5, at 15, Fig. 4 (describing how hawala
transactions work within export businesses); Having Escaped Regulation For Ages,
Hawala Defies Controls, supra note 22 (arguing that grocery stores and other
legitimate businesses, where cash can be picked up or dropped off, often
function as foreign "affiliates" of hawala brokers); Ancient Underground Banking
System, Hawala, Surfaces in U.S., 7(9) Money Laundering Alert, June 1996, at 6
(describing 1996 N.J. federal case involving two Indian brothers who moved more
than U.S.$ 5 million through corporate accounts).





n52.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (showing how export/import business masks
money transfers); See Dep't of the Treasury & Dep't of Justice, National Money
Laundering Strategy 2003, at 42 [hereinafter Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy
2003] (noting that trade provides counter valuations in hawala networks); Passas
1, supra note 3, at 22 (positing that hawala and mis-invoicing have been used
extensively for tax evasion and/or capital flight).





n53.  See Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52, at 42
(recognizing that over-invoicing disguises illicit fund transfers); Passas 2,
supra note 12 (noting that over-invoicing of exports is one form of hawala
transaction); Andres Rueda, International Money Laundering Enforcement & the USA
PATRIOT ACT of 2001, 10 Mich. St. U. J. Int'l L. 141, 178 (2001) (describing how
corporate fronts, banking vehicles, legitimate import-export business use
over-invoicing to layer dirty money).





n54.  See Rueda, supra note 53, at 178 (stating that individuals can transfer
funds abroad and avoid taxes with documentation by using over-invoicing); Jost
Statement, supra note 1 (testifying about over or under-invoicing scams);
Carroll, supra note 3 (discussing logistics of remittance systems within
existing business frameworks).





n55.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 12 (stating reliability of hawala networks).
This World Bank study examined hawala networks in Afghanistan, and found that
the remitter often paid the hawala broker only after the recipient confirmed
receipt of the money, indicating a strong honor system in place. Id. Cf.
Carroll, supra note 3 (reporting that contracts are adhered to primarily because
parties fear punishment or death). But see Passas 2, supra note 12 (arguing that
notion of retributive violence as baseless assertion); Passas 1, supra note 3,
at 28 (concluding that trust, rather than fear and violence, makes hawala
networks function according to interviews with hawala users). Passas argues that
hawala networks hardly fit the Western description of "gangs." Id.





n56.  See Passas 2, supra note 12 (stating that trust is defining element of
hawala transactions); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (emphasizing trust and integrity
features of hawala); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (discussing trust component of
hawala networks); Bariek, supra note 35 (testifying about importance of trust
before U.S. Senate). Bariek stated, "Let me emphasize - I know all of my
customers, and I would never send money for a family that I do not know." Id.





n57.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing family relationships or
regional affiliations as feature of hawala networks); Carroll, supra note 3
(asserting that underlying characteristic common to hawala networks of
Asia/Pacific region is strong cultural sense of honor and trust); Al-Suhaimi,
supra note 3 (noting that trust is important because satisfied existing
customers refer expatriate workers to hawala brokers).





n58.  Kapoor, supra note 24, at 85 (emphasizing trust as premier feature of
hawala networks). See also Carroll, supra note 3 (asserting that strong familial
or cultural ties are pillars of every hawala transaction).





n59.  See El Qorchi 2, supra note 43 (describing hawala networks as based on
national, ethnic, and village solidarity); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 20
(describing tradition of migrant workers who met needs of European economies and
sent back home money to support their families).





n60.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing honor system within hawala
networks); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 27 (stating that violation of trust brings
about shame, ostracism, and dishonor within family); Carroll supra note 3
(writing that broken trust is tantamount to community ostracism and economic
suicide).





n61.  See El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 14 (clarifying that money does not "simply
submerge[] on one side of a border and pop[] up in a village on the other
side"). Many features of hawala transactions resemble other kinds of formal
transactions. Id. See also Wilson, supra note 5, at 5 (noting press distortion
of hawala system, and arguing its similarity to other types of transactions);
Passas 2, supra note 12 (arguing that hawala is similar to older and
contemporary "conventional" banking practices). Cf. Jost Statement, supra note 1
(emphasizing differences between hawala transactions and formal banking). Jost
testified,



    The most significant investigative barrier is probably the fact that 'hawala
behavior' lies well outside the cultural experience of most U.S. investigators.
Hawala is a system where large amounts of money are handed over without
receipts, confirmation numbers, or identification. Hawala transactions take
place in the context of a large network unlike a "traditional" corporate
structure. The business of hawala is conducted informally, with little in the
way of overhead and almost nothing in the way of a regulatory infrastructure,
making it, in this respect, nearly the antithesis of banking.



    Id. (emphasis added).





n62.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 12 (maintaining that there are no standard
documentary requirements for conducting hawala transactions). Each hawala
broker, however, may develop their own system, such as a hawala slip, customer
identification, accounting records. Id., at 12-13. See also Carroll, supra note
3 (stating that receipts may take many forms including torn bank notes, marked
notes, and chops, which are Chinese carved seals used as ink stamps); Passas 2,
supra note 12 (noting that hawala brokers keep some details of clients, such as
payment instructions, names, telephone numbers, addresses at least until
accounts are settled); Kapoor, supra note 24, at 92-128 (reprinting records of
hawala payments between Dubai, India, and London); Having Escaped Regulation for
Ages, Hawala Defies Controls, supra note 22 (reporting that transmittance
receipt can be as simple as postcard torn in half).





n63.  See Kapoor, supra note 24, at 92-96 (writing of Surinder Jain scandal in
India). This scandal involved a hawala broker who paid nearly U.S.$ 18 million
in bribes to 115 public officials of top ranks of Indian politics. Id. Diaries
seized during the investigation revealed codes in jotted initials and numbers
that were difficult to decipher. Id. See also Having Escaped Regulation for
Ages, Hawala Defies Controls, supra note 22 (stating that investigators rarely
find detailed accounts as in Jain hawala scandal).





n64.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (describing many hawala brokers operating
within existing businesses such as import/export, travel, jewelry, foreign
exchange, rugs/carpets, used cars, car rentals, and telephones/pagers); Report
to the Congress, supra note 47, at 11-12 (reporting that hawala brokers often
work in money transmitting businesses, check cashing, jewelry businesses or
grocery stores); Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 9-15 (reporting that
terrorists use mechanisms such as charities, informal banking systems, bulk
cash, and commodities such as precious stones and metals).





n65.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (using same example to illustrate sample
hawala records). See also Kapoor, supra note 24, at 92-97 (providing copies of
actual hawala records from Jain hawala scandal).





n66.  See Kapoor, supra note 24, at 92-97 (showing that actual hawala records
have fewer columns and are more difficult to decipher); Report to the Congress,
supra note 47, at 12 (describing records as insubstantial, written in
idiosyncratic shorthand, and lacking key information such as amounts, names, or
times).





n67.  See Matt Miller, Underground Banking; in Pakistan, Other Third World
Nations, 24 (1) Institutional Investor, Jan. 1, 1999, at 32 (noting that there
are 1,110 identified hawala brokers in Pakistan and transactions run as high as
U.S.$ 10 million). But see Passas 1, supra note 3, at 10 (arguing that informal
systems cannot easily handle substantial amounts of money generated by illegal
enterprises).





n68.  See www.bloomberg.news (reporting currency exchange rate at U.S.$ 1 =
IRs43.88 as of April 18, 2004).





n69.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (providing explanation of column entries).
Notations such as "F-1202" usually represent a bank ("F" might be "First Bank";
"B" and "L" would represent other banks) and the check number. Id. See also
Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 29 (describing non-transparency and
indecipherable transaction records as characteristic of alternative remittance
systems); Report to the Congress, supra note 47, at 12 (citing language and
cultural barriers as obstacles to understanding hawala records).





n70.  See Int'l Narcotics Control Report 1999, supra note 13 (describing gold as
primary medium of exchange in certain transactions). Many monetary transactions
to South Asia involve gold for two reasons: first, the combined historical,
religious and cultural importance gold enjoys in the region; and second, the
increasing distrust in the value of local currencies. Id. See also Farah, supra
note 24 (reporting on frequent use of gold in India).





n71.  See Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52 (noting that
hawala networks are unregulated in some countries); Raveendran, supra note 3
(reporting legality of hawala networks in United Arab Emirates); Jost & Sandhu,
supra note 4 (documenting instances in which South Asian American newspapers
hawala openly advertise hawala services); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 8
(suggesting that because hawala networks are not "underground" in many regions,
the term "informal value transfer systems" is more appropriate). Cf. Carroll,
supra note 3 (stating that while hawala services are sometimes openly
advertised, most serve select covert clientele).





n72.  See Carroll, supra note 3 (describing hawala-like systems worldwide).
Alternative remittance systems function in Australia, Bahrain, Hong Kong, India,
Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Kuwait, Malaysia, Nepal, New Zealand, Oman, Pakistan,
People's Republic of China, Republic of Korea, Republic of the Philippines,
Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Turkey, and Vietnam. Id. These systems are
diverse, have a wide range of clients, the nature of the trust bond varies, the
way profits are generated varies, and the degree to which systems leave proof of
their profits and dealings is unknown. Id.; Wilson, supra note 5, at 10
(discussing barriers to measuring number, scale, and magnitude of hawala
networks); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 54-59 (pointing out lack of reliable
estimates about scope of informal banking networks, but noting their prevalence
in Asia and Africa); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 18-19 (reporting macroeconomic
implications of unrecorded remittances).





n73.  See United Arab Emirates, Comment & Analysis, Middle East Review World of
Information, Oct. 8, 2003, at 1 (discussing United Arab Emirate's wealth and
prevalence of hawala use); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (documenting extended
hawala use in United Arab Emirates); Raveendran, supra note 3 (reporting Dubai
as key point in global hawala networks due to expatriate workers and
businessmen).





n74.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 9 (documenting more than 300 registered money
exchange dealers and between 500 to 2,000 unregistered money exchange dealers
with no limit on the volume of transfers allowed in Afghanistan); El Qorchi,
supra note 4, at 26 (stating that informal hawala networks have thrived where
formal banking sector is absent or weak).





n75.  See Liz Stuart, Monthly Cheques Home from Migrant Workers Are Building
Prosperity: Analysis, The Guardian (London) Apr. 12, 2004, at 23 (reporting
findings of Harvard study that 1 million Indians living in United States,
equivalent to only 0.1% of India's population, earn 10% of India's national
income by sending money to India); The Money Go-Round, New Zealand Herald, May
10, 2003 (discussing diaspora communities reliance on remittance transfer
systems); Al-Suhaimi, supra note 3 (positing that hawala networks in Middle East
mainly cater to needs of large underprivileged expatriate worker communities);
Bariek, supra note 35 (testifying about money transfer business, which primarily
serves Pakistani diaspora). Bariek's hawala network supplies 200 to 300
customers, who generally send money to Pakistan once a month. Id. Bariek
testified:



    Without the money families send from the U.S. and other countries, many of
the families in Pakistan would not be able to pay rent or afford food and other
basic needs. Families also send larger sums of money - between $ 1,000 and $
5,000 - for weddings, when someone passes away and other big events. For all of
these reasons, I consider my job very important and humanitarian in nature.



    Id.





n76.  See Dilip Ratha, Workers' Remittances: An Important and Stable Source of
External Development Finance, World Bank Global Dev. Fin., at 159 (2003)
(quantifying worldwide remittance values); The Money Go-Round, supra note 75
(citing World Bank statistics); El Qorchi, supra note 4, App. II, at 35
(calculating amount of informal remittances in billions); Orozco, supra note 13
(estimating that annual remittances may amount to more than U.S.$ 100 billion,
and that present data is incomplete and underreported); El Qorchi, supra note 4,
App. II, at 33-40 (estimating informal remittance values in select countries);
Stuart, supra note 75 (noting that British government could almost scrap its
non-disaster related aid budget altogether if it were to put a policy in place
which made it cheaper and easier to remit).





n77.  See Ratha, supra note 76, Fig. 7.3. (stating that South Asia was largest
recipient of recorded remittances, measuring nearly 2.5% of GDP in 2001); U.S.
Says Grave Laundering, Corruption Ills Plague Many Nations, 15(6) Money
Laundering Alert (Apr. 2004) at 15 (reporting that 30% of India's gross national
product originates from hawala networks); Orozco, supra note 76 (reporting
growth of remittances by Latin American diaspora); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at
35-40 (estimating remittances for Algeria, Bangladesh, India, Iran, Pakistan as
extremely high).





n78.  See Ratha, supra note 76, at 159 (discussing inefficiencies in formal
banking systems that lead diaspora communities to use informal remittance
systems). The United States and Saudi Arabia are the largest sources of workers'
remittances to developing countries and South Asia is the largest recipient of
remittances relative to GDP size in 2001. Id.; Michelle Cottle, Eastern Union;
Hawala v. the War on Terrorism, New Republic, Oct. 15, 2001, at 24 (reporting
annual hawala remittances into Pakistan was between U.S.$ 2.5 billion and U.S.$
3 billion versus only U.S.$ 1 billion via banks); The Money Go-Round, supra note
75 (discussing worldwide scope of diaspora remittances); Douglas Frantz, The
Financing: Ancient Secret System Moves Money Globally, N.Y. Times, Oct. 3, 2001
(reporting that U.S.$ 2-$ 5 billion moved through hawala system annually in
Pakistan, more than amount of foreign transfers through its banking system); El
Qorchi, supra note 4, at 35 (showing unrecorded remittances outweighed recorded
remittances in Pakistan, Algeria, Bangladesh, and Iran); Wilson, supra note 5,
at 18 (estimating that hawala transfers to Pakistan is high).





n79.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 8-10 (describing almost complete reliance on
hawala networks in Afghanistan); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 12 (stating
dependence of informal money transfer systems in war torn-countries); Lourdes M.
Leslie, U.N. Reps Listen to Somalis' Concerns; Money-Wiring Difficulties
Continue, International Delegation is Told, Star Trib., Oct. 18, 2002
(describing Somalian diaspora reliance on hawala networks). See also Cottle,
supra note 78 (describing increased hawala use after Pakistan faced global
condemnation for testing nuclear weapons in 1998). Cottle reports that money
flowing into Pakistan through official channels from overseas workers dropped
from U.S.$ 150 million a month to U.S.$ 50 million, as hawala essentially
replaced banks. Id.





n80.  See Hearing on Hawala and Underground Terrorist Financing Mechanisms
Before the Subcomm. on Int'l Trade and Finance, U.S. Sen. Comm. on Banking,
Housing, and Urban Affairs, 107th Cong. 26-35 (Nov. 14, 2001) (statement of Dr.
Tarik M. Yousef, Professor, Dep't of Economics, School of Foreign Service,
Georgetown Univ.) [hereinafter Yousef] (expressing concerns about realities of
regulating hawala networks). Yousef testified, "so long as their remains a
divergence between the US and other countries in financial development, banking
efficiency, taxation levels and laws pertaining to foreign exchange transfers,
there will exist a demand for the Hawala and other means of moving money across
the globe." Id.; Bariek, supra note 35 (testifying that hawala fulfills
important need for diaspora communities).





n81.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (translating hundi as bill of exchange,
promissory note, trust, reference, and alternative remittance system). Hundi
comes from the Sanskrit root meaning "collect," and is used to refer to the
collection box found in a Hindu temple. Id. See also Carroll, supra note 3
(distinguishing hundi from hawala). Carroll defines hawala as international,
without negotiable instruments, and associated with criminal activities, while
hundi is local, issues written receipts that can be physically carried across
India's borders to neighboring countries and exchanged for local currency. Id.
See also Miller, supra note 67, at 33-37 (explaining hundi money transfers).
Miller writes that a Bombay businessman would visit his local hawala dealer
before embarking on a trip to Pakistan. Id. He would sell the dealer Indian
rupees and receive, in return, a coded piece of paper or a torn rupee note and a
contact address. Id. Upon landing in Karachi, the businessman would proceed to
the address, hand over the paper or note and pick up his Pakistani currency, who
has written on the subject. Id.





n82.  See Passas 1, supra note 3, at 24-25 (documenting that British colonists
introduced chit system in China). British colonists borrowed the term from
chitthi, which in Hindi means a "note." Id. In the chit system, British workers
would write chits to pay for food and other essentials from local merchants. Id.
In turn, the merchants would present these chits for payment to the Chinese
comprador, who would then deduct the corresponding amounts from the British
accounts. Id. The chit system enabled British workers to avoid carrying cash or
bulky commodities. Id. See also Buencamino & Gorbunov, supra note 14, at 9
(describing origins of chit system).





n83.  See Cottle, supra note 78 (discussing use of hawala networks after
partition); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 10 (stating that virtually no payment
between India and Pakistan was transacted through banks after partition).





n84.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (stating that many Americans took
advantage of hawala services to remit money through Indian merchants in Saigon);
Passas 1, supra note 3, at (noting resurgence of hawala in Southeast Asia during
Vietnam War); Buencamino & Gorbunov, supra note 14, at 9 (describing hawala use
during Vietnam War when increased demand for foreign exchange in black market).





n85.  See Victoria Burnett, Afghanistan to Grant Licenses to First Foreign Banks
in Years, Fin. Times, Sept. 17, 2003, at 14 (reporting that these new banks will
accept deposits and perform international money transfers for first time);
Maimbo, supra note 4, at 8 (describing Afghanistan's weak infrastructure and
eighty-year history of hawala networks).





n86.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 9 (estimating that aid groups have moved at
least U.S.$ 200 million through Afghani hawala networks since fall of Taliban);
Michael M. Phillips, Afghan Aid Flows Through Dark Channels: U.S. Is Forced to
Move Funds in Money-Transfer Networks Used by Terror Groups, Wall St. J., Nov.
12, 2002 (reporting that Bush administration has used hawala networks to
distribute aid in Afghanistan while simultaneously working to regulate such
systems); Burnett, supra note 85 (reporting arrival of first international banks
in Afghanistan); Eric J. Gouvin, Bringing Out the Big Guns: The USA PATRIOT Act,
Money Laundering, and the War on Terrorism, 55 Baylor L. Rev. 955, 978 n.106
(2003) (discussing U.S. reliance on hawala transactions in Afghanistan).





n87.  See Edward Hegstrom, Iranian Exiles In Quandary, Houst. Chron., May 5,
2003, at 14 (describing dilemma for Iranian diaspora who may not trust Iranian
banks); Carroll, supra note 3 (stating that many immigrants have fundamental
mistrust of government and central banking systems). See also Office of Foreign
Assets Control, Sanctions Program and Country Summaries, Iran, available at
http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/eotffc/ofac/sanctions/sanctguide-iran.html
(explaining limitations on sanctions on Iran).





n88.  See Marc Kaufman, Somalis Said to Feel Impact of U.S. Freeze of Al
Barakaat, Wash. Post, Nov. 30, 2001, at A30 (reporting that Somalia's largest
single source of income is money sent from relatives abroad); Maimbo, supra note
4, at 8 (describing heavy reliance on hawala networks by communities abroad);
Yousef, supra note 80 (presuming that most individuals utilizing hawala in
United States do so for legitimate reasons); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 12
(stating that hawala networks offer services in remote regions).





n89.  See Yousef, supra note 80 (stating financial systems of most Muslim
countries are unsophisticated). Yousef testified that extensive government
intervention in certain societies through excessive taxation, foreign exchange,
and trade restrictions have retarded the emergence of modern financial systems.
Id. See also Jost Statement, supra note 1 (explaining that capital flight
regulations lead to increased use of hawala networks); Passas 2, supra note 12
(suggesting additional channels for fund transfers to reduce economic
asymmetries); Wilson, supra note 5, at 11 (giving example of Philippines as
successful in regulating hawala due to improvements in formal banking channels).





n90.  See Wilson, supra note 5, at 8 (describing currency controls as reasons
for hawala use); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 22 (arguing that hawala brokers make
their profit from substantial differences between black market rates and
official rates). Passas argues that hawala brokers can get a better rate by
selling the hard currency in the black market particularly when government
interventions impose artificial exchange rates, when there are currency
controls, in cases of high inflation, during periods of political instability.
Id.; Miller, supra note 67, at 32-37 (arguing that hawala use becomes vital to
economies when financial system is in crisis); Follow the money, Economist, June
1, 2002 (reporting that hawala is "boon" for poorer people remitting money
home).





n91.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (writing that money launderers violate
currency control laws by using hawala networks); Yousef, supra note 80
(describing hawala use as market response).





n92.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 25 (describing lost economic revenue from
unregulated hawala transfers); El Qorchi supra note 4, at 14-21, 26-27
(discussing economic costs of unregulated money transfers); Orozco, supra note
13 (estimating that annual worldwide remittances may equal more than U.S.$ 100
billion).





n93.  See Hegstrom, supra note 87 (reporting use of hawala because Muslims
believe it sinful to collect interest on loans); Barbara L. Seniawski, Riba
Today: Social Equity, the Economy, and Doing Business Under Islamic Law, 39
Colum. J. Transnat'l L. 701, 702-12 (2001) (describing Qur'anic prohibition of
riba to prevent usurious conditions in exchanges and loans); Michael J.T.
McMillen, Islamic Shari'ah-Compliant Project Finance: Collateral Security and
Financing Structure Case Studies, 24 Fordham Int'l L.J. 1184, 1213 n.31 (2001)
(describing hawala under Shari'ah law). McMillen explains,



    The Islamic contract of hawala contemplates a situation where a creditor, A,
assigns to his own creditor, C, a debt which is owed to A by B. In order for
this contract to be effective as a contract of hawala, the amount owed to A by B
must equal exactly the amount owed by A to C. Furthermore, A must be indebted to
C and B must be indebted to A at the time the contract of hawala is concluded.
The contract of hawala may not relate to future indebtedness, a particularly
thorny issue in an ongoing funding regime for a project financing.



    Id. See also Mian Ahad Hayaud-Din, The Hawallah Network: Culture and
Economic Development In Afghanistan, 78(1,2) Int'l Soc. Science Rev., June 22,
2003, at 21 (describing Islamic principles involving hawala).





n94.  See Hegstrom, supra note 87 (reporting that Qu'ran encourages financial
relationships based on trust rather than contract); Shi'a Islamic laws on hawala
according to the Fatawa of Ayatullah al Uzama Syed Ali al-Husaini Seestani,
available at http://www.al-islam.org/laws/transactions3.html#2298 (last visited
May 9, 2004) (describing basic rules of hawala transfers). See also English
translation of one set of hawala rules by Iran's Grand Ayatollah Fazel
Lankarani, available at
http://www.lankarani.org/English/onlinepub/tawdhih-al-masael/draft.htm (last
visited May 9, 2004). See also Brisard, supra note 2, at 12-15 (describing legal
almsgiving practice of zakat required of Muslims).





n95.  See Bruce Crumley, Follow the Money; Is the Islamic Hawala Exchange System
Being Used to Bankroll the Al Qaeda Terror Network?, Time, Nov. 19, 2001, at 43
(describing interest-free hawala as exemplary of Islamic world's unique approach
to international finance); John C. Lyman, Cultural Defense: Viable Doctrine or
Wishful Thinking?, 9 Crim. Just. J. 87, 143 (1986) (propounding cultural
defenses to negate or mitigate criminal responsibility where acts are based on
actor's cultural heritage, religion, or tradition).





n96.  See Hayaud-Din, supra note 93 (describing hawala as culturally ingrained
and clashing with Western ideals). Because of the economic infrastructure and
instability in Afghanistan, Hayaud-Din argues that a centralized banking system
based in Kabul would never integrate as well as hawala networks. Id.





n97.  See e.g. Kapoor, supra note 24 (describing use of hawala in notorious
corruption scandal in India); Carroll, supra note 3 (describing illegality
pervasive in alternative remittance systems); Jamwal, supra note 17 (discussing
role of hawala in terrorist financing in Kashmir); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4
(stating that terrorists in India used hawala network to transfer funds); El
Qorchi, supra note 4, at 12-13 (listing illegal activities associated with
hawala networks); Maimbo, supra note 4, at 14 (stating that hawala is vulnerable
to money launderers and those seeking to finance terrorism); Passas 2, supra
note 12 (listing crimes associated with informal value transfer systems).





n98.  See Int'l Narcotics Control Report 1999, supra note 13 (identifying hawala
networks as key in money laundering and financial crimes in South Asia). The
report describes a 1999 investigation into international alien smuggling ring
into the United States that relied on hawala networks. Id. But see Wilson, supra
note 5, at 10 (stating hawala remittances have "little to do with underground or
illicit economic activity"); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 10 (positing that
hawala-related crime may be exaggerated given that they are one of numerous
systems used by money launderers).





n99.  See Dam, supra note 1 (describing American efforts to stop terrorist
financing); Ilias Bantekas, Current Development: The International Law of
Terrorist Financing, 97 Am. J. Int'l L. 315, 328-29 (2003)(describing ease with
which terrorist money infiltrates legitimate or illegitimate money); Meenakshi
Ganguly, A Banking System Built for Terrorism, Time, Oct. 25, 2001, available at
http://www.time.com/time/world/article/0,8599, 178227,00.html (reporting links
between hawala networks and terrorism). But see Terrorist Financing, supra note
2, at 3 (characterizing U.S. government's battle against terrorist financing as
weak). The General Accounting Office ("GAO") reports that the extent to which
terrorists use alternate financing mechanisms is not known and faults the U.S.
government for poor understanding of methods terrorists use, weak intelligence
gathering, and lack of rigorous analysis and data sharing. Id. See also Having
Escaped Regulation for Ages, Hawala Defies Controls, supra note 22 (pointing out
that commercial banks, wittingly and unwittingly, have helped Osama bin Laden
transfer funds); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (stating that hawala transactions
are often disguised within other legitimate business activity).





n100.  See Judy Pasternak & Stephen Braun, Emirates Looked Other Way While Al
Qaeda Funds Flowed; Finance: For years the Persian Gulf Country Shrugged Off
Warnings from U.S. Officials About Money Laundering, L.A. Times, Jan. 20, 2002,
at A1 (detailing money transfers between U.A.E banks and U.S. banks). An Al
Barakaat branch in the United Arab Emirates wired U.S.$ 9,485 to a Florida
SunTrust bank account in the names of Marwan Al-Shehhi and Mohamed Atta, the
leader of the September 11th hijacking operation. Id. On August 30, 2000, U.S.$
19,985 was wired and on September 18, 2000, U.S.$ 69,985 was wired to that
account. Id. See also David Olinger, The Bucks Stop, Start Here: Open Climate in
Arab Emirates Made Transfers Easy for Terrorists, Denver Post, Feb. 24, 2002, at
8 (reporting that Florida SunTrust bank generated suspicious activity report for
largest amount, U.S.$ 69,000, but was lost in myriad transactions reported by
U.S. banks); Brisard, supra note 2, at 9 (positing that hawala system is an "end
user" tool rather than primary tool or instrument for moving money).





n101.  See Robert O'Harrow, Jr. et al., Bin Laden's Money Takes Hidden Path to
Agents of Terror; Records Hint at Complex Financial Web, Wash. Post, Sept. 21,
2001, at A13 (reporting bin Laden's wealth at U.S.$ 300 million); Adam Cohen,
How Bin Laden Funds His Network, Time, Oct. 1, 2001, at 63 (discussing bin
Laden's wealth); Ganguly, supra note 99 (reporting on terrorists' reliance on
hawala networks); Crumley, supra note 95 (reporting that Mohamed Atta received
cash wire transfers from suspected bin Laden operative); Farah, supra note 24
(reporting that part of U.S.$ 500,000 used to fund attacks came from Dubai).





n102.  See Brisard, supra note 2, 26-28 (describing practice of zakat as primary
source of terrorism funding rather than alternative remittance systems). For
example, Saudis contribute approximately U.S.$ 10 billion per year in zakat
donations to more than 240 charities in the form of bank transfers. Id. Brisard
notes the "severe internal resistance from its religious branch to act
decisively against funding [terrorist] networks." Id. See also Terrorist
Financing, supra note 2, at 3 (stating that extent to which terrorists use
hawala networks is unknown); Public Hearing of the Nat'l Commission on Terrorist
Attacks Upon the United States, Apr. 1, 2003 (statement of Lee S. Wolosky,
Boies, Schiller & Flexner, LLP) (testifying that Al-Qaeda and other Islamic
terrorist groups have taken advantage of zakat). Wolosky testified that many
Muslims donate at least 2.5% of their income [zakat] to prominent, trusted
community leaders or institutions, who then commingle and disperse donated
moneys to persons and charities they determine to be worthy. Id. Passas 2, supra
note 12 (positing that hawala networks are not only or main vehicle of illegal
or terrorist funds).





n103.  See Don Van Natta Jr., Terrorists Blaze a New Money Trail, N.Y. Times,
Sept. 28, 2003, at A1 (reporting that September 11th attacks cost an estimated
U.S.$ 500,000; the attack on the American destroyer Cole in October 2000 was
estimated at U.S.$ 5,000 to U.S.$ 10,000; the October 2002 bombing of Bali
nightclub cost approximately U.S.$ 74,000); Dan Eggen & Kathleen Day, U.S. Ties
Hijackers' Money to Al Qaeda; Investigators See Cash Trail as Key, Wash. Post,
Oct. 7, 2001, at A1 (describing links between Al Qaeda terrorist network and
September 11th hijackers). Two men with names similar to that of two of the
hijackers brought U.S.$ 14,000 and U.S.$ 20,000 in bulk cash and declared these
amounts to Customs. Id.





n104.  See Carroll, supra note 3 (noting that hawala system is intertwined with
gold smuggling and money movement through import/export invoicing manipulation);
Bantekas, supra note 99, 315-18 (describing how terrorists use both legitimate
and illegitimate funds); Jamwal, supra note 17 (stating that funding terrorism
through hawala comprises miniscule part of overall black economy in India).





n105.  See O'Harrow, supra note 101 (reporting on Al Qaeda fundraising
activities); Brisard, supra note 2, at 3 (pointing out that Al Qaeda revenues
come primarily from legal sources).





n106.  See Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52, at 42-43
(recognizing that hawala networks intersect with traditional financial
institutions for terrorist financiers to obtain currency); Ganguly, supra note
99 (discussing elusive nature of hawala networks); Daniel Williams, Swiss Probe
Illustrates Difficulties in Tracking Al Qaeda's Cash, Wash. Post, Nov. 12, 2001,
at A19 (discussing "infinite" channels in hawala networks). But see Brisard,
supra note 2, at 8-9 (arguing that hawala systems are not main tool for moving
terrorist money).





n107.  See Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering, Combating the Abuse
of Alternative Remittance Systems, Int'l Best Practices, June 20, 2003 (agreeing
to extend anti-money laundering requirements to alternative remittance systems
in October 2001); Report to the Congress, supra note 47, at 6-10 (describing
Bank Secrecy Act provisions); El Qorchi, supra note 4, at 24 (listing other laws
such as Money Services Act that require licensing provisions for certain money
services businesses in United States); Maimbo, supra note 4, at 21 (describing
legislation that addresses hawala networks).





n108.  See Kaufman, supra note 88 (describing Al Barakaat hawala shutdown);
Florangela Davila & Ray Rivera, U.S. Urged to Drop Trade-Ban Case Man's Company
Helped Iraqi People, Supporters Say, Seattle Trib., Apr. 22, 2003, at B1
(reporting on charges against Hussein Alshafei); Dan Eggen, 3 N.Y. Men Arrested
for Money Transfers; Nearly $ 500,000 Allegedly Sent to Yemen, Wash. Post, Dec.
18, 2002, at A2 (describing charges against Mohammed Albanna).





n109.  See Paul Beckett, Informal Money-Movement System in UAE Is Likely
Uncontrollable, Wall St. J., Nov. 12, 2001, at A6 (reporting on U.A.E.
government's hawala regulations).





n110.  See Critics Question US Tools Against Terror Funding, Khaleej Times, Feb.
7, 2004 (criticizing USA PATRIOT Act provisions); Raveendran, supra note 3
(describing shortcomings with U.S. hawala regulations).





n111.  See USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, 115 Stat. 272 (2001). See also
J.M. Lawrence, War on Terrorism; Anti-Terror Laws in Place; Feds Urgently
Implement Crackdown, Bost. Herald, Oct. 27, 2001, at 5 (reporting that USA
PATRIOT Act was swiftest-moving bills in federal history due in part to sense of
vulnerability after attacks). Lawrence reports that that USA PATRIOT Act was
rushed because many lawmakers were preoccupied with anthrax contamination and
had less opportunity to consider legislation fully. Id. See also Bantekas, supra
note 99, at 328-29 (discussing swift U.S. reaction to September 11th in passing
USA PATRIOT Act).





n112.  See USA PATRIOT Act 302 (a)(2).





n113.  See id., at tit. III.





n114.  See id., at 359, 373. See also BSA Gets Great Expansion in Coverage,
Reach and Strength, 13(1) Money Laundering Alert, Nov. 2001, at 5 (discussing
USA PATRIOT Act provisions that expand definition of "financial institution" to
include underground banking systems, such as hawala and requires all "financial
institutions" to maintain anti-money laundering programs).





n115.  See USA PATRIOT Act 359.





n116.  See id., at 373. See also Having Escaped Regulation For Ages, Hawala
Defies Controls, supra note 22 (recognizing that although hawala is not
mentioned by name, its description as financial institution subjects it to
Treasury Department regulations); Charles Doyle, The USA PATRIOT Act: A Legal
Analysis, CRS Rep. for Cong., Apr. 15, 2002, at 30 (describing USA PATRIOT Act
provisions that require financial institutions to implement due diligent
policies, procedures, and controls).





n117.  See USA PATRIOT Act 373(b)(1)(A).





n118.  See id., at 359. See also Int'l Narcotics Control Strategy Report, 2003
Released by the Bureau for Int'l Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (Mar.
2004) (listing indicators of suspicious activity: frequent domestic and
international ATM activity, even dollar deposits or transfers, no known source
of income, use of wire transfers to move funds to and from high risk geographic
locations, frequent address changes, occupation "student," purchases of military
items or technology, and media reports on suspected/arrested terrorists or
groups).





n119.  See USA PATRIOT Act 321, 356. See also Doyle, supra note 116, at 25
(describing provisions that require financial institutions to track anyone who
transports more than U.S.$ 10,000 into or out of United States).





n120.  See USA PATRIOT Act 311. See also Doyle, supra note 116, at 27-29
(describing provisions that require certain institutions that pose money
laundering risks to keep more extensive records); Angela D. Hardister, Can We
Buy Peace on Earth?: The Price of Freezing Terrorist Assets in a Post-September
11 World, 28 N.C.J. Int'l L. & Com. Reg. 605, 620-21 (2003) (describing
extraterritorial reach of USA PATRIOT Act provisions).





n121.  See USA PATRIOT Act 315-316, 319-20, 371, 373, 376, 806.





n122.  See Draft Copy of The Vital Interdiction of Criminal Terrorist
Organizations Act 2003, S., 108th Cong. 103 [hereinafter "VICTORY Act"],
available at http://www. libertythink.com/VICTORYAct2.pdf (last visited May 6,
2004). The proposed VICTORY Act explicitly mentions "hawalas," and states that a
"transfer of funds shall be considered to involve the proceeds of specified
unlawfully activity" if it is "part of a set of parallel or dependent
transactions, any one of which involves the proceeds of specified unlawful
activity." Id.; Dan Eggen, GOP Bill Would Add Anti-Terror Powers, Wash. Post,
Aug. 21, 2003, at A3 (describing lower standards for convicting defendants of
money laundering through hawala networks in proposed VICTORY Act).





n123.  See Treasury Officials on Anti-Terrorism Finance Initiative U.S. Seeks to
Break Up Terrorists' Financial Networks, supra note 7 (discussing U.S.-led
initiatives); Dam, supra note 1 (describing composition of financial
antiterrorism task force known as Green Quest); Bantekas, supra note 99, at 329
(discussing formation of Operation Green Quest). See also President Announces
Crackdown on Terrorist Financial Network, Remarks of Pres. George Bush (Nov. 7,
2001), available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2001/11/20011107-4.html (quoting
President Bush's strategy). He stated:



    The United States is pressing the war against terror on every front. From
the mountains of Afghanistan to the bank accounts of terrorist organizations.
The first strike in the war against terror targeted the terrorists' financial
support. We put the world's financial institutions on notice: if you do business
with terrorists, if you support them or sponsor them, you will not do business
with the United States of America.



    Id.





n124.  See Dam, supra note 1 (describing successes of law enforcement efforts);
Edmund L. Andrews, Traces of Terror: The Money Trail; White House Denies Report
Qaeda Funds Are Flowing, N.Y. Times, Aug. 30, 2002, at A10 (describing
international cooperation in freezing funds); Michael M. Phillips & Ian Johnson,
U.S.-European Divisions Hinder Drive to Block Terrorists' Assets: Some Countries
Identify Few Targets Except Those That Are of Local Interest, Wall St. J., Apr.
11, 2002, at A1 (reporting that governments worldwide have clamped down on
assets of alleged terrorist groups). The United States has blocked U.S.$ 34
million in assets allegedly tied to terrorism, the Europeans U.S.$ 35 million
and other countries another U.S.$ 35 million).





n125.  See Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52, at 5 (discussing
specific progress made in stopping terrorist financing). The report states that
since September 11th, the estimated worldwide total of assets with possible
terrorist links seized is over U.S.$ 60 million. Id. See also Hearing on the
Role of Charities and NGO's in the Financing of Terrorist Activities, Before the
Subcomm. on Int'l Trade and Fin., Comm. on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs,
107th Congress 6-14 (Aug. 1, 2002)(statement of Kenneth W. Dam, Deputy
Secretary, Treas. Dep't) (testifying that since September 11th, the United
States has designated seven foreign charitable organizations as linked to Al
Qaeda, has shut down two prominent U.S.-based charities with alleged ties to
Osama bin Laden and Taliban, and seized at least U.S.$ 2.4 million in charitable
funds); Kurt Eichenwald, U.S. Freezes Assets of 2 Groups, for Diverting Gifts to
Al Qaeda, N.Y. Times, Jan. 10, 2002, at A17 (discussing U.S. freezing efforts).





n126.  See Josh Meyer, Cutting Money Flow to Terrorists Proves Difficult;
Nations at the Heart of Al Qaeda's Network Lack Financial Safeguards, and the
Global Alliance Is Weaker; Cells Are Now Deeper Underground, L.A. Times, Sept.
28, 2003, at 1 (describing results of Operation Green Quest); Beckett, supra
note 109 (reporting that U.A.E. government has complied with several U.S.
requests to freeze bank accounts including twelve accounts allegedly related to
Al Barakaat hawala network). But see Hardister, supra note 120 (criticizing U.S.
freezing of assets as overreaching).





n127.  See Van Natta, supra note 103 (quoting U.S Treasury Department's general
counsel about decrease in Al Qaeda funds); Fact Sheet: Shutting Down the
Terrorist Financial Network, Press Release by Office of the Press Secretary,
Executive Office of the President (Nov. 7, 2001) available at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/pressreleases/2001/11/print/20011107-6.html
[hereinafter Fact Sheet], (stating that U.S. government had blocked over U.S.$
26 million in assets of Taliban and Al Qaeda and other Nations had blocked at
least U.S.$ 17 million); Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52, at
34-36 (discussing specific indictments against charities that provided material
support to terrorists). But see Mohamed Nimer, Muslims In America After 9-11, 7
J. Islamic L. & Culture 1, 28-29 (Fall 2002 / Winter 2003) (discussing freezing
assets of Islamic charities). Nimer argues that shutting down religious
charities because of suspicion that some of its associates or recipients have
extreme political views is a form of discriminatory profiling. Id.





n128.  See Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 24 n.44 (reporting that U.S.
government had only frozen U.S.$ 719,832 in Al Qaeda assets as of July 31,
2003). The GAO reports that the frozen funds are rough indicators of the extent
of terrorist financial flows, but U.S. government officials have not been able
to provide indicators about terrorist assets outside of formal mechanisms. Id.
See also Ron Howell, Cash Lifeline Cut; Terror Law Hampers Unlicensed Money
Transfer Companies, Newsday, Jan. 5, 2004, at A3 (describing prosecutions of
dozens of Middle Eastern and South Asian immigrants for running unlicensed
hawala brokers). Howell reports that in December 2003, a federal jury in
Brooklyn convicted a Yemeni immigrant, Ali Kassim Kassim of conducting an
unlicensed money transmitting business, part of a hawala network. Id. More than
a dozen other Yemeni-born men have pleaded guilty to participating in that
network, but none of these hawala prosecutions involved charges of terrorism.
Id.





n129.  See Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 4 (reporting that U.S
government faces challenges to monitoring alternative financing mechanisms in
terms of accessibility, adaptability of terrorists and competing priorities);
Gauvin, supra note 86 (arguing that increased reporting requirements could
hinder criminal investigations). Gauvin writes, "The art of intelligence
gathering has always hinged on the ability of analysts to separate the wheat
from the chaff, or to find the useful signal hidden in the distracting noise of
information. Adding more noise is unlikely to make that task easier." Id. See
also Mariano-Florentino Cuellar, Criminal Law: the Tenuous Relationship Between
the Fight Against Money Laundering and the Disruption of Criminal Finance, 93 J.
Crim. L. & Criminology 311, 380 (arguing that traditional law enforcement cannot
detect non-traditional criminal financial activity); George A. Lyden, The
International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing Act of
2001: Congress Wears a Blindfold While Giving Money Laundering Legislation a
Facelift, 8 Fordham J. Corp. & Fin. L. 201 (arguing that U.S. efforts are
substantially ineffective in war on terrorism).





n130.  See Howell, supra note 128 (reporting increased use of official means,
such as banks and other licensed institutions, rather than hawala networks to
send money). A spokesperson at the Pakistani mission to the United Nations said
remittances through official channels such as banks and other licensed
institutions have dramatically risen in the past two years. Id. Roughly U.S.$
300 million was sent through U.S. institutions in the year before September
11th, compared with U.S.$ 2.1 billion in the past year. Id. See also Michael M.
Phillips, U.S. Says It Cut Off Up to $ 20 Million in Al Qaeda Funds, Wall St.
J., Jan. 29, 2002, at A22 (stating that approximately 8,500 hawalas and other
money-service businesses have registered with federal government since new
regulations). But see Cottle, supra note 78 (arguing that crackdown has pushed
terrorist activity further underground); Van Natta, supra note 103 (reporting
that terrorists may have become more savvy at hiding money); Hardister, supra
note 120, at 641-42 (describing resistance to U.S. freezing efforts).





n131.  See Eggen & Day, supra note 103 (reporting scope of paperwork
requirements). Large banks might typically handle 10,000 to 125,000 wire
transfers per day, and about 70% are for amounts less than U.S.$ 500,000. Id.
See also Lyden, supra note 129, at 231 (stating that extra paperwork for banks
is "virtually useless"); Bradley Skolnik, Reining in Wall Street Regulators,
Chicago Trib., July 7, 2003, at 17 (describing USA PATRIOT Act's anti-money
laundering provisions as cumbersome and costly). Skolnik comments that these
regulations have spawned a cottage industry of law firms offering expensive
seminars and services to help brokerages navigate these new regulations. Id. The
regulations affects small business and of the NASD's 5,300 member firms, about
50% have only ten or fewer registered people and approximately 75% have no more
than fifty brokers. Id. Each new regulation adds to the cost of transactions on
Wall Street, which are borne out by investors. Id.





n132.  See Eggen & Day, supra note 103 (reporting that banks did not make error
in failing to follow guidelines for detecting or reporting suspicious
activities); Passas 2, supra note 12 (arguing that "knee jerk" law enforcement
response to regulating hawala is inadequate because many terrorists use formal
banking networks).





n133.  See Third Public Hearing of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks
upon the United States, July 9, 2003 (statement of Rohan Gunaratna, Head of
Terrorism Research, Inst. for Defense and Strategic Studies, Singapore) (stating
that despite Western efforts to regulate formal banking systems, underground
unregulated banking networks have grown larger); Eggen & Day, supra note 103
(reporting that two alleged hijackers declared U.S.$ 14,000 and U.S.$ 20,000 in
bulk cash to Customs, but did not raise suspicions); Bantekas, supra note 99, at
321 (noting that several hijackers opened bank accounts without social security
numbers).





n134.  See How Two Dates Transformed Money Laundering Field Worldwide, 13(12)
Money Laundering Alert, Oct. 2002, at 1 (arguing that money laundering
provisions in USA PATRIOT Act were bills that had been pending in Congress for
years). These bills were designed primarily to detect traditional money
laundering scenarios rather than terrorist financing. Id. See also Cooper &
Johnson, supra note 36 (reporting that German officials discovered hawala
activity in one instance without relying on any money laundering laws). The
hawala broker regularly performed his transactions at the same McDonald's
restaurant and eventually drew the attention of security guards. Id. The guards
called the police, who got permission to wiretap his phones, which revealed his
work for Al Barakaat. Id.





n135.  See Terrorist Financing, supra note 2 (reporting that FinCEN officials
had insufficient resources to draft regulations under USA PATRIOT Act). The new
provisions imposed regulations on many financial institutions that were not
previously subject to comprehensive anti-money laundering regulations, such as
automobile and boat dealers, pawn brokers, and dealers in precious metals,
stones, or jewels. Id. This requires time and resources to study and consult
with law enforcement and industry leaders. Id. See also Eric Lichtblau & Timothy
L. O'Brien, U.S. Struggles to Track How Terrorists Finance Their Operations,
Int'l Herald Daily Trib., Dec. 13, 2003, at 2 (noting difficulty of tracing
terrorist money especially when funds are transferred in small amounts).





n136.  See Izzidin Hussein Razem, Post-9/11 Rule Changes Leaving Banks with
Tougher Choices, Money Laundering Alert, Jan. 2004 (finding problematic that
banks provide SARs when financial investigations units lack competent and
experienced staff); How Two Dates Transformed Money Laundering Field Worldwide,
supra note 134 (questioning customer identification requirements given that U.S.
agents are "baffled" with Arabic names); Cottle, supra note 78 (quoting one
former Clinton Treasury official, "If you can even find a hawala broker to
interview, one, you'll be doing better than the FBI").





n137.  See Report to the Congress, supra note 47, at 16 (urging better education
for law enforcement and financial businesses on hawala networks); Jost
Statement, supra note 1 (suggesting more efficient ways to regulate hawala
networks); Skolnik, supra note 131 (commenting that problems are with
enforcement rather than legislation); Critics Question US Tools Against Terror
Funding, supra note 110 (critiquing USA PATRIOT Act provisions because they rely
on same tactics used to detect money laundering, which is problematic given that
terrorists often deal in much smaller sums than money launderers).





n138.  See Maimbo, supra note 4, at 21 (noting that many Afghani hawala brokers
interviewed stated they had no incentive to declare their activities for
external monitoring). Even if it were possible, their transactions are so varied
it would be impossible to develop a consistent set of guidelines and standards.
Id. See also Hayaud-Din, supra note 93 (criticizing attempts to implement
Western model of centralized banking given that "the Hawallah system reaches
into the remotest regions of the Nation more quickly, cheaply, and efficiently
than any modern bank in the industrialized world"); Wolosky, supra note 102
(testifying that because hawala activity is intended to be without
record-keeping or paper trails, the likelihood that individuals will register is
quite remote); Nithin Belle, Hawala Racket Continues to Fox Authorities, Khaleej
Times, Feb. 18, 2004 (reporting on unsuccessful attempts by Indian government to
regulate hawala operations). A big obstacle is that hawala premiums offer 5-7%
of official exchange rates. Id. See also Nigel Morris-Cotterill, Fraud - Is the
Big Clean-up a Wash Out? - Nigel Morris-Cotterill Assesses the Initiatives
Introduced in the Past Year to Counter Money Laundering and Corporate Fraud,
Banker, Oct. 1, 2002 (arguing that USA PATRIOT Act impinges on privacy of
overseas customers).





n139.  See Int'l Narcotics Control Report 1999, supra note 13 (estimating that
size of underground economies in South Asia are 50-100% that of "documented"
economies); Cottle, supra note 78 (reporting that other Nations such as India
have tried to regulate hawala unsuccessfully); Kapoor, supra note 24 (describing
unsuccessful verdict in political corruption scandal involving hawala
transactions). Cf. Wilson, supra note 5, at 11 (describing successful attempt to
regulate hawala networks in Philippines). Hawala use in the Philippines, which
has millions of expatriate workers and migrants, has decreased mainly as a
result of improvements and cost reductions for banking channels, and also
unification of the exchange rate. Id.





n140.  See Beckett, supra note 109 (reporting that legitimate wire-transfer and
banking services would become an attractive alternative if countries abolished
controls that restrict currency flows); Maimbo, supra note 4, at 21 (describing
heavy reliance of hawala networks throughout Afghanistan because of lack of
other alternatives); Passas 1, supra note 3, at 69 (noting that after Philippine
government abolished currency exchange controls in 1995, official remittances
quadrupled).





n141.  See Middle East Review World of Information, supra note 73 (discussing
prevalence of hawala use in United Arab Emirates); Timothy L. O'Brien, U.S.
Focusing on Dubai As a Terrorist Financial Center, N.Y. Times, Oct. 5, 2003, at
13 (describing new focus on Dubai after September 11th); Olinger, supra note 100
(providing background on hawala prevalence in United Arab Emirates); Raveendran,
supra note 3 (reporting heavy hawala use in United Arab Emirates).





n142.  See Olinger, supra note 100 (reporting large number of unlicensed
hawala); O'Brien, supra note 141 (noting legitimacy of hawala in United Arab
Emirates); Raveendran, supra note 3 (reporting that Western countries lack
appreciation of hawala's long historical existence).





n143.  See Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (stating reasons for extended hawala use
in United Arab Emirates). Laborers from South Asia make up about half the
U.A.E.'s population and rely on hawala to send money home. Id. Dubai's large
gold market is the source of much of the gold sent (licitly and illicitly) to
India and Pakistan. Id. See also O'Brien, supra note 141 (reporting on Dubai's
large expatriate labor force); Raveendran, supra note 3 (reporting Dubai as key
point in global hawala network due to expatriate workers and businessmen).
Hawala use often takes the form of flight of capital resulting from exchange
controls, regulations against outflow of funds and other policies followed by
many Asian countries. Id.





n144.  See O'Brien, supra note 141 (reporting that this hawala triangle forms
backbone of system that abets terrorism); Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4
(discussing illegality of hawala in India and Pakistan).





n145.  See Pasternak & Braun, supra note 100 (reporting that some hijackers
wired approximately U.S.$ 18,000 to U.A.E. account); Beckett, supra note 109
(describing U.S.$ 110,000 wire transfers between U.A.E. banks and U.S. banks).
Immediately, before the attacks, three of the suspected hijackers used a
Boston-based Western Union to send U.S.$ 5,000 and for U.S.$ 5,400 to U.A.E.
bank. Id. But see UAE Defends Hawala System, Dec. 18, 2003, available at
http://uaeinteract.com/news/default.asp?cntDisplay= 20&ID=140 (denying U.S.
reports that U.A.E. banks were used to finance September 11th terror attacks).





n146.  See Pasternak & Braun, supra note 100 (reporting that United Arab
Emirates had ties to Taliban before September 11th).





n147.  See Beckett, supra note 109 (reporting that U.A.E. exchange houses must
get government-issued identification from customers for any transaction over
U.S.$ 550); Middle East Review World of Information, supra note 73 (listing
U.A.E. efforts to tighten regulations of hawala); Olinger, supra note 100
(describing increased scrutiny on United Arab Emirates).





n148.  See Raveendran, supra note 3 (describing contention with U.S. regulatory
efforts); O'Brien, supra note 141 (reporting that despite hawala registry,
hawala brokers are largely left to police themselves); Hardister, supra note
120, at 639-41 (noting that United States cannot rely on other countries such as
Saudi Arabia to act as fervently in combating terrorism); Follow the Money,
Economist, June 1, 2002 (arguing that even if America's regime against terrorist
financing were impregnable within its own borders, terrorists could still take
advantage of its links with countries that take laxer attitude).





n149.  See UAE Defends Hawala System, supra note 145 (describing resistance to
American-led efforts). The U.A.E. Central Governor recently stated that, "the
Hawala system is internationally recognised and no one can dare to cast doubt
over it. It is recognised by 62 countries of the world including the G7 whose
financial transactions control 80 per cent of the world financial order." Id.
See also Raveendran, supra note 3 (reporting on Suwaidi's defense of hawala
networks); Hayaud-Din, supra note 93 (arguing that Afghanis will not accept
foreign regulatory model unless it operates in accordance with Islamic
principles).





n150.  See UAE Defends Hawala System, supra note 145 (blaming United States for
not detecting terrorist financing); Raveendran, supra note 3 (arguing that every
money laundering transaction interfaces with formal banking at some stage).





n151.  See Positive Aspects for Hawala Highlighted, May 5, 2002, available at
http://uaeinteract.com/news/default.asp?cntDisplay=10&ID=140 (describing results
of conference on hawala networks). The declaration came after two days of
deliberations by experts, bankers, law enforcement agencies and international
regulators at the conference hosted by the U.A.E. Central Bank. Id. Over 300
delegates from the regional and international financial community including
representatives from Europe and the United States attended the conference. Id.





n152.  See Abu Dhabi Declaration on Hawala, available at
http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/eotffc/programs/Hawala-conf.pdf(reprinting
declaration). See also Follow the Money, Economist, June 1, 2002 (reporting that
American officials at conference said that cheap efficiency of white hawala,
makes it a "beautiful" system).





n153.  See id.





n154.  See UAE Central Bank Issues Certificates to Hawala Brokers, Sept. 9,
2003, available at http://uaeinteract.com/news/default.asp?cntDisplay=10&ID=140
(describing new certificates issued to hawala brokers); IFT's Role in Financial
System Discussed, Khaleej Times, Apr. 6, 2004 (describing hawala as integral
part of international financial system).





n155.  See Central Bank Issues 55 Licenses to Hawala Brokers, Khaleej Times,
Sept. 14, 2003 (reporting that hawala brokers and intermediaries must provide
details of money transfers and report any dubious money transfers to Central
Bank immediately); UAE Defends Hawala System, supra note 145 (describing first
steps in regulating hawala); Muawia E. Ibrahim, UAE Money Laundering Law
Selected by UN As a Model, Khaleej Times, Mar. 5, 2004 (reporting that United
Nations selected U.A.E.'s regulations on hawala money transmitting system as
model for other countries). According to Michael A. DeFeo, Terrorism Prevention
Branch of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime, the U.A.E.'s regulations observe
principles of Islamic jurisprudence, something that a UN model or European
legislation could not have. Id.





n156.  See Abu Dhabi Declaration on Hawala (May 2002) (cited in Maimbo, supra
note 4, at 36 ann.5) (announcing that U.A.E. government imposes licensing
requirement on hawalas). See also USA PATRIOT Act, Pub. L. No. 107-56, 115 Stat.
272 359, 373 (2001) (expanding definition of "financial institution" to include
underground banking systems, such as hawala and requiring all "financial
institutions" to maintain anti-money laundering programs). See also President
Announces Crackdown on Terrorist Financial Network, supra note 123 (stating that
G8 partners and others, including United Arab Emirates have blocked assets and
coordinated enforcement action).





n157.  See Ganguly, supra note 99 (describing hawala networks as "labyrinthine"
of shadiness); O'Brien, supra note 141 (citing elusive nature and daunting
difficulties in "penetrating the maze" of hawala networks). Cf. Raveendran,
supra note 3 (distinguishing between hawala use for criminal intent and for
justifiable purposes); Anne C. Richard, Europe Can Do More to Shut Down
Terrorist Funds; the Money Trail, Int'l Herald Daily Trib., Mar. 19, 2004, at 6
(contrasting American "zero-tolerance approach" to regulation with European
approach).





n158.  See UAE Defends Hawala System, supra note 145 (defending legitimacy of
hawala operations); Beckett, supra note 109 (discussing prevalence of hawala
networks in Dubai and reluctance to take concrete action); Hawala Operators to
be Licensed, May 28, 2002, available at
http://uaeinteract.com/news/default.asp?cntDisplay=50& ID=140 (reporting
conference finding that hawala was widespread and permanent and what was needed
is regulation and supervision).





n159.  See Emirates Post Opens Window to Somalia, Somaliland Times, July 1, 2003
(reporting that Somalis in the United Arab Emirates will be able to transfer
money legally). This is the first international postal agreement for Somalia and
the nearly 75,000 Somalis residing in the U.A.E. will not only be able to
transfer money but will also be able to send letters and parcels to Somalia. Id.
See also Hayaud-Din, supra note 93 (describing Saudi Arabian government and
banks working together to develop efficient outlet for money transfers for large
expatriate population); Noguchi, supra note 44 (offering suggestions on how to
use hawala networks positively). The Asian Development Bank found that one
midway point between alternative remittance systems and the long-term goal of
establishing a more user-friendly formal banking sector is to design innovative,
legal remittance methods that target certain groups. Id. A special system could
be used to deliver money for overseas workers in a specific country, for
example. Id. Once people have a competitive legal option to send money, and they
begin to move away from informal dealers, it will be easier for the authorities
to track terrorists and criminals who still use the older system. Id. See also
IVTS Seen Emerging As Money Transfer Solution, Khaleej Times, Apr. 5, 2004
(describing discussion at Second International Conference on Hawala in Abu
Dhabi). Conference participants stressed the huge economic contributions that
migrant workers supplied. Id.





n160.  See Dam, supra note 1 (advocating increased efforts against hawala
brokers and other informal systems); Kaufman, supra note 88 (reporting on U.S.
government shutdown of Al Barakaat hawala network); How Two Dates Transformed
Money Laundering Field Worldwide, supra note 134 (reporting that U.S.'
"extraterritorial jurisdiction" is coerced on other Nations); Gunaratna, supra
note 133 (positing that "deep reservoir of hatred and a desire for revenge" will
remain unless United States thinks beyond counter-terrorist military and
financial dimensions). See also Stuart, supra note 75 (reporting that
initiatives to capture benefits of remittances have been left to banks or
recipient communities themselves). Stuart notes that Citigroup, which owns
Mexico's largest bank, Banamex, has cut transmission costs to compete with
unlicensed services. Id.





n161.  See Cuellar, supra note 129, at 374-80 (describing international element
of money laundering crimes); Dam, supra note 1 (repeating sentiment that
international cooperation is important). Deputy Secretary of the Treasury
Kenneth Dam stated, "International cooperation is particularly important because
the financial front of the war on terrorism cannot be won without it ... you
can't bomb a foreign bank account. You need the cooperation of host government."
Id. See also Meyer, supra note 126 (quoting Pakistan's Finance Minister Shaukat
Aziz as saying, "the global effort so far was too disjointed and anemic to have
any chance of success").





n162.  See Josh Meyer & Eric Lichtblau, Crackdown on Terror Funding Is
Questioned; Finance: U.S. Officials Say a Lack of Evidence and Fighting Among
Agencies Have Hampered the Drive, N.Y. Times, Apr. 7, 2002, at A1 (describing
different approaches to hawala regulation). Nations such as Switzerland have
asked for additional proof of wrongdoing by suspected terrorists, charities, and
other businesses before freezing assets. Id. See also Richard, supra note 157
(criticizing American "zero-tolerance approach"); Still Flush, Economist
(reporting that blacklisting countries has failed); O'Brien, supra note 141
(describing lack of international cooperation). U.A.E. officials contend that
foreign counterparts rarely respond to their requests for detailed information
to aid investigation when they do identify suspicious banking transactions. Id.
Although the United Arab Emirates filed 429 reports of suspicious transactions
between August 2001 and May 2003, and notified Canada, Italy, Luxembourg,
Portugal, Switzerland, the United States, and the United Kingdom, these
countries provided little aid. Id. See also Follow the Money, Economist, June 1,
2002 (questioning American lists of terrorist financiers). The Economist reports
that the list contained misspelt Arabic names, missing basic identifying
details, such as place and date of birth, and some of the people included turned
out to be dead. Id. Switzerland and France stopped the Revolutionary Armed
Forces of Colombia (FARC, a guerrilla army) from going on the European Union's
roster of terrorist organizations, because that might hinder their efforts to
help peace in the country. Id. The list of organizations started out with 100
names, but whittled down to ten after a number of countries had their say. Id.





n163.  See Wolosky, supra note 102 (testifying that standards of who and what
constitutes a terrorist have hindered progress). Wolosky testified that the
European Union still permits Hamas and Hezbollah to legally raise funds on its
territory. Id. Other States have been less willing to freeze funds over
designated individuals and organizations originated by the U.S. government, and
asked for increasingly sensitive intelligence information that supported the
original U.S. designations. Id. See also Razem, supra note 136 (pointing out
obstacles to regulations due to conflicting laws and different interpretations
of "terrorism" among different countries); Pasternak, supra note 100 (pointing
out that tax evasion is not a crime in the U.A.E. because U.A.E. government does
not collect taxes).





n164.  See Beckett, supra note 109 (discussing popularity and demand of hawala
among U.A.E's two million foreign laborers and arguing that any clampdown on
existing hawala brokers would simply cause others to spring up in their place);
Jost & Sandhu, supra note 4 (stating that South Asian laborers make up about
half U.A.E.'s population); Raveendran, supra note 3 (reporting on large number
of expatriate workers and businessmen in Dubai).





n165.  See Razem, supra note 136 (stating that most pressing issue against
terrorist financing is cooperation among countries and among financial
institutions at verification and investigation stages); Beckett, supra note 109
(quoting Sultan bin Nasser Al Suweidi, as, "you could say the banks are not
really keen to have in their halls these dirty laborers whose shoes are full of
dust"); Report to the Congress, supra note 47, at 17 (warning that cooperation
of hawala brokers is essential in translating records, and such cooperation
might not be forthcoming if ethnic, cultural or other sensitivities are
misunderstood or ignored by law enforcement); The Financial Front Line,
Economist, Oct. 27, 2001 (describing obstacles in regulating hawala).





n166.  See Phillips & Johnson, supra note 124 (reporting that Germany and France
have each ordered banks to block accounts of just 140 of 192 people and entities
on U.S.' alleged terrorist financiers list). Some other European countries have
focused chiefly on local problems. Id. Spain has added twenty-one names, all
alleged extremists from its restive Basque region and Britain has contributed
six, all allegedly involved in violence in Northern Ireland. Id. See also
Cottle, supra note 78 (arguing that U.S. law enforcement has failed to engage in
diplomacy); Still Flush, supra note 162 (reporting that blacklisting countries
might hurt more than it helps); Meyer, supra note 126 (describing that European
countries do not necessarily believe U.S. assertions linking hawala to
terrorism).





n167.  See Meyer, supra note 126 (reporting Operation Green Quest efforts); Fact
Sheet, supra note 127 (stating U.S. dollar amounts that Operation Green Quest
had frozen); Phillips, supra note 105 (reporting increased hawala registration
after September 11th); See Abu Dhabi Declaration on Hawala, supra note 152
(describing new hawala regulations in United Arab Emirates).





n168.  See Kaufman, supra note 88 (reporting shutdown of Al Barakaat network);
Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (describing prosecution of Hussein Alshafei);
Eggen, supra note 108 (describing prosecution of Mohammed Albanna).





n169.  See Tim Golden et al., 5 Months After Against Somali Company, Scant Proof
of Qaeda Tie, N.Y. Times, Apr. 13, 2002, at A10 (discussing broad scope of Al
Barakaat operations); Mark Turner, Barakat Pleads Innocent to US 'Terror' Claim:
Remittance Company Washington's Accusations Against the Somalian Operation Have
Led to Its Effective Closure, Fin. Times (London) Nov. 12, 2001, at 6
(describing importance of Al Barakaat). Remittances from Somali diaspora dwarf
foreign aid and livestock exports, as well as the budget of Somalia's fledgling
transitional government. Id.





n170.  See Kaufman, supra note 88 (describing importance of hawala networks to
diaspora communities); Edward Alden & Mark Turner, Assets Frozen As US Targets
Al-Qaeda Financing, Fin. Times (London), Nov. 7, 2001, at 1 (describing growth
of Al Barakaat network to include mobile phones).





n171.  See Kaufman, supra note 88 (reporting that money sent from relatives
abroad is Somalia's largest single source of income, and has been cut by more
than half); Samson Mulugeta, Somali Lifeline Now U.S. Target; Money-Transfer
Firm Says It's Innocent, Newsday, Nov. 25, 2001, at A2; Martin Merzer, Raids
Target Terrorist Assets; Businesses in Five States Handled Millions, Milwaukee
Journal Sentinel, Nov. 8, 2001, at A1 (describing worldwide scope of Al
Barakaat).





n172.  See Leslie, supra note 79 (discussing reliance on hawala networks);
Mulugeta, supra note 171 (discussing Al Barakaat as Somalia's financial lifeline
after government collapsed in 1991); Ted Wendling, Lifeline for Some Is Linked
To Terror; Money Transfers That Aid Somalis Also Tied to Al-Qaida, Plain Dealer
(Cleveland), Dec. 3, 2001, at A11 (describing Somali refugees' reliance on
hawala networks in Columbus, Ohio). One community member sends U.S.$ 500 each
month to Somalia to support fifty-five relatives. Id. Another said he was
shocked to learn that the U.S. government believed that Somali refugees, having
fled their war-ravaged homeland, would come to the United States and begin
supporting terrorists. Id.





n173.  See Leslie, supra note 79 (reporting that Somalis from Minnesota wired
about U.S.$ 7 million each month in 2000); Mulugeta, supra note 171 (stating Al
Barakaat controlled 60% of U.S.$ 650 million in annual remittances by Somalis
living abroad); Chris Tomlinson, Somali Banker Accused of Being Al-Qaida Money
Man in Legal Limbo Two Years Later, The State (Columbia, SC), Oct. 27, 2003
(reporting that Al Barakaat handled U.S.$ 12 million in money transfers each
year).





n174.  See Dam, supra note 1 (hailing shutdown of Al Barakaat as successful).
President Bush announced sanctions against the Al Barakaat company on November
7, 2001 and stated that it, "raised funds for Al Qaeda. They manage, invest and
distribute those funds. They provide terrorist supporters with Internet
service... . They even arrange for the shipment of weapons." Id. See also
Golden, supra note 169 (discussing U.S. government's allegations against Al
Barakaat); Merzer, supra note 171 (stating U.S. government's rationale for
shutting down Al Barakaat); Edward Alden & Mark Huband, Case Still Open on
'Terror's Quartermasters': But the US Remains Convinced That Barakat, the Somali
Money-Transfer Group, Funds Al-Qaeda, Fin. Times (London) Feb. 21, 2002
(reporting that Paul O'Neill called Al Barakaat "the quartermasters of terror"
and "a pariah in the civilised world").





n175.  See Dam, supra note 1 (noting that U.S. government disrupted U.S.$
300-400 million in annual flows through hawala networks); Phillips, supra note
105 (reporting that Bush administration has named Al Barakaat a
"terrorist-related financial entity"); Golden, supra note 169 (reporting on Al
Barakaat shutdown).





n176.  See Fact Sheet, supra note 127 (stating Jimale's links to bin Laden). The
White House alleged that Al Barakaat raises, manages, invests, and distributes
funds for Al Qaeda. Id. See also Golden, supra note 169 (reporting that Al
Barakaat's founder, Ahmed Nur Ali Jumale befriended Osama bin Laden). Golden
also reports that Mr. Jumale claims he has never met bin Laden. Id. See also
Merzer, supra note 171 (reporting links between Al Barakaat and Al Qaeda);
Tomlinson, supra note 173 (reporting that Ahmed Nur Ali Jim'ale has been
deported to Somalia and two years after September 11th, approximately U.S.$ 8.5
million remains frozen).





n177.  See President Announces Crackdown on Terrorist Financial Network, supra
note 123 (describing U.S. Treasury Department's blocking of assets of sixty-two
individuals and organizations connected with Al Barakaat and Al Taqua
organizations).





n178.  See Dam, supra note 1 (describing financial success of Al Barakaat
shutdown); Fact Sheet, supra note 127 (reporting on freezing efforts).





n179.  See Dam, supra note 1 (describing freezing of funds in Al Barakaat
shutdown); Phillips, supra note 105 (reporting that U.S. government says it cut
off as much as U.S.$ 20 million in annual funding for al Qaeda network after
shutdown).





n180.  See Matthew Levitt, Iraq, U.S., and the War on Terror: Stemming the Flow
of Terrorist Financing: Practical and Conceptual Challenges, 27 Fletcher F.
World Aff. 59, 61 (2003) (discussing positive outcome of freezing funds);
Bantekas, supra note 99 (describing freezing efforts of U.S. government).





n181.  See Jackman, supra note 36 (describing penalties for two men who
structured transactions to United Arab Emirates); David Marshall Nissman,
Hawala, U.S. Attorneys' Bull., May 2002, at 18-20 (describing one indictment for
failing to fill out currency transaction report and structuring); Merzer, supra
note 171 (describing other arrests); Somali Man Convicted In Money Transfer,
N.Y. Times, May 1, 2002, at A22 (describing first successful prosecution after
USA PATRIOT Act in Boston). Mohamed Hussein was found guilty of two counts of
transmitting U.S.$ 2.8 million abroad without a license and is subject to two to
three years in prison. Id. There were no terrorism charges filed. Id.





n182.  See Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note 52, at 14
(documenting registrations of over 14,000 money service businesses since
September 11th); Howell, supra note 128 (discussing increased number of money
transmitting services that have now registered).





n183.  See Phillips, supra note 105 (reporting that crackdown disrupted U.S.$ 15
million to U.S.$ 20 million destined for al Qaeda as well as U.S.$ 300 million
to U.S.$ 400 million in annual flows); Mulugeta, supra note 171 (describing need
for hawala because of anarchy conditions in Somalia). Mulugeta quotes one
critic, "It's like trying to kill a fly with a sledgehammer. This is U.S.$ 600
million a year in remittances, and you cut that off, and Somalia dies." Id. See
also Richard, supra note 157 (criticizing American "zero-tolerance approach" to
hawala regulation); UAE Urges World to Isolate Hawala System Abusers, May 16,
2002, available at http://uaeinteract.com/news/default.asp?cntDisplay=50&ID=140
(arguing that prohibition of hawala networks will be unsuccessful).





n184.  See Olinger, supra note 100 (describing disruptive effect of shutdown);
Mark Turner, Barakat Telecoms Gateway Cut Off, Fin. Times (London), Nov. 16,
2001, at 15 (describing suspension of its international telecommunications
services after Concert Communications cut off its international gateway);
Kaufman, supra note 88 (describing impact of shutdown for Somalians); Hardister,
supra note 120 (arguing for alternative measures that would be equally effective
in combating financial support for terrorism without infringing on sovereignty
of foreign banks).





n185.  See Kaufman, supra note 88 (describing effects of shutdown). Kaufman
quotes a U.N. humanitarian representative in Somalia as stating, "The Al
Barakaat closure is having a very, very serious effect. We are at a point where
we have to start anticipating a crisis that could be unique in the modern state
system - collapse of an entire national economy." Id. See also Olinger, supra
note 100 (quoting several critics of hawala prosecutions). The chief executive
at the Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank stated, "When they closed this bank, they
closed the service of a Nation. It would be like, in the United States, closing
AT&T and Citibank and Microsoft." Id. Another critic stated, "They've cast a
wide net, and they aren't providing a way to correct any errors they might have
made." Id. See also William Hall et al., Cash Movers Branded As Financiers of
Terrorism, Fin. Times (London) Nov. 8, 2001 at 10 (citing Al Barakaat's vice
president as dismayed at reports linking it to terrorism, which it says are
unfounded rumors spread by political enemies); Follow the money, Economist, June
1, 2002 (reporting that Swedish government froze assets as result of Al Barakaat
shutdown, but now believes that men are innocent).





n186.  See Golden, supra note 169 (reporting that link between Al Barakaat and
Al Qaeda was overstated); Turner, supra note 169 (denying that Mogadishu office
of Barakaat International has any terrorist links). Somali hawala brokers
Barakaat International demonstrated computer records of their transfers and deny
links to Osama bin Laden or Al Qaeda. Id. See also Report to the Congress, supra
note 47 (citing challenges to law enforcement given that most U.S.-based
informal value transfer systems are legitimate and enable U.S. residents to send
money to relatives in other countries that normally do not have advanced
financial infrastructures).





n187.  See Terrorist Financing, supra note 2, at 24 n.44 (noting that U.S.
government had only frozen U.S.$ 719,832 in total Al Qaeda assets as of July 31,
2003); Golden, supra note 169 (discussing questionable prosecutions); Yousef,
supra note 80 (presuming that most individuals utilizing hawala networks in
United States are conducting legitimate activities); Tomlinson, supra note 173
(reporting that neither Jim'ale nor any of his employees have been charged with
terror-related crimes). At least two Al Barakaat employees in Alexandria,
Virginia and one in Boston were convicted of violating
minorstatebankingregulations, while employees in Minnesota and Ohio were
releasedwithoutcharge. Id. Two employees in Sweden and one in Canada were taken
off the Treasury Department terrorist financier list after their governments
protestedthere was no evidence against them. Id.





n188.  See Golden, supra note 169 (reporting skepticism at Al Barakaat shutdown
efforts); Olinger, supra note 100 (reporting doubt about links to Al Qaeda);
Tomlinson, supra note 173 (questioning Al Barakaat shutdown given that September
11th hijackers used formal banks rather than hawala networks for their financial
transactions).





n189.  See Kavita Kumar, Lifting of Sanctions Brings Relief; the Somali-Born
Owners of Two Money-Wiring Firms Have Their Names Cleared, Star Trib., Aug. 28,
2002 (reporting two cases of governmental error). In one case, the U.S.
government seized U.S.$ 500,000 from Garad Nor, a Minneapolis resident, who had
a money-wiring business called Aaran Money Wire Service Inc. Id. He was never
charged and was without his money for close to nine months. Id. He filed a
lawsuit, and after nine months the U.S. government acknowledged there was no
link to terrorism, and unfroze the money. Id. See also Nimer, supra note 127
(describing that Minneapolis-based Al Barakaat was cleared of terrorism
connections in August 2002).





n190.  See Cooper & Johnson, supra note 36 (reporting that Al Barakaat employees
are still offering their services in Bonn, Frankfurt, Munich, Holland, and
Sweden); Turner, supra note 169 (reporting that Dahabshiil company, Al
Barakaat's main competitor provides more remittance services); Wendling, supra
note 172, at A11 (describing increased business for Dahabshiil Inc. hawala after
Al Barakaat shutdown).





n191.  See Cooper & Johnson, supra note 36 (pointing out that although
money-laundering investigators generally rely on financial institutions to
report large transfers of money, most hawala users move about U.S.$ 200 a week);
Stuart, supra note 75 (noting U.N. intervention to ensure that no other money
transfer company is forcibly shut).





n192.  See Cooper & Johnson, supra note 36 (describing resilience of Al Barakaat
network).





n193.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (describing charges against
Alshafei).





n194.  See id. (describing logistics of hawala). See generally Jost & Sandhu,
supra note 4 (explaining how hawala networks operate).





n195.  See Michael Ko, Iraqi American Gets 8-Month Term, Seattle Times, Sept.
12, 2003, at B2 (describing Alshafei's motivation for hawala). See also Ray
Rivera, Judge Sets Bail for Man Accused of Aiding Iraq; Suspect Says Saddam Slew
His Father, Uncle Years Ago, Seattle Times, Dec. 25, 2002, at B1 (indicating
that prosecutors were investigating whether cash was used to support terrorism
or Sadaam Hussein regime).





n196.  See Todd Bensman, Motive In Transfers Debated; Authorities See a Threat;
Iraqis in U.S. Say Funds Keep Kin Alive at Home, Dallas Morning News, Jan. 21,
2003, at 15A (describing repressive regime for Shiites). One Iraqi opposition
group based in Washington, D.C., said the flow of U.S. dollars has eased the
regime's leverage over the Shiite population, allowing them to resist constant
repression. He said without the money, families are forced to rely on government
food ration cards and salaries that can be revoked for disobedience, such as
refusing to inform on neighbors. Id.





n197.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (providing background on Alshafei's
life); Rivera, supra note 168 (describing Alshafei's motive in setting up hawala
business).





n198.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (describing Alshafei's execution of
his father and uncle by Saddam Hussein); Rivera, supra note 195 (reporting that
Saddam Hussein executed Alshafei's family).





n199.  See Rivera, supra note 195 (describing Alshafei's motive in starting
hawala networks); Hegstrom, supra note 87 (describing Iranian Americans'
reliance on hawala networks).





n200.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (reporting that Alshafei's motives
were primarily humanitarian). Cf. Ray Rivera, Edmonds Man Pleads Guilty to 1
Money-Laundering Charge: No Terrorist Ties Found, All Other Charges Dropped
Against Iraqi American, Seattle Times, June 13, 2003, at B1 (reporting that
Alshafei acknowledged profit as an additional motive for operating hawala).





n201.  See Ko, supra note 195 (reporting outcome of case).





n202.  See id. (describing effect of revoked 1990 law banning financial dealings
with Iraq in Alshafei's sentencing); Rivera, supra note 195 (describing judge's
sympathy in sentencing Alshafei).





n203.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (quoting several community members in
support of hawala networks). One local stated, "This guy, he did a great job. He
helped all of us by transferring money." Id. Another critic posited, "It's a
case of selective prosecution is what it is." Id. See also Bensman, supra note
196 (describing clashing views between federal authorities who allege hawala
brokers pose a threat to the United States and Iraqi immigrants who say hawala
brokers provide humanitarian service).





n204.  See Olinger, supra note 100 (reporting United Arab Emirates as
criticizing sanctions as "economic terrorism").





n205.  See Peter Shinkle, Ex-Refugee from Iraq Keeps Faith in Freedom after
Arrest, St. Louis Post-Dispatch, July 8, 2003 (describing charges dropped for Al
Barakaat co-defendants from Dallas, Nashville, Phoenix, Roanoke, St. Louis). See
also Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (discussing disparate treatment argument).
Since 1999, the U.S. government has collected approximately U.S.$ 900,000 from
companies to settle allegations of violating sanctions by doing business in
Iraq. Id.





n206.  See Davila & Rivera, supra note 108 (reporting that settlements have
ranged from U.S.$ 9,000, collected from ChevronTexaco to as much as U.S.$
244,250 from GRE Insurance Group and Albany Insurance Group); Anitha Reddy,
Ikea, Tyson Foods Among U.S. Embargo Violators, Wash. Post, July 3, 2002, at E1
(reporting various companies and banks' settlements for violating U.S. trade
embargoes); U.S. Companies Pay Penalties for Trade with Certain Nations, N.Y.
Times, July 3, 2002, at A9 (describing American companies cash settlements for
violating sanctions on trade and investment in parts of Afghanistan under
Taliban control and Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, and North Korea). The companies
include Boeing, General Electric, Merrill Lynch, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter,
Citigroup, and First Union. Id. Johnson & Johnson Medical Middle East paid U.S.$
110,000 for shipping about U.S.$ 7 million of medical equipment to Iraq. Id. The
GRE Insurance Group, Albany Insurance Company paid nearly U.S.$ 250,000 in
February 1999 for providing insurance coverage for shipments to the government
of Iraq and to a company in Libya. Id.





n207.  See Eggen, supra note 108 (reporting charges against Albanna); Marc
Santora, The Buffalo Case; A Civic Leader Is Charged in Money Transfers, N.Y.
Times, Dec. 18, 2002, at A16 (providing background on Albanna case).





n208.  See Dan Herbeck, Albanna Arraigned for Mailing Cash to Yemen, Buffalo
News, Jan. 13, 2004, at B3 (reporting that Albanna was originally charged with
sending U.S.$ 486,548 to Yemen).





n209.  See The Lackawanna-Yemen Money Trail; Albanna Deserves Presumption of
Innocence, But U.S. Has a Duty to Investigate, Buffalo News, Dec. 19, 2002, at
B10 [hereinafter Lackawanna-Yemen Money Trail] (describing Albanna's alleged
failure to complete currency transaction reports).





n210.  See Beebe & Tan, supra note 8 (noting that no hawala businesses are
registered in New York state); Nat'l Money Laundering Strategy 2003, supra note
52, at 14 (noting increased number of money transmitter businesses that have
registered with federal government after September 11th).





n211.  See Herbeck, supra note 208 (describing potential penalty).





n212.  See Santora supra note 207 (providing background on Albanna); Eggen,
supra 108 (describing Albanna's background).





n213.  See Eggen, supra note 108 (reporting that Albanna had been vocally
supportive in proclaiming the innocence of the Lackawanna Six, who were all
eventually convicted of attending an Al Qaeda camp in Kandahar).





n214.  See id. (reporting on lack of terrorist connections); Herbeck, supra note
208 (stating lack of terrorist links in Albanna's prosecution).





n215.  See Herbeck, supra note 208 (describing Albanna's community prominence as
president of Lackawanna Yemenite Benevolent Association); Lackawanna-Yemen Money
Trail, supra note 209 (noting his respected status).





n216.  See David Shepardson, Fed Raids Target Money to Yemen; 6 Arrested;
Millions of Dollars Illegally Sent, Detroit News, Dec. 19, 2002, at 1A
(discussing community outrage in Detroit). One Yemeni immigrant decried, "What
is the connection of Yemeni immigrants working at Ford Motor Co., the Rouge
plant, to Al-Qaida? This [is] the government's scorched-earth policy to harass
people in abject poverty who are trying to send a few dollars home to their
families." Id.





n217.  See Herbeck, supra note 208 (describing community sentiment). Albanna
insists he had no criminal intent stating, "People who come to America like to
send money back to their families in Yemen. It's a tradition. We helped them.
This service is needed by families in Yemen ... We aren't providing it anymore,
and people are suffering." Id. See also Lackawanna-Yemen Money Trail, supra note
209 (arguing that there is no evidence that Albanna did anything other than help
his fellow Yemeni-Americans send money to relatives); Howell, supra note 128
(describing conviction of Brooklyn-based Yemeni immigrant, Ali Kassim Kassim for
conducting an unlicensed money transmitting business). Howell reports that many
in the Yemeni community are afraid now to operate or use hawala networks. Id. He
quotes Yemeni American as saying, "Now there's nobody taking the job [of
hawaladar], nobody saying I'm going to do it for these poor people, so people
are hurting." Id. Many Yemeni Americans are waiting to give their remittances to
a relative or friend traveling to Yemen because in some cases, they do not have
proper documentation and are afraid of immigration officials. Id.





n218.  See Nancy Chang, Alan Kabat, A Summary of Recent Court Rulings on
Terrorism-Related Matters Having Civil Liberties Implications, Center for
Constitutional Rights, Sept. 11, 2003, at 12-15, available at
http://www.ccr-ny.org/v2/legal/september 11th/docs/9-11CaseListv9 11 03.pdf
(discussing various post-September 11th prosecutions with civil liberties
implications); Eric Lichtblau, Threats and Responses: American Muslims; F.B.I.
Tells Officers to Count Local Muslims and Mosques, N.Y. Times, Jan. 27, 2003, at
A13 (reporting that F.B.I. ordered field supervisors to count mosques and
Muslims in their areas as part of antiterrorism effort); John Mintz & Douglas
Farah, Small Scams Probed for Terror Ties; Muslim, Arab Stores Monitored As Part
of Post-Sep. 11 Inquiry, Wash. Post, Aug. 12, 2002, at A1 (reporting
investigation of 500 Muslim and Arab small businesses across United States);
Nimer, supra note 127, at 16-25 (giving examples of anti-Muslim rhetoric, hate
crimes, racial profiling, detentions after September 11th). See also Korematsu
v. United States, 323 U.S. 214 (1944) (describing internment during World War II
of more than 120,000 Japanese-Americans, including 70,000 American citizens).
Haroon Siddiqui, Treading an Ugly Path on Security, Toronto Star, Oct. 16, 2003,
at A31 (warning against collective punishment and selective prosecutions).





n219.  See David Shepardson, Feds Drop Charges Against Yemenis; They Were
Accused of Illegally Sending $ 50 million to Homeland. U.S. Could Refile Later,
Detroit News, Jan. 8, 2003, at 1C (describing dismissal of charges). It reports
the dismissal as "basically another fumble by the government. This is part of a
post-9-11 paranoia on the part of the government." Id. See also Herbeck, supra
note 208 (reporting that federal agents wiretapped more than 1,100 phone
conversations and hired two Arabic interpreters to translate Albanna's calls).





n220.  See Karen Abbott, Judge Strikes Down Money-Transfer Law; Licenses Found
Unconstitutional in Aurora Man's Case, Rocky Mountain News (Denver), Apr. 9,
2004, at 15B (reporting about constitutional challenge to PATRIOT Act
provision). U.S. District Judge, Lewis Babcock, stated that the law arbitrarily
divided money-transfer operators into two groups - those covered by state laws
and those who work in states that do not require a license. Id.





n221.  See United States v. Mohammed Albanna, Ali A. Albanna, and Ali Taher
Elbaneh, No. 02-CR-255 (W.D.N.Y.); see also FBI Press Release, at
http://buffalo.fbi. gov/pressrel/2004/alb010804.htm (last visited June 24, 2004)
(noting federal indictment of Albanna).





n222.  See supra notes 111-21, 123-29 and accompanying text (describing USA
PATRIOT Act provisions and Operation Green Quest raids and freezing of assets).





n223.  See supra notes 97-106 (describing appeal of hawala networks for
criminals).





n224.  See supra notes 72-92 (emphasizing economic costs of unregulated money
transfer systems).





n225.  See supra notes 75-78 (estimating that annual remittances may be more
than U.S.$ 100 billion).





n226.  See supra notes 183-92, 203-06, 215-21 and accompanying text (describing
individual reactions to hawala crackdown).





n227.  See supra notes 215-19 and accompanying text (describing community
support for Albanna).





n228.  See supra notes 203-06 and accompanying text (describing sentiment that
hawala use was justified in response to sanctions).





n229.  See supra notes 183-92 and accompanying text (describing widespread
disruption caused by Al Barakaat shutdown).





n230.  See supra notes 183-92, 203-06, 215-22 and accompanying text (reporting
community views on hawala prosecutions).





n231.  See supra notes 42-49, 61-63 and accompanying text (discussing multiple
advantages of hawala including efficiency and lack of paper trail).





n232.  See supra notes 93-96 and accompanying text (describing cultural and
religious reasons for hawala use).







n233.  See supra notes 174-82 and accompanying text (discussing success of Al
Barakaat shutdown).





n234.  See supra note 130 and accompanying text (discussing increased number of
money services that have registered after September 11th).





n235.  See supra notes 183-91 and accompanying text (describing criticism of Al
Barakaat hawala shutdown).





n236.  See supra notes 186-91 and accompanying text (describing most individuals
using hawala as conducting non-terrorist activities).





n237.  See supra notes 135-39 and accompanying text (urging for better training
and enforcement).





n238.  See supra notes 158-61 and accompanying text (offering ways to regulate
hawala with less disruption).





n239.  See supra notes 41-64, 80-99 and accompanying text (discussing multiple
reasons that people use hawala networks).





n240.  See supra notes 196-204 and accompanying text (discussing Alshafei's
tumultuous life and motivation for hawala use).





n241.  See supra notes 79-88 and accompanying text (describing hawala use for
those who cannot otherwise contact relative due to political situations).





n242.  See supra note 218 and accompanying text (describing F.B.I. efforts to
count mosques and Muslims in select areas).





n243.  See supra notes 196-204 and accompanying text (describing Alshafei's
Iraqi background).





n244.  See supra note 213 and accompanying text (describing Albanna's relation
to Lackawanna Six).





n245.  See supra notes 205-06 and accompanying text (describing disparate
treatment for corporations and individuals who violate sanctions).





n246.  See supra note 129 and accompanying text (describing traditional law
enforcement efforts as flawed).





n247.  See supra note 187 and accompanying text (stating that most individuals
utilizing hawala networks in United States are conducting non-terrorist
activities).





n248.  See supra note 187 and accompanying text (describing lack of terrorist
prosecutions).





n249.  See supra notes 72-74 and accompanying text (citing examples of multiple
ethnic groups using hawala-like systems to send money to families).





n250.  See supra note 218 and accompanying text (describing F.B.I. efforts to
count mosques and Muslims in select areas).





n251.  See supra notes 72-74 and accompanying text (arguing that variations of
hawala are not limited to Middle Eastern countries).





n252.  See supra notes 161-69 and accompanying text (describing international
cooperation as obstacle to regulating hawala).





n253.  See supra note 136 and accompanying text (discussing that hawala behavior
lies well outside the cultural experience of most U.S. investigators who are
"baffled" with Arabic names).





n254.  See supra note 157 and accompanying text (describing hawala networks as
infinite, elusive and labyrinth).





n255.  See supra notes 129, 157 and accompanying text (describing flawed law
enforcement efforts).





n256.  See supra notes 148-56 and accompanying text (criticizing unilateral
approach to regulate hawala network).





n257.  See supra notes 148-56 and accompanying text (describing U.A.E.'s
resistance to some regulatory efforts).





n258.  See supra notes 151-61 and accompanying text (describing provisions of
Abu Dhabi Conference on Hawala).





n259.  See supra note 159 and accompanying text (describing U.A.E.'s efforts to
positively use hawala system).





n260.  See supra notes 174-84 and accompanying text (discussing U.S. approach in
shutting down Al Barakaat hawala).





n261.  See supra notes 79-88 (describing infrastructural obstacles to regulating
hawala networks).





n262.  See supra notes 85-86 and accompanying text (describing Afghanistan
banking system).





n263.  See supra notes 85-86 and accompanying text (describing recent attempts
to modernize banking system in Afghanistan).





n264.  See supra notes 85, 138-42 and accompanying text (describing reality that
many Nations lack technical capacity to actually freeze funds).





n265.  See supra notes 72-74 and accompanying text (describing worldwide use of
and reliance on hawala networks by diaspora communities).





n266.  See supra notes 161-68 and accompanying text (recognizing that regulating
hawala networks is dependent on collaborative work with multiple countries and
jurisdictions).





n267.  See supra notes 148-52 (criticizing U.S.-led approach).





n268.  See supra notes 162-65 and accompanying text (describing criticism of
American-led efforts at regulating hawala).





n269.  See supra notes 157-60 and accompanying text (contrasting American
"zero-tolerance approach" with European approach).





n270.  See supra notes 161-67 and accompanying text (repeating sentiment that
international cooperation is important and some USA PATRIOT Act provisions lack
diplomacy).





n271.  See supra note 160 and accompanying text (arguing that such attempts may
generate ill-will and discontent with United States).





n272.  See supra notes 148-57, 157-61, 161-68 and accompanying text (describing
U.A.E.'s defense of hawala networks).





n273.  See supra notes 161-68 and accompanying text (describing international
component of hawala networks and need for international cooperation).





n274.  See supra notes 161-68 and accompanying text (discussing need for
international cooperation).





n275.  See supra notes 124-30 and accompanying text (stating successes of
Operation Green Quest).





n276.  See supra notes 104-09 (describing that terrorists disguise their work
through charities, informal banking systems, bulk cash and commodities such as
precious stones and metals).





n277.  See supra note 128 (noting amount of terrorist-related funds seized).





n278.  See supra notes 132-36 and accompanying text (describing how September
11th hijackers used formal banks).





n279.  See supra notes 138-42 and accompanying text (stating that Afghani
individuals have no incentive to declare their activities for external
monitoring).





n280.  See supra note 129 and accompanying text (describing flaws with present
law enforcement efforts).





n281.  See supra notes 203-06, 216-21 and accompanying text (discussing reasons
such as racial profiling that law enforcement honed in on these suspects).





n282.  See supra notes 183-94 and accompanying text (discussing effect of Al
Barakaat shutdown).





n283.  See supra note 129 and accompanying text (describing problem with broad
law enforcement policies).





n284.  See id. and accompanying text (describing problems with present law
enforcement efforts).





n285.  See supra notes 129-39 (arguing increased reporting requirements could
hinder criminal investigations).





n286.  See supra notes 136-39 and accompanying text (noting that while some
hawala are used for illegal activity or to move terrorist funds, others are
legitimately providing much needed services).





n287.  See supra notes 129-30 and accompanying text (arguing that attempts to
strictly regulate will provide incentives for more secrecy and resistance).





n288.  See supra note 111 and accompanying text (describing swift passage of USA
PATRIOT Act legislation).





n289.  See supra note 122 and accompanying text (describing broad language in
VICTORY Act provision).





n290.  See supra notes 126-28 (describing U.S.-led freezing efforts as
successful).





n291.  See supra note 129 and accompanying text (discussing broad law
enforcement efforts).





n292.  See supra notes 79-88, 97-106 and accompanying text (distinguishing
between hawala use for criminal purposes and for justifiable purposes).





n293.  See supra notes 183-91 and accompanying text (describing disruption for
many after Al Barakaat shutdown).





n294.  See supra notes 14-20 accompanying text (describing deep-rooted history
of hawala use).





n295.  See supra notes 79-92 and accompanying text (describing specific reasons
for heavy hawala use).





n296.  See supra notes 89, 159 and accompanying text (describing need for
incentives for people to switch to formal banking system).





n297.  See supra notes 72-78 and accompanying text (describing economic
contributions through hawala networks).





n298.  See supra notes 102-06 (arguing that every informal money transaction
interfaces with formal banking at some stage).





n299.  See supra note 102 (noting that fund transfers rely on formal and
informal networks).





n300.  See supra notes 130-42, 148-52 and accompanying text (criticizing Western
regulatory efforts).





n301.  See supra note 159 and accompanying text (offering suggestions such as
outreach and consultation to provide better insight into how to better
understand hawala relationships).





n302.  See supra notes 155, 159 and accompanying text (advocating more
culturally sensitive approach to hawala regulation in United Arab Emirates).





n303.  See supra notes 93-96, 159 and accompanying text (describing cultural and
religious reasons that some people use hawala networks and suggesting approaches
on how to regulate hawala for select populations).





n304.  See supra notes 183-91 and accompanying text (describing negative effects
of Al Barakaat shutdown).





n305.  See supra notes 138, 159 and accompanying text (urging for law
enforcement to consider incentives for hawala users).





n306.  See supra notes 138-42 (reporting that other Nations have been
unsuccessful in regulating hawala networks).





n307.  See supra notes 138, 159 and accompanying text (advocating for balanced
approach in regulating hawala networks).


                              214 of 221 DOCUMENTS

                          IN RE: STANLEY THAW, Debtor.

                         Case No. 11-43603 (Chapter 7)

           UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF
                            TEXAS, SHERMAN DIVISION

          496 B.R. 842; 2013 Bankr. LEXIS 1047; 69 Collier Bankr. Cas.
                                  2d (MB) 432


                            March 20, 2013, Decided
                            March 20, 2013, Entered

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Affirmed by Thaw v. Moser, 2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 5996 (E.D.
Tex., Jan. 16, 2014)

PRIOR HISTORY: Thaw v. Schachar, 2011 Tex. App. LEXIS 5726 (Tex. App. Amarillo,
July 26, 2011)

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Debtor, a doctor, declared Chapter 7 bankruptcy and claimed
that equity he had in a home he owned with his wife was exempt from creditor's
claims under 11 U.S.C.S. § 522. A trustee who was appointed to administer the
debtor's bankruptcy estate filed an objection to the debtor's claim, contending
that the exemption should be disallowed under § 522(o). The court held a hearing
on the debtor's claim and the trustee's objection.

OVERVIEW: The debtor and another doctor formed a medical services company in
2002 that provided hyperbaric oxygen therapy to patients, and guaranteed payment
of debts the company incurred. The company defaulted on payments it owed in
2004, about the time the debtor and his wife created the first of several
companies that also provided oxygen therapy to patients, and after the other
doctor paid debts the company owed and the debtor refused to reimburse the other
doctor, the other doctor sued the debtor in state court. The debtor and his wife
hired a builder to build an expensive home at about the time the other doctor
obtained a judgment against the debtor, and after the debtor declared bankruptcy
in 2011 he claimed that equity he had in his home was exempt from creditors'
claims under 11 U.S.C.S. § 522(b), Tex. Const. art. XVI, § 51, and Tex. Prop.
Code Ann. §§ 41.001-41.002. The bankruptcy court found that the debtor was
precluded by §522(o) from claiming that any equity he had in his home was exempt
from creditors' claims because he built the home as part of a scheme to place
his assets beyond the other doctor's reach, thereby attempting to hinder, delay,
or defraud his creditors.

OUTCOME: The court stated that it would enter an order which reduced the
debtor's homestead exemption to $0. The debtor's home was part of his bankruptcy
estate under 11 U.S.C.S. § 541, and there was no merit to the debtor's wife's
claim that she had a separate, vested property right in the home under Texas law
that did not enter the debtor's bankruptcy estate and was not subject to 11
U.S.C.S. § 522(o) and (p) because the home was community property.

CORE TERMS: homestead, spouse, exemption, community property, homestead
exemption, exempt, dream, homestead interest, vested, bankruptcy estate,
defraud, credible, bankruptcy petition, property interest, transferred,
non-debtor, hyperbaric, lease, times, homestead right, intent to hinder,
indebtedness, capped, cap, final judgment, monthly payments, build, state law,
homestead property, business decision


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Bankruptcy Law > Estate Property > Content
Real Property Law > Bankruptcy > General Overview
Real Property Law > Estates > Present Estates > Marital Estates > Community
Property
[HN1] A Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition creates an estate to satisfy creditors'
claims. The estate consists of all legal or equitable interests of the debtor in
property when the petition is filed. as well as all interests of the debtor's
spouse in community property that is under the sole, equal, or joint management
and control of the debtor. 11 U.S.C.S. § 541(a)(1) and (a)(2)(A).

Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > Claims & Objections
Evidence > Inferences & Presumptions > Presumptions > Creation of Presumptions
Evidence > Inferences & Presumptions > Presumptions > Rebuttal of Presumptions
Evidence > Procedural Considerations > Burdens of Proof > Allocation
[HN2] Fed. R. Bankr. P. 4003(b) provides that any party in interest may object
to a debtor's exemption claims within thirty days after the conclusion of the
meeting of creditors held under Fed. R. Bankr. P. 2003(a). In response to such
an objection, a debtor is not required to make an affirmative showing that a
claimed exemption is appropriate. A claim of exemption is presumptively valid,
11 U.S.C.S. § 522(l), and a debtor need only characterize the claimed exemption
as falling within an exempt category. The objecting party, to meet its burden,
must produce evidence which rebuts the prima facie effect of the claimed
exemption.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Administrative Powers > Estate Property
Lease, Sale & Use > Coowned Interests
Real Property Law > Bankruptcy > General Overview
Real Property Law > Estates > Present Estates > Marital Estates > Community
Property
[HN3] Consistent with the United States Supreme Court's decision in United
States v. Rodgers, the Bankruptcy Code codifies the respective right of a debtor
and the debtor's spouse to proceeds of community property. If community property
is to be sold under the Bankruptcy Code, a nonbankrupt spouse has a right of
first refusal, 11 U.S.C.S. § 363(i), and if the nonbankrupt spouse does not
exercise that option, the trustee must distribute the proceeds of sale in
proportion to the respective interests of the estate and the spouse. 11 U.S.C.S.
§ 363(j).

Real Property Law > Homestead Exemptions
[HN4] The homestead protection is afforded under Texas state law to protect
debtors from the claims of creditors. Tex. Const. art. XVI, § 50. It does not
create a vested property interest that would provide an argument for
compensation. As the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit
explained in In re Rogers, under Texas law, the homestead interest is a legal
interest created by the Texas Constitution that provides prophylactic protection
from all but a few types of constitutionally permitted liens against homesteads.
This interest gives protective legal security rather than vested economic
rights.

Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > Bankruptcy Code
Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > State Law > General Overview
Constitutional Law > Supremacy Clause > Federal Preemption
Real Property Law > Bankruptcy > General Overview
Real Property Law > Homestead Exemptions
[HN5] It is without debate that only Congress can establish laws on bankruptcy.
To the extent the Texas homestead exemption conflicts with 11 U.S.C.S. § 522(o)
and (p), federal law governs by virtue of the Supremacy Clause of the U.S.
Constitution. Lien avoidance is not limited by state exemptions, and a state's
ability to define its exemptions is not absolute and must yield to conflicting
policies in the Bankruptcy Code.

Constitutional Law > Supremacy Clause > General Overview
[HN6] See U.S. Const. art. VI, cl. 2.

Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > Bankruptcy Code
Real Property Law > Bankruptcy > General Overview
Real Property Law > Estates > Present Estates > Marital Estates > Community
Property
Real Property Law > Homestead Exemptions
[HN7] The argument that the non-debtor spouse of a debtor who declares
bankruptcy has a separate, vested property right under Texas law in a homestead
they own together that does not enter the debtor's bankruptcy estate and is not
subject to the limits provided by 11 U.S.C.S. § 522(o) and (p), has been
rejected by at least three courts in Texas. In H.D. Smith Wholesale Drug Co. v.
McCombs, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas
held that the Bankruptcy Code does not recognize a non-debtor wife's claim to a
homestead exemption separate and distinct from the debtor's claim. Only a debtor
may exempt property that has become property of the debtor's bankruptcy estate,
which effectively eliminates the rights of a non-debtor spouse to manage and
control community property. The Bankruptcy Code makes no provision for a
non-debtor to claim an exemption from a debtor's bankruptcy estate. There is
also no provision for compensation for a non-filing spouse's property interest.

Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > Bankruptcy Code
Real Property Law > Bankruptcy > General Overview
Real Property Law > Homestead Exemptions
[HN8] Congress added 11 U.S.C.S. § 522(o) to the Bankruptcy Code in 2005 as part
of the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. Section 522(o)
applies to real or personal property that a debtor or a dependent of a debtor
uses as a residence or claims as a homestead. Section 522(o) states, in part,
that the value of an interest in real or personal property that a debtor or a
dependent of a debtor uses as a residence or claims as a homestead shall be
reduced to the extent that such value is attributable to any portion of any
property that the debtor disposed of in the ten-year period ending on the date
of the filing of the petition with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud a
creditor and that the debtor could not exempt, or that portion that the debtor
could not exempt, under § 522(b), if on such date the debtor had held the
property so disposed of.

Bankruptcy Law > Practice & Proceedings > General Overview
Evidence > Inferences & Presumptions > Inferences
Evidence > Procedural Considerations > Circumstantial & Direct Evidence
[HN9] Because direct evidence of a debtor's intent is usually unavailable,
courts may infer actual intent from circumstantial evidence.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > Intent
Bankruptcy Law > Discharge & Dischargeability > Liquidations > Denial of
Discharge > Concealment & Fraudulent Transfer
Bankruptcy Law > Exemptions > Bankruptcy Code
[HN10] Courts have looked to decisions interpreting 11 U.S.C.S. §§ 548(a)(1) and
727(a)(2) when evaluating intent to defraud under 11 U.S.C.S. § 522(o). In In re
Cipolla, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit found that a
bankruptcy court properly looked to the non-exclusive indicia of fraud listed in
the Texas Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, including whether: (1) a transfer or
obligation was to an insider; (2) a debtor retained possession or control of the
property transferred after the transfer; (3) the transfer or obligation was
concealed; (4) before the transfer was made or obligation incurred, the debtor
had been sued or threatened with suit; (5) the transfer was of substantially all
the debtor's assets; (6) the debtor absconded; (7) the debtor removed or
concealed assets; (8) the value of the consideration received by the debtor was
reasonably equivalent to the value of the asset transferred or the amount of the
obligation incurred; (9) the debtor was insolvent or became insolvent shortly
after the transfer was made or the obligation was incurred; (10) the transfer
occurred shortly before or shortly after a substantial debt was incurred; and
(11) the debtor transferred the essential assets of a business to a lienor who
transferred the assets to an insider of the debtor. Tex. Bus. & Com. Code Ann. §
24.005(b).

COUNSEL:  [**1] For Stanley Thaw, Debtor: Daniel C. Durand, III, Durand &
Associates, P.C., Lewisville, TX.

For Christopher Moser, Trustee: Andrew L. Jones, Law Office of Andrew L. Jones,
P.C., Dallas, TX; John Paul Stanford, Dallas, TX; Richard L. Bufkin, Dallas, TX
.

For US Trustee, U.S. Trustee: Marcus Salitore, US Trustee Office, Tyler, TX.

JUDGES: HONORABLE BRENDA T. RHOADES, SR, UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE.

OPINION BY: BRENDA T. RHOADES SR

OPINION


 [*843]  MEMORANDUM OPINION REGARDING TRUSTEE'S OBJECTION TO EXEMPTIONS

This case is before the Court on the Objection to Homestead Exemption (the
[*844]  "Objection") filed by Christopher Moser, acting as trustee for the
chapter 7 estate (the "Trustee"). The Objection seeks to disallow the exemption
claimed by Dr. Stanley Thaw (the "Debtor") for his lavish home in Frisco, Texas.
1 The Debtor agrees that his exempt homestead interest is capped at $146,540 by
11 U.S.C. § 522(p). The Debtor, however, denies that he engaged in any
intentional fraud that would entirely extinguish his exempt interest in his home
under 11 U.S.C. § 522(o). The Debtor asserts that money from the companies he
controlled found their way into his home as a result of a fortuitous (for him
and his spouse) business decision by  [**2] a builder who had received payments
from the companies for an unrelated construction project. In addition, the
Debtor's spouse seeks to establish that she has an exempt interest in their
homestead that is not capped by § 522(p) or otherwise reduced or extinguished by
§ 522(o).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 The Objection also contains an application for turnover of the all interests
held by Kernell Thaw in HBO2 Works, LLC, HBO2 Works Houston, LLC, HBO2 Works San
Antonio, LLC, and HBO2 America, LLC. At the hearing on July 24, 2012, the
parties announced that the application for turnover would be tried in a separate
adversary proceeding.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Court has jurisdiction over the Objection, which the Court heard on July 24,
2012, and September 5, 12 and 18, 2012, in accordance with 28 U.S.C. §§ 1334 and
157. This matter constitutes a "core" proceeding within the meaning of 28 U.S.C.
§ 157(b)(2)(A), (E) and (O). The Court's findings of fact and conclusions of law
follow. See Fed. R. Bankr. P. 7052.

I. FACTUAL AND PROCEDURAL BACKGROUND

A. The State Court Lawsuit Against the Debtor

The Debtor filed for bankruptcy after his former business partner obtained a
final judgment against him. He stated in his bankruptcy schedules that  [**3] he
is retired and that his wife, Kernell Thaw, is self-employed and earns $20,000
per month from the operation of her businesses. Kernell did not join the
Debtor's bankruptcy petition.

The Debtor married Kernell in 2001. In 2002, the Debtor and Dr. Leslie Schachar,
a childhood friend, entered into a partnership. They formed a medical service
company called Theramedics, Inc. ("Theramedics"), which entered into a series of
loan transactions and equipment leases secured by their personal guaranties.
Theramedics provided patients with hyperbaric oxygen therapy, among other
things.

In 2004, Theramedics defaulted on an equipment lease agreement, and the lessor
sued the Debtor, Schachar and Theramedics. In 2006, Theramedics defaulted on a
note and security agreement in the principle amount of $360,000. Theramedics
then ceased doing business and dissolved.

Schachar personally paid off the balances due on the note and equipment lease.
He obtained assignments of the Debtor's guarantees with respect to these debts
and demanded payment from the Debtor. The Debtor refused to pay his portion of
the guaranteed indebtedness. In May 2008, Schachar sued the Debtor, and he
received a final judgment in his  [**4] favor in November 2009. The Amarillo
Court of Civil Appeals affirmed the judgment in July 2011, and the Texas Supreme
Court denied the Debtor's petition for review in November 2011. The Debtor and
Kernell were aware of Schachar's lawsuit and its procedural posture at all
relevant times.

 [*845]  B. The HBO2 Companies

As Theramedics was defaulting on its equipment lease agreement, in or around
June 2004, the Debtor and Kernell signed and filed documents with the Texas
Secretary of State, forming HBO2 Works, LLC. Kernell allegedly held a majority
interest in the company and the Debtor managed its operations, according to the
documents admitted at trial. The original place of business was their residence
in Plano, Texas.

HBO2 Works opened a clinic in Denton, Texas, in or around July 2005 and moved to
Hurst, Texas, in or around 2006. HBO2 Works provided patients with hyperbaric
oxygen therapy. In 2008 and 2009, as Schachar's suit was proceeding to a final
judgment against the Debtor, the Debtor and Kernell signed and filed documents
with the Texas Secretary of State, forming HBO2 Houston, HBO2 America, and HBO2
San Antonio. Kernell -- again, allegedly -- held a majority interest in the
companies while  [**5] the Debtor managed their operations, according to the
documents admitted at trial.

Kernell testified at the hearing on the Objection that she contributed her
separate property, specifically some of the $25,000 she received from the sale
of her pre-marital residence in Nevada, to form HBO2 Works. Kernell testified
that she may have received more than $25,000 from the sale of her residence but
could not recall how much more she might have received or where that money might
have been deposited. She also testified that HBO2 Houston, HBO2 America, and
HBO2 San Antonio belonged to her because they were spun off from her first
company, HBO2 Works.

Kernell's vague testimony about her financial contributions to the businesses
was not credible or supported by the documentary evidence. The tax returns
reflect that HBO2 Works, HBO2 Houston, HBO2 America, and HBO2 San Antonio were
not funded with capital contributions by Kernell or the Debtor but, rather, by
borrowing. The personal tax returns filed by the Debtor and Kernell also reflect
that Kernell described herself as a "housewife" during the relevant time period.
Although Kernell claimed to be the businesses' owner and operator at the hearing
[**6] on the Objection, Kernell has no medical background, she did not
understand the relationships between the various businesses she claimed to own,
and she had no personal knowledge of the businesses' operations. The Debtor was
in charge of the HBO2 businesses and their operations at all material times.

C. The Lavish Dream Home

At or around the time that Schachar received a final summary judgment in his
favor, the Debtor and Kernell decided to build what Kernell described as her
dream home in Frisco, Texas, which would have five bedrooms, six-and-a-half
baths, and 7,776 square feet of living space. Axxium Custom Homes Dallas, LLC,
executed a contract for the sale of the property to the Debtor and Kernell for
$1,750,000 on October 28, 2009. On November 1, 2009, however, the Debtor and
Kernell entered into a Contract for Deed increasing the purchase price by
$400,000 to $2,150,000. Kernell could not explain the increase in the price of
her dream home at the hearing on the Trustee's Objection. The cost of her dream
home was more than four times the value of the merely very nice home where she
and the Debtor lived in Plano, Texas.

The Contract for Deed required monthly payments of $26,000. In  [**7] the
year-and-a-half after signing the Contract, the Debtor and Kernell siphoned
money from the HBO2 companies into their homestead. The Debtor and Kernell made
monthly  [*846]  payments to Axxium of more than twice the contractually
required amount, for total payments of $1,089,888.02, between November 1, 2009
and June 27, 2011. Kernell and Stanley Thaw paid $191,400 of this total amount.
The balance was paid by Stanley Thaw from bank accounts he controlled and used
as his personal checking accounts, though the accounts were ostensibly held by
HBO2 Works, HBO2 America, HBO2 Houston and HBO2 San Antonio.

Although the Debtor received his last paycheck from HBO2 Works in August 2010,
he continued to exercise control over the HBO2 companies' accounts. He wrote
nearly two dozen checks and made other transfers to Axxium from the HBO2
companies' accounts during and after August 2010. Indeed, the Debtor signed all
of the checks from the companies' accounts to Axxium after August 2010.

Kernell testified that, in addition to building their dream home, the Debtor
hired Axxium to build a hyperbaric sports facility in Las Vegas for the HBO2
companies. She testified that the Debtor had the authority to contract  [**8]
with Axxium and write checks to Axxium from the companies' accounts as her
employee. The Debtor continued to write checks to Axxium even after his alleged
employment ended in August 2010. Kernell had never seen a written agreement with
Axxium or its owner, Ali Manteghi, and she did not know exactly what services
Axxium or Ali Manteghi were to provide with respect to the Las Vegas facility.
She did not participate in the negotiation of the purported agreement with
Axxium and had no knowledge of it other than what the Debtor told her. She did
not know whether the Debtor had entered into a written agreement with Axxium
relating to the construction of the Las Vegas facility.

According to Kernell, the checks from the HBO2 companies to Axxium were to pay
for the home Axxium was building in Frisco as well as for Axxium's services
relating to the Las Vegas facility. The only evidence that Axxium provided any
services relating to the Las Vegas facility was Kernell's testimony, which the
Court did not find credible inasmuch as her testimony was vague and not based on
her personal knowledge. There was no evidence that Axxium was qualified to
provide construction services relating to a hyperbaric  [**9] facility in Nevada
and no credible evidence that Axxium actually provided any services relating to
the facility.

On June 27, 2011 -- the day after the Texas court of appeals affirmed the trial
court's judgment in favor of Schachar -- the Debtor and Kernell closed on the
purchase of Kernell's dream home for $2,150,000. 2 They financed their purchase
with a mortgage loan from Regions Bank in the principle amount of $1,000,000.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 According to an appraisal obtained by Regions Bank, the property was worth
$1,790,000 as of May 27, 2011.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Although the HUD-1 Settlement Statement stated that the Debtor and Kernell had
paid $1,133,195.70 to Axxium and were paying an additional $167,265.99 in cash,
the Debtor and Kernell entered into a secret transaction with Axxium to funnel
some of the loan proceeds back to the Debtor. On the same date as the closing,
June 27, 2011, the Debtor and Kernell executed documents in which they purported
to borrow $164,450 from Axxium secured by a second lien on their home. Mr.
Manteghi instructed that the title company was not to record the Second Lien
Deed of Trust. He also submitted a letter instructing the title company to
credit the Debtor and Kernell with a payment  [**10]  [*847]  to Axxium of
$1,133,157.90 for the purchase of the home.

In his response to the Objection, the Debtor states that Axxium made a "business
decision" to allow all of the money paid to Axxium, including money allegedly
paid for building the Las Vegas facility, to be used as a down payment for the
purchase of his homestead. The Debtor did not present any evidence in support of
this characterization of Axxium's instruction to the title company. The Debtor
and Kernell signed the Settlement Statement when they closed on the purchase of
their new home and they understood that all of the money they and the HBO2
companies had paid to Axxium was being used to create equity in their home.

The Court finds, based on the credible evidence admitted at the hearing on the
Trustee's Objection, all of the payments to Axxium were intended to be used, and
were in fact used, by the Debtor and Kernell as part of a scheme to place assets
beyond Schacher's reach by funneling money into the extravagant home Axxium was
building for them.

D. The Debtor's Claim of Exemption

On December 2, 2011, the Debtor filed a bankruptcy petition under chapter 7 of
the United States Bankruptcy Code (the "Code" or "Bankruptcy Code").  [**11] In
the schedules filed by the Debtor along with his petition, he listed his
residence located in Frisco, Texas, as exempt from creditors such as Schacher
under § 522(b) of the Code. The Debtor based this exemption on the homestead
provisions of the Texas Constitution and the Texas Property Code. See Tex.
Const. art. XVI, §§ 50 and 51; Tex. Prop. Code §§ 41.001-.002.

The Trustee filed a timely Objection to the Debtor's homestead exemption, which
the Debtor and Kernell opposed. The Debtor did not testify at the hearing on the
Trustee's Objection. In his written response to the Objection, the Debtor
stipulated that the Trustee had established the elements of § 522(p) and,
therefore, that his homestead exemption is capped at $146,450. The Trustee
sought to establish at the hearing that the Debtor's homestead exemption should
be entirely disallowed pursuant to § 522(o) of the Code, because the Debtor
acquired the homestead with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud his
creditors, specifically, Schachar. The Trustee also argued that Kernell does not
enjoy a homestead exemption separate and distinct from that of the Debtor.

Kernell testified at length in opposition to the Trustee's Objection  [**12] to
the Debtor's claim of exemption. Kernell asserted that the home where she lives
with the Debtor is community property. She argued that, under Texas law, her
interest in her home is a vested property right similar to a life estate, which
cannot be taken away from her without just compensation. She further argued that
she is entitled to 82.77% of the proceeds of any sale of the home as just
compensation for her homestead interest.

II. LEGAL ANALYSIS

As an initial matter,  [HN1] a chapter 7 bankruptcy petition creates an estate
to satisfy creditors' claims. The estate consists of "all legal or equitable
interests of the debtor in property" when the petition is filed was well as all
interests of the debtor's spouse in community property "under the sole, equal or
joint management and control of the debtor." 11 U.S.C. §§ 541(a)(1), (a)(2)(A).
Thus, in this case, the filing by the Debtor of an individual bankruptcy
petition created an estate which encompasses community property that was under
the Debtor's joint management and control as of the date of the petition. Id. §
541(a)(2)(A).

[*848]  Kernell does not dispute that the property in which she claims a vested
homestead right is community property, because  [**13] it was acquired during
her marriage to the Debtor. Tex. Fam. Code § 3.002. The home was subject to the
Debtor's joint management and control and so entered his bankruptcy estate. Tex
Fam. Code § 3.102(c). See Carlton v. Estate of Estes, 664 S.W.2d 322, 323 (Tex.
1983) (per curiam) (stating that "a spouse's interest in community property
subject to joint management, control, and disposition"). In exchange for the
inclusion of community property in the bankruptcy estate, any discharge received
by the Debtor will be effective against community creditors of Kernell as well
as those of the Debtor. 11 U.S.C. § 524(a)(3). A discharge will enjoin community
creditors from seeking to collect on community debts from the after-acquired
community property of either spouse. Id.

The entry of the home into the Debtor's bankruptcy estate gave the Debtor the
exclusive right to claim exemptions therein. 11 U.S.C. § 522(b). The Debtor
agrees that Code § 522(p) caps his homestead interest at $146,450. Kernell,
however, argues that her community property interest in the homestead is not
limited by the Bankruptcy Code. Thus, the issues the parties have presented for
the Court to decide are (i) whether the  [**14] Trustee has established grounds
to deny the Debtor's claimed homestead exemption in its entirety pursuant to §
522(o) and (ii) whether or to what extent Kernell's community property interest
in the home is limited by Code §§ 522 (o) and (p).

A. Burden of Proof

 [HN2] Rule 4003(b) of the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure provides that
any party in interest may object to a debtor's exemption claims within thirty
days after the conclusion of the meeting of creditors held under Rule 2003(a).
In response to such an objection, a debtor is not required to make an
affirmative showing that a claimed exemption is appropriate in response to such
an objection. A claim of exemption is presumptively valid, see 11 U.S.C. §
522(l), and a debtor need only characterize the claimed exemption as falling
within an exempt category. See, e.g., In re Lester, 141 B.R. 157, 161 (S.D. Ohio
1991). The objecting party, to meet its burden, must then produce evidence which
"rebuts the prima facie effect of the claimed exemption." Id. See also Fed. R.
Bankr. P. 4003(c).

B. Kernell's Homestead Interest

In her response to the Trustee's Objection, Kernell claims to possess a "vested
property right" in her homestead under Texas  [**15] law, akin to a life estate,
separate and apart from the interest of the Debtor. Kernell cites United States
v. Rodgers, 461 U.S. 677, 103 S. Ct. 2132, 76 L. Ed. 2d 236 (1983) for the
proposition that her homestead right did not enter the bankruptcy estate, since
she did not join the Debtor's petition, and the Trustee may not abridge her
homestead right without just compensation. In Rodgers, the Supreme Court
considered the federal government's power to foreclose homestead property
attached by a federal tax lien. Rodgers held that § 7403 of the Internal Revenue
Code empowers a district court to order the sale of a family house in which a
delinquent taxpayer has an interest, even though a nondelinquent spouse also has
a homestead interest in the house under state law. Rodgers, 461 U.S. at 698-700.
The Supreme Court determined there was no "gratuitous confiscation" in Rodgers
because compensation was paid to the nondelinquent spouse. Id. at 697-698.

[*849]  Rodgers dealt exclusively with the Internal Revenue Code. Rodgers is
also distinguishable from the present case in that Rodgers involved the use of
community property to pay a separate debt whereas the present case involves the
inclusion of community property in the bankruptcy  [**16] estate to pay
community debts. See 11 U.S.C. § 541(a)(2)(A) and (b).  [HN3] Consistent with
Rodgers, the Bankruptcy Code codifies the respective right of a debtor and the
debtor's spouse to proceeds of community property. If community property is to
be sold under the Bankruptcy Code, the nonbankrupt spouse has a right of first
refusal, see id. at § 363(i), and if the spouse does not exercise that option,
the trustee must distribute the proceeds of sale in proportion to the respective
interests of the estate and the spouse, see id. at § 363(j). See also Matter of
Tsunis, 39 B.R. 977, 980 (E.D.N.Y. 1983), aff'd, 733 F.2d 27 (2d Cir. 1984) (per
curiam) (discussing Rodgers and upholding the constitutionality of a sale of
community property under § 363).

Kernell's argument about her homestead interest confuses an interest in property
with the protection of that interest from creditors.  [HN4] The homestead
protection is afforded under Texas state law to protect debtors from the claims
of creditors. See Tex. Const. art. XVI, § 50; see also Tex. Prop.Code § 41.002.
It does not create a vested property interest that would provide an argument for
compensation. See In re Rogers, 513 F.3d 212, 224 (5th Cir. 2008).  [**17] As
explained recently by the Fifth Circuit, "[u]nder Texas law, '[t]he homestead
interest is a legal interest created by the constitution that provides
prophylactic protection from all but [a few] types of constitutionally permitted
liens against homesteads. This interest ... gives protective legal security
rather than vested economic rights.'" Id. (quoting Heggen v. Pemelton, 836
S.W.2d 145, 148 (Tex. 1992)).

Furthermore,  [HN5] it is without debate that only Congress can establish laws
on bankruptcy. To the extent the Texas homestead exemption conflicts with §§
522(o) and (p), federal law governs by virtue of the Supremacy Clause. 3 Lien
avoidance, for example, is not limited by state exemptions. See, e.g., In re
Maddox, 15 F.3d 1347, 1351 (5th Cir. 1994). "[T]he state's ability to define its
exemptions is not absolute and must yield to conflicting policies in the
Bankruptcy Code." In re Weinstein, 164 F.3d 677, 683 (1st Cir.1999).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 The Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution states that


      [HN6] This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which
     shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which
     shall be made under the Authority of the United States, shall be the
     [**18] Supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be
     bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or Laws of any State to
     the contrary notwithstanding.


U.S. Const. art. VI, cl. 2.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN7] Kernell's argument that she has a separate, vested homestead property
right that did not enter the Debtor's estate, and that is not subject to the
limits provided by Bankruptcy Code §§ 522(o) and (p), has been rejected by at
least three other courts in Texas. See H.D. Smith Wholesale Drug Co. v. McCombs
(In re McCombs), 2007 Bankr. LEXIS 4264, 2007 WL 4411909 (Bankr. S.D. Tex. Dec.
17, 2007) (reversed on other grounds); Douglass v. Langehennig (In re Douglass),
2008 Bankr. LEXIS 4904, 2008 WL 2944568 (Bankr. W.D. Tex. July 25, 2008)
(following McCombs); Odes Ho Kim v. Chong Ann Kim (In re Odes Ho Kim), 405 B.R.
179 (Bankr. N.D. Tex. 2009) (following McCombs). But cf. In re Walsh, 359 BR 389
(Bankr. D. Mass. 2007) (reasoning that debtor's non-debtor spouse could claim
$500,000 homestead  [*850]  exemption under Massachusetts law; consequently, the
debtor's Chapter 13 plan took into account the full State exemption and not just
the cap of § 522(p) to which the debtor was subject and still complied with the
"best interest test" of § 1325(a)(4), i.e., creditors  [**19] would still
receive at least what they would receive in a hypothetical Chapter 7 case).

The bankruptcy court in McCombs, after considering arguments similar to the
Kernell's here, held that "the [Bankruptcy] Code does not recognize [the
non-debtor wife's] claim to a homestead exemption separate and distinct from the
Debtor." 2007 Bankr. LEXIS 4264, [WL] at *8. Only the Debtor may exempt property
that has become property of the estate, which "effectively eliminates the rights
of a non-debtor spouse to manage and control community property." In re Kim, 405
B.R. at 187 (quoting In re Rodriguez, 353 B.R. 144, 149 (Bankr. N.D. Tex. 2006))
. "The Bankruptcy Code makes no provision for a non-debtor to claim an exemption
from the estate." Id. at 187-88 (quoting In re Duncan, 294 B.R. 339, 344 (10th
Cir. BAP 2003)). There is also no provision for compensation for the non-filing
spouse's property interest. Id. (citing In re McCombs, 2007 Bankr. LEXIS 4264,
2007 WL 4411909 *7; In re Lang, 191 B.R. 268, 272 (Bankr. D. Puerto Rico 1995)).

For these and all the foregoing reasons, the Court concludes that Kernell has no
separate and distinct exempt homestead interest in the home in Frisco, Texas,
that would allow her to claim a homestead exemption  [**20] or entitle her to
compensation or prevent the sale of the homestead by the Trustee except as set
forth in the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtor admits that § 522(p) caps the homestead
exemption he claims in this case. The Court now turns to the question of whether
the Trustee has established grounds for disallowing the entirety of the Debtor's
homestead exemption under § 522(o).

C. 11 U.S.C. §§ 522(o)

 [HN8] Congress added § 522(o) to the Bankruptcy Code in 2005 as part of the
Bankruptcy Abuse and Consumer Protection ("BAPCPA"). Section 522(o) applies to
real or personal property that the debtor or a dependent of the debtor uses as a
residence or claims as a homestead. Section 522(o), in pertinent part, states as
follows:


     [T]he value of an interest in real or personal property that the
     debtor or a dependent of the debtor uses as a residence ... or ...
     claims as a homestead shall be reduced to the extent that such value
     is attributable to any portion of any property that the debtor
     disposed of in the 10--year period ending on the date of the filing of
     the petition with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud a creditor
     and that the debtor could not exempt, or that portion that the debtor
     could not exempt,  [**21] under subsection (b), if on such date the
     debtor had held the property so disposed of.


11 U.S.C. § 522(o). Here, the Debtor disputes that he acted with the intent to
hinder, delay or defraud his creditors. He also disputes that he used his
non-exempt community property to acquire equity in his homestead, asserting,
instead, that Axxium made a business decision to credit the funds it had
received from the HBO2 businesses for the Las Vegas facility to the Debtor's
personal obligation to pay Axxium for the construction and sale of his
homestead.

[HN9] Because direct evidence of a debtor's intent is usually unavailable,
courts may infer actual intent from circumstantial evidence.  [HN10] Courts have
looked to decisions interpreting §§ 548(a)(1) and 727(a)(2) when evaluating
intent to defraud under § 522(o). In re Cipolla, 476 Fed. Appx. 301, 306, (5th
Cir. 2012). In Cipolla, for example, the bankruptcy court looked to  [*851]  the
non-exclusive indicia of fraud listed in the Texas Uniform Fraudulent Transfer
Act ("TUFTA"):


     (1) the transfer or obligation was to an insider;
     (2) the debtor retained possession or control of the property
     transferred after the transfer;
     (3) the transfer or obligation was concealed;
     (4)  [**22] before the transfer was made or obligation was incurred,
     the debtor had been sued or threatened with suit;
     (5) the transfer was of substantially all the debtor's assets;
     (6) the debtor absconded;
     (7) the debtor removed or concealed assets;
     (8) the value of the consideration received by the debtor was
     reasonably equivalent to the value of the asset transferred or the
     amount of the obligation incurred;
     (9) the debtor was insolvent or became insolvent shortly after the
     transfer was made or the obligation was incurred;
     (10) the transfer occurred shortly before or shortly after a
     substantial debt was incurred; and
     (11) the debtor transferred the essential assets of the business to a
     lienor who transferred the assets to an insider of the debtor.


Tex. Bus. & Comm. Code § 24.005(b).

Here, days after a state court entered a summary judgment against the Debtor,
the Debtor and his spouse entered into an agreement with Axxium to build an
opulent dream home that would cost approximately four times the value of their
existing home. Several days later, for no apparent reason, the Debtor and his
spouse agreed to increase the price of the home by $400,000. Over the course of
the next year-and-a-half, the Debtor  [**23] and his spouse made monthly
payments to Axxium that were, on average, more than twice the amount due under
their agreement to purchase the home.

The Debtor paid Axxium for his homestead with more than $1 million from his own
accounts and the accounts of the HBO2 companies. Schacher was pursuing the
Debtor to collect the Debtor's portion of the guaranteed indebtedness of
Theramedics at that time. The Debtor attempted to conceal his actions from
Schacher by claiming that some of the payments to Axxium were made by the HBO2
companies to pay Axxium for services relating to a Las Vegas sports facility.
The Debtor, however, failed to present credible evidence that he had engaged
Axxium to provide any services in connection with the Las Vegas facility, that
Axxium was qualified to provide such services, or that any of the payments to
Axxium were in exchange for an actual service provided by Axxium with respect to
the Las Vegas facility.

The preponderance of the evidence shows that the Debtor concocted an elaborate
scheme to funnel non-exempt assets into his exempt homestead in a way that would
be difficult for creditors such as Schacher to detect or trace. The Debtor
structured the HBO2 companies  [**24] for this purpose, and he had unfettered
access to the HBO2 companies' bank accounts even though the accounts were held
in the names of the companies. The Debtor's decision to purchase an expensive
dream home at around the same time that Schacher obtained a judgment against
him, the funneling of money into the dream home, the shadiness of the Debtor's
dealings with Axxium, the numbers that never quite add up, the approximately
$160,000 that Axxium gave back to the Debtor at closing, and the Settlement
Statement  [*852]  showing that Axxium applied all of the money it had received
from the Debtor, including money that was supposedly meant to pay for Axxium's
services with respect to the Las Vegas facility, to the Debtor's indebtedness
relating to his homestead, are all indicative of the Debtor's intent to defraud.
The Court, therefore, concludes the requirements of § 522(o) are met and
Debtor's homestead exemption should be reduced to $0.

III. CONCLUSION

For all the foregoing reasons, the Trustee's Objection is sustained. The Court
will enter a separate order consistent with this Memorandum Opinion.

Signed on3/20/2013

/s/ Brenda T. Rhoades, SR

HONORABLE BRENDA T. RHOADES,

UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE


                              215 of 221 DOCUMENTS

          ELIZABETH WARNICK, Plaintiff, v. TRUE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.,
                              et al., Defendants.

                     Civil Action No. 1:15cv1377 (GBL/JFA)

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF
                         VIRGINIA, ALEXANDRIA DIVISION

                          2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 48877


                            March 15, 2016, Decided
                             March 15, 2016, Filed

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Adopted by, Motion granted by, Judgment entered by Warnick
v. True Communs., Inc., 2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 48001 (E.D. Va., Apr. 8, 2016)

CORE TERMS: undersigned, fiduciary, default judgment, recommend, default, nos,
recommendations, merger, minimum wages, punitive damages, summons, responsive
pleading, implied covenant, good faith, unpaid, fair dealing, liquidated
damages, contractual, compensate, injunction, breached, employment agreement,
annual salary, subject matter, breach of contract, per hour, injunctive relief,
post-judgment, co-fiduciary, restitution

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Elizabeth Warnick, Plaintiff: Geoffrey Stewart Burke, LEAD
ATTORNEY, Burke Law PLC, Alexandria, VA.

JUDGES: John F. Anderson, United States Magistrate Judge.

OPINION BY: John F. Anderson

OPINION


PROPOSED FINDINGS OF FACT AND RECOMMENDATIONS

This matter is before the court on plaintiff's motion for default judgment
(Docket no. 16) against defendants True Communications, Inc. ("True
Communications"), Stephen Libonate ("Libonate"), John Delisi ("Delisi"), and
True Communications, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the "Plan"). Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. §
636(b)(1)(C), the undersigned magistrate judge is filing with the court his
proposed findings of fact and recommendations, a copy of which will be provided
to all interested parties.

Procedural Background

Plaintiff filed the complaint in this action on October 22, 2015. (Docket no. 1)
("Compl."). Upon the filing of the complaint, summonses were issued for service
on defendants. (Docket no. 2). On October 28, 2015, True Communications'
registered agent, National Registered Agents, Inc., was served with a copy of
the summons and complaint at 4701 Cox Road, Suite 285, Glen Allen, VA 23060.
(Docket no. 4). On November 3, 2015, Delisi was personally served with a copy of
the summons and complaint at 5 Rachel Drive, [*2]  New Egypt, NJ 08533. (Docket
no. 9). On November 5, 2015, Libonate was served with a copy of the summons and
complaint as co-fiduciary of the Plan and as a director of True Communications
at 9521 Bridgewater Court, Frederick, MD 21701. (Docket nos. 5, 6). Libonate was
also served in his personal capacity on November 5, 2015. (Docket no. 7). As
discussed more fully below, service of process was proper as to all defendants.
In accordance with Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(a), a responsive pleading was due from
True Communications, Delisi, Libonate, and the Plan on November 18, 2015,
November 24, 2015, November 26, 2015, and November 26, 2015, respectively.
Defendants have not filed an answer or other responsive pleading and the time
for doing so has expired.

On November 23, 2015, plaintiff filed a request for entry of default as to True
Communications (Docket no. 10) along with an affidavit in support from Geoffrey
S. Burke (Docket no. 10 at 2-3) and an exhibit (Docket no. 10-1). On November
25, 2015, the Clerk of Court entered default against True Communications
pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 55(a). (Docket no. 11). On December 1, 2015,
plaintiff filed requests for entry of default as to Libonate and Delisi. (Docket
nos. 12, 13). On December 2, 2015, the Clerk of Court [*3]  entered default
against Libonate and Delisi. (Docket nos. 14, 15).

On February 17, 2016, plaintiff filed a motion for default judgment against the
defendants (Docket no. 16), a memorandum in support (Docket no. 17), affidavits
in compliance with the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. § 3901 et seq.
(Docket nos. 17-1, 17-2), an exhibit of the summary plan description of the Plan
(Docket no. 17-3), an exhibit of plaintiff's timecards (Docket no. 17-4),
exhibits of communications by True Communications employees (Docket nos. 17-5,
17-6, 17-7, 17-8, 17-9), a declaration from plaintiff (Docket no. 17-10)
("Warnick Decl."), and a notice setting a hearing on the motion for March 11,
2016 (Docket no. 18). The motion for default judgment, supporting papers, and
notice of hearing were served on defendants by first-class United States mail on
February 17, 2016 through the following addresses: Stephen Libonate, 9521
Bridgewater Court, Frederick, MD 21701; John Delisi, 5 Rachel Drive, New Egypt,
NJ 08533; and True Communications, Inc. and True Communications, Inc. 401(k)
Plan, 22375 Broderick Drive, Suite 215, Sterling, VA 20166. (Docket nos. 16 at
3, 17 at 18, 18 at 2). On March 11, 2016, counsel for the plaintiff [*4]  and
the plaintiff appeared at the hearing before the undersigned and no one appeared
on behalf of defendants.

Factual Background

The following facts are established by the complaint and the memorandum and
materials submitted in support of the motion for default judgment (Docket no.
17).

Defendant True Communications provides telecommunications services to businesses
targeting the Internet protocol-based voice, video, and data market throughout
the United States. (Compl. ¶ 13). Defendants Stephen Libonate and John Delisi
were at all times relevant to this action directors and shareholders in True
Communications and named co-trustees of the Plan. (Compl. ¶¶ 3, 4; Docket no.
17, Ex. C at 4). Both Libonate and Delisi exercised discretionary authority and
control over the management of the Plan. (Compl. ¶¶ 3, 4). Thus, Libonate and
Delisi were fiduciaries to the Plan within the meaning of ERISA and parties in
interest to the Plan under ERISA. See 29 U.S.C. §§ 1002(21), 1002(14)(A), (H).
The Plan was established on November 1, 2012 and permitted participants to
contribute a portion of their pay through payroll deductions. (Compl. ¶¶ 10,
11).

Plaintiff was hired by True Communications as its Director of Integrated
Communication [*5]  Services and began work on approximately August 4, 2009.
(Compl. ¶ 14). Plaintiff's duties included the development of work statements,
budgets, project staffing, project management, preparation of program and
personnel budgets, and relationship building with customers. (Compl. ¶ 17).
Plaintiff began participating in the Plan during her employment and made
tax-deferred contributions of 15% of her annual salary to the Plan. (Compl. ¶
16). In 2015, plaintiff agreed to continue her work at True Communications in
exchange for an annual salary of $118,000. (Warnick Decl. ¶ 7).

Beginning on January 10, 2015, defendants failed to contribute deductions
withheld from plaintiff's salary into the Plan. (Compl. ¶ 18). Additionally, in
June 2015, True Communications failed to pay plaintiff her wages for the
two-week pay period of May 31, 2015 through June 13, 2015. (Compl. ¶ 18).

On July 7, 2015, Libonate sent an email to plaintiff and others indicating that
True Communications was in the process of completing a "transaction" that would
result in a "stronger company with a financial partner who has the financial
resources to provide [True Communications] with the tools [it] need[s] to
continue to win more [*6]  contracts and grow." (Docket no. 17, Ex. E).
Thereafter, on July 17, 2015, Libonate sent another email to plaintiff and
others indicating that True Communications' "efforts to finalize the transaction
are nearing completion as [it] work[s] with the financial institutions to
complete all of the necessary processes and paperwork." (Docket no. 17, Ex. F).
On July 27, 2015, Libonate emailed plaintiff and others and expressed
understanding that "there is concern about the status of the process we have
undertaken to re-capitalize [True Communications]." (Docket no. 17, Ex. G). In
this email, Libonate indicated that he "expect[ed] that the process will be
completed by the end of [July 2015] and all payments that are pending will be
satisfied." (Id.). Libonate ended the email by expressing his understanding that
"for some being put on furlough as a result of this process has been equally
challenging and can be the cause of additional frustration," but asked that
plaintiff "bear with us for a little longer and we will have the
re-capitalization completed." (Id.).

On August 11, 2015, Libonate indicated that $20 million dollars had been secured
"to restructure [True Communications'] debt and procure the acquisition/merger
[*7]  of the business entity." (Docket no. 17, Ex. H). Libonate expressed that
"[t]he release of funds is predicated on the acquisition/merger documents being
completed," which was "not yet complete but ongoing" and a resolution was
expected "very shortly." (Id.).

On August 28, 2015, Libonate sent plaintiff a letter that terminated her
employment effective August 28, 2015 and also indicated that plaintiff's
"benefits [would] be covered in full through August 31, 2015." (Docket no. 17,
Ex. I). However, prior to her termination, plaintiff was not paid any wages for
work completed from May 31, 2015 through her date of termination. (Compl. ¶ 24).
During the period of May 31, 2015 through August 28, 2015, plaintiff alleges she
worked approximately 520 hours. (Warnick Decl. ¶ 11). Defendants also failed to
make contributions to the Plan on plaintiff's behalf for the period of January
10, 2015 through August 28, 2015. (Compl. ¶ 24).

Proposed Findings and Recommendations

Rule 55 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provides for the entry of a
default judgment when "a party against whom a judgment for affirmative relief is
sought has failed to plead or otherwise defend." Fed. R. Civ. P. 55(a). Based on
defendants True Communications, Delisi, and Libonate's failure to [*8]  file a
responsive pleading in a timely manner, the Clerk of Court has entered default
against these defendants. (Docket nos. 11, 14, 15). Because the Clerk of Court
has not entered default against the Plan, the recommendations that follow only
pertain to defendants True Communications, Delisi, and Libonate (hereafter the
"defendants").

A defendant in default admits the factual allegations in the complaint. See Fed.
R. Civ. P. 8(b)(6) ("An allegation--other than one relating to the amount of
damages--is admitted if a responsive pleading is required and the allegation is
not denied."); see also GlobalSantaFe Corp. v. Globalsantafe.com, 250 F. Supp.
2d 610, 612 n.3 (E.D. Va. 2003) ("Upon default, facts alleged in the complaint
are deemed admitted and the appropriate inquiry is whether the facts as alleged
state a claim."). Rule 55(b)(2) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provides
that a court may conduct a hearing to determine the amount of damages, establish
the truth of any allegation by evidence, or investigate any other matter.

Jurisdiction and Venue

A court must have both subject matter and personal jurisdiction over a
defaulting party before it can render a default judgment. Plaintiff alleges that
this court has subject matter jurisdiction under Section 502 of the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"), 29 U.S.C. § 1132. (Compl. ¶
7). This case [*9]  is properly before the court under its federal question
jurisdiction pursuant to 29 U.S.C. § 1132(e) because it is brought under ERISA
for an alleged failure to make contributions in accordance with a
defined-contribution plan or individual-account plan. Plaintiff further alleges
that this court has subject matter jurisdiction under the Fair Labor Standards
Act ("FLSA"), 29 U.S.C. § 201 et seq. (Compl. ¶ 7). The FLSA states that any
action to recover unpaid minimum wages may be maintained "in any Federal or
State court of competent jurisdiction." 29 U.S.C. § 216(b). This case is also
properly before the court pursuant to 29 U.S.C. § 216(b) because it is brought
under the FLSA for an alleged failure to pay minimum wages. Thus, this court has
subject matter jurisdiction pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1331. The court may also
exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the remaining state law claims because
they arise from a common nucleus of operative fact. See 28 U.S.C. § 1367; see
also United Mine Workers v. Gibbs, 383 U.S. 715, 725, 86 S. Ct. 1130, 16 L. Ed.
2d 218 (1966).

The court also has personal jurisdiction over the defendants. As stated in the
complaint, True Communications is a corporation formed under the laws of
Virginia. (Compl. ¶ 2). Further, this court has personal jurisdiction over
Libonate and Delisi because Virginia's long-arm statute authorizes the exercise
of jurisdiction [*10]  and both Libonate and Delisi satisfy the minimum contacts
test under the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. See CFA Inst. v.
Inst. of Chartered Fin. Analysts of India, 551 F.3d 285, 292 (4th Cir. 2009).
Libonate and Delisi were directors and shareholders in True Communications, a
Virginia corporation, and co-fiduciaries of the Plan, the address of which was
in Sterling, Virginia (Compl. ¶¶ 3-5). Venue is proper in this court pursuant to
28 U.S.C. § 1391(b) because a substantial part of the events or omissions giving
rise to the claims occurred in the Eastern District of Virginia. (Compl. ¶ 8).
Venue is also proper in this court pursuant to 29 U.S.C. § 1132(e)(2) because
the alleged breaches of fiduciary duty under ERISA occurred in this District. (
Id.).

For these reasons, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends a finding that
this court has subject matter jurisdiction over this action, that the court has
personal jurisdiction over the defendants, and that venue is proper in this
court.

Service

Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 4(e)(1) authorizes service on an individual
within a judicial district of the United States, provided that service adheres
to the state law governing that practice in courts of general jurisdiction where
the federal district court is located. Under Virginia law, serving an individual
must first be attempted by in-person delivery of the complaint and summons.
[*11]  See Va. Code Ann. § 8.01-296(1). When serving a corporation, Federal Rule
of Civil Procedure 4(h)(1) authorizes service through the manner prescribed in
Rule 4(e)(1) or by delivering a copy of the summons and complaint to an officer,
managing agent, general agent, or any other agent authorized by law to receive
service of process.

On October 22, 2015, the Clerk of Court issued a summons addressed to True
Communications, with service on National Registered Agents, Inc. as the
corporation's registered agent, and additional summonses addressed to Libonate
and Delisi in their personal capacities. (Docket no. 2). Executed copies filed
with the court confirmed personal service of a copy of the summons and complaint
on October 28, 2015 on National Registered Agents, Inc. at 4701 Cox Road, Suite
285, Glen Allen, VA 23060, as well as on November 5, 2016 on Libonate as a
director of True Communications. (Docket nos. 4, 6). On November 3, 2015, Delisi
was served in his personal capacity at 5 Rachel Drive, New Egypt, NJ 08533.
(Docket no. 9). On November 5, 2015, Libonate was served in his personal
capacity at 9521 Bridgewater Court, Frederick, MD 21701. (Docket no. 7).

Based on the foregoing, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends a finding
that defendants were served properly with the summons and complaint. [*12]

Grounds for Entry of Default

In accordance with Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(a), defendants were
required to file a responsive pleading within twenty-one days after receiving
service of process. No responsive pleadings have been filed and the time for
doing so has expired. On November 23, 2015, plaintiff requested an entry of
default against True Communications. (Docket no. 10). On November 25, 2015, the
Clerk of Court entered default against True Communications in accordance with
Rule 55(a) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. (Docket no. 11). On December
1, 2015, plaintiff requested an entry of default against Libonate and Delisi.
(Docket nos. 12, 13). On December 2, 2015, the Clerk of Court entered default
against Libonate and Delisi in accordance with Rule 55(a) of the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure. (Docket nos. 14, 15).

On February 17, 2016, plaintiff filed a motion for default judgment (Docket no.
16), a memorandum in support (Docket no. 17), affidavits in compliance with the
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, 50 U.S.C. § 3901 et seq. (Docket nos. 17-1,
17-2), an exhibit of the summary plan description of the Plan (Docket no. 17-3),
an exhibit of plaintiff's timecards (Docket no. 17-4), exhibits of
communications by True Communications employees (Docket nos. 17-5, 17-6, 17-7,
17-8, 17-9), and a declaration from plaintiff (Warnick [*13]  Decl.). Plaintiff
also filed a notice of hearing, setting the motion for default judgment before
the undersigned on Friday, March 11, 2016. (Docket no. 18). The certificates of
service accompanying these filings also indicate that counsel sent copies to
defendants at their last known mailing address. (Docket nos. 16-18).

For these reasons, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends a finding that
the Clerk of Court has properly entered a default as to the defendants.

Liability

According to Fed. R. Civ. P. 54(c), a default judgment "must not differ in kind
from, or exceed in amount, what is demanded in the pleadings." Because the
defendants failed to file a responsive pleading and are in default, they admit
the factual allegations in the complaint. See Fed. R. Civ. P. 8(b)(6).

As set forth in the complaint, defendants allegedly violated certain provisions
of ERISA, the FLSA, breached an employment agreement, were unjustly enriched,
committed fraud, and breached of implied covenant of good faith and fair
dealing. (Compl. ¶¶ 25-65). Plaintiff claims that Libonate and Delisi, as
co-fiduciaries of the Plan, violated ERISA by failing to remit the appropriate
contributions from plaintiff's wages to the Plan and failing to correct the
[*14]  others' breach of their fiduciary duty to the Plan. (Compl. ¶¶ 25-34).
Plaintiff also claims that True Communications and Libonate failed to compensate
plaintiff based on the federal minimum wage for each hour she worked. See 29
U.S.C. § 206(a). (Compl. ¶¶ 35-39). Plaintiff also claims that True
Communications and Libonate breached an employment agreement with plaintiff to
pay plaintiff her annual salary from May 31, 2015 through August 28, 2015.
(Compl. ¶¶ 40-44). Plaintiff also claims that all defendants were unjustly
enriched based on plaintiff having worked for True Communications and received
no pay. (Compl. ¶¶ 45-52). Plaintiff also claims that True Communications and
Libonate committed fraud by communicating statements that True Communications
was finalizing a merger and re-capitalizing and allowing plaintiff to continue
to work without pay on reliance on these statements, when True Communications
and Libonate were aware that such statements were false. (Compl. ¶¶ 53-57).
Finally, plaintiff alleges that all defendants breached an implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing because defendants were aware that no merger was
being finalized, but allowed plaintiff to continue to rely upon assurances [*15]
that she would be paid when the merger was completed. (Compl. ¶¶ 58-65).

As set forth in the memorandum in support of plaintiff's motion for default
judgment, plaintiff seeks $3,770.00 in unpaid wages; $3,770.00 in liquidated
damages; $23,215.21 in compensatory damages for breach of contract; $11,851.85
in restitution and pre judgment interest for unremitted withholdings to the
Plan; $200,000 in punitive damages; attorney's fees and costs1, equitable relief
removing Delisi and Libonate as fiduciaries of the Plan and enjoining Delisi and
Libonate from ever serving as a fiduciary to, or service provider of, any
employee-benefit plan subject to ERISA; and post-judgment interest.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Plaintiff has also filed a Motion to Award Attorney's Fees and Costs Incurred
(Docket no. 19), which seeks an award of attorney's fees and costs. As such,
plaintiff's request for attorney's fees and costs is not considered by the
undersigned in this Report and Recommendation.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Count I: Failure to Remit Participant Salary Deferrals to the Plan (Against
Libonate and Delisi), and

Count II: Co-Fiduciary Liability for Failure to Take Reasonable Steps to Remedy
the Plan Breach (Against Libonate and Delisi)

Plaintiff's complaint [*16]  purports to bring Count I against Libonate and
Delisi simply under Section 1 of ERISA. (Compl. ¶ 6). Plaintiff's memorandum in
support of her motion for default judgment narrows this count as arising under
Sections 502(a)(1)(B), 502(a)(2), and 502(a)(3) of ERISA, 29 U.S.C. §§
1132(a)(1)(B), (a)(2), and (a)(3). (Docket no. 17 at 5, 6).

Plaintiff worked for True Communications from August 4, 2009 through August 28,
2015. (Compl. ¶¶ 14, 23). The Plan was established on November 1, 2012 and is an
employee-benefit plan within the meaning of ERISA. (Compl. ¶¶ 9-10). Libonate
and Delisi were co-trustees of the Plan. (Compl. ¶¶ 3, 4; Docket no. 17, Ex. C
at 4). Both Libonate and Delisi exercised discretionary authority and control
over the management of the Plan. (Compl. ¶¶ 3, 4). Thus, Libonate and Delisi
were fiduciaries to the Plan within the meaning of ERISA and parties in interest
to the Plan under ERISA. See 29 U.S.C. §§ 1002(21), 1002(14)(A), (H).

During the period of January 10, 2015 to May 31, 2015, True Communications
withheld contributions from plaintiff's pay, but failed to remit the amounts
withheld into the Plan's accounts. (Compl. ¶ 27). Instead of remitting the
contributions to the Plan, True Communications retained the contributions in its
own general assets. (Id.). Furthermore, from the period of May 31, [*17]  2015
through August 28, 2015, True Communications did not pay plaintiff any wages and
also failed to remit any amounts withheld into the Plan's account. (Compl. ¶
28). As before, True Communications retained the contributions for its own use
in its general assets. (Id.). Plaintiff alleges that Libonate and Delisi caused
True Communications to retain plaintiff's contributions to the Plan and failed
to ensure that such withholdings were properly deposited into the Plan. (Compl.
¶ 29). Plaintiff also alleges that Libonate and Delisi failed to remedy the
fiduciary breach of the other. (Comp. ¶¶ 32-33).

Plaintiff has established that Libonate and Delisi, as co-fiduciaries of the
Plan, violated Sections 403(a), 403(c)(1), 404(a)(1)(A), 404(a)(1)(D), 406(b)(1)
, and 406(b)(2) of ERISA. 29 U.S.C. §§ 1103(a), 1103(c)(1), 1104(a)(1)(A),
1104(a)(1)(D), 1106(b)(1), and 1106(b)(2). Plaintiff has shown that Libonate and
Delisi failed to ensure that the assets of the Plan were held in trust and never
inured to the benefit of the employer, failed to act exclusively in the best
interests of the Plan and its beneficiaries; failed to discharge their duties
under the Plan's governing documents, dealt with the assets in their own
interest or in a manner adverse to the Plan's participants, and failed to remedy
the breaches of other fiduciaries of the Plan. [*18]  Accordingly, plaintiff is
entitled to relief for these violations.

Plaintiff seeks $11,851.85 in restitution for unremitted Plan withholdings,
which consists of $11,617.29 in restitution for undeposited Plan contributions
from January 10, 2015 through August 28, 2015, which plaintiff claims is 17
bi-weekly pay periods at $683.37 per pay period, and $234.56 in "restitution
opportunity cost damages." (Docket no. 17 at 15-16). However, January 10, 2015
through August 28, 2015 consists of 33 weeks, which would entitle plaintiff to
16 bi-weekly pay periods and 1 remaining week of undeposited contributions.
Accordingly, plaintiff is entitled to $11,275.61 (33 weeks x $341.685 per week)
in unremitted Plan withholdings.

Plaintiff's request for "restitution opportunity cost damages" is understood by
the undersigned to be a request for pre judgment interest. The awarding of
pre-judgement interest in this ERISA action is left to the sound discretion of
the court. 29 U.S.C. § 1132(g); Quesinberry v. Life Ins. Co. of North America,
987 F.2d 1017, 1030 (4th Cir.1993) ("ERISA does not specifically provide for pre
judgment interest, and absent a statutory mandate the award of pre-judgment
interest is discretionary with the trial court"). The undersigned finds the
claimed amount of $234.56 in pre-judgment [*19]  interest to be fair and
reasonable. See Edmonds v. Hughes Aircraft Co., No. 1:96-1368-A, 1998 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 24081, 1998 WL 782016, at *3 (E.D. Va. Nov. 6, 1998) (holding in an ERISA
action that the "awarding [of] pre judgment interest is essentially equitable in
that it is intended to compensate the plaintiff for the loss of use of her money
and thereby to make her whole").

Finally, ERISA provides:


     Any person who is a fiduciary with respect to a plan who breaches any
     of the responsibilities, obligations, or duties imposed upon
     fiduciaries by this subchapter shall be personally liable to make good
     to such plan any losses to the plan resulting from each such breach,
     and to restore to such plan any profits of such fiduciary which have
     been made through use of assets of the plan by the fiduciary, and
     shall be subject to such other equitable or remedial relief as the
     court may deem appropriate, including removal of such fiduciary.


29 U.S.C. § 1109(a). Thus, any recovery under ERISA for breach of a fiduciary
duty must inure to the benefit of the plan as a whole. Massachusetts Mut. Life
Ins. Co. v. Russell, 473 U.S. 134, 140-44, 105 S. Ct. 3085, 87 L. Ed. 2d 96,
(1985) (noting that ERISA provides a cause of action for breach of fiduciary
duty in order to address the concern of "misuse and mismanagement of plan assets
by plan administrators"); Smith v. Sydnor, 184 F.3d 356, 363 (4th Cir. 1999).

For these reasons, the undersigned recommends [*20]  that a default judgment be
entered in favor of plaintiff on Counts I and II against defendants Libonate and
Delisi in the amount of $11,510.17 (consisting of $11,275.61 in unremitted Plan
withholdings + $234.56 in pre-judgment interest). The undersigned further
recommends that Libonate and Delisi be required to restore this amount to the
Plan on plaintiff's behalf in accordance with 29 U.S.C. § 1109(a).

Injunctive Relief

Plaintiff also seeks injunctive relief. Specifically, plaintiff seeks the
removal of Delisi and Libonate as fiduciaries of the Plan and enjoinment of
Delisi and Libonate from serving as a fiduciary to, or service provider of, any
ERISA-covered employee plan.

To determine whether injunctive relief is warranted, the court must balance the
following factors: (1) the likelihood of success on the merits of the
plaintiff's claim (for a preliminary injunction) or the existence of actual
success on the merits (for a permanent injunction); (2) the likelihood of
irreparable injury to the plaintiff in the absence of an injunction; (3) the
likelihood of harm to other interested persons if an injunction is issued; and
(4) the public interest in granting versus not granting the injunction. See
Amoco Production Co. v. Village of Gambell, 480 U.S. 531, 546 n.12, 107 S. Ct.
1396, 94 L. Ed. 2d 542 (1987); Blackwelder Furniture Co. v. Seilig Mfg. Co.,
Inc., 550 F.2d 189, 193, 196 (4th Cir.1977).

Here, [*21]  defendants have defaulted, thus plaintiff has shown actual success
on the merits. Based on the facts established in this action, the likelihood of
irreparable injury to plaintiff is high should Libonate and Delisi remain as
fiduciaries of the Plan. Finally, the likelihood of harm to other interested
persons is low if an injunction is issued, and the public interest would be
served if the injunctive relief plaintiff seeks is granted. Therefore, the
undersigned finds that plaintiff is entitled to the injunctive relief she seeks
in this case that would remove Delisi and Libonate as fiduciaries of the Plan.
As to Delisi and Libonate serving as fiduciaries to any ERISA-covered
employee-benefits plan in the future, the undersigned recommends that the court
defer on that issue and allow the U.S. Department of Labor to make that
determination following its ongoing investigation.

Count III: Violation of the Minimum Wage Provisions of the FLSA (Against True
Communications and Libonate)

To establish a violation of the FLSA for non-payment of the minimum wage under
29 U.S.C. § 206, a plaintiff must show that: (1) the plaintiff was employed by
the defendant; (2) the plaintiff was engaged in commerce or in the production
[*22]  of goods for commerce; (3) the plaintiff was not compensated for all
hours worked during each work week at a rate equal to or greater than the
then-applicable minimum wage; and (4) none of the exemptions in 29 U.S.C. § 213
applied to the plaintiff's position. See 29 U.S.C. § 206.

The facts set forth in the complaint establish that plaintiff was employed by
True Communications from August 4, 2009 through August 28, 2015. (Compl. ¶¶ 14,
23). During all times relevant, True Communications and Libonate had the ability
to control the time, manner, and location of plaintiff's tasks and retained the
power to hire and fire her and thus were employers under the FLSA. (Compl. ¶
36). Plaintiff was engaged in commerce in that she worked at True
Communications' location in Loudon County, Virginia, engaged with customers
outside of Virginia, and was employed in an enterprise engaged in commerce or in
the production of goods for commerce, as True Communications provided
telecommunications services to businesses throughout the United States and had
annual gross volume of sales made or business done not less than $500,000.2
(Compl. ¶ 13). Plaintiff alleges that True Communications and Libonate failed to
compensate her for all hours [*23]  worked from May 31, 2015 through August 28,
2015. (Compl. ¶ 37). No evidence has been produced to show that any of the
exceptions listed in 29 U.S.C. § 213 apply to plaintiff, and she appears to be a
covered employee entitled to payment of minimum wage. See Darveau v. Detecon,
Inc., 515 F.3d 334, 337 (4th Cir. 2008) ("An employer bears the burden of
proving that a particular employee's job falls within such an exception.").

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 The undersigned questioned the plaintiff at the hearing on March 11, 2016 as
to True Communications' gross volume of sales. Plaintiff confirmed that True
Communications' gross volume of sales made or business done was not less than
$500,000 during the relevant time period.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Plaintiff indicates that from May 31, 2015 through August 28, 2015, she worked a
total of approximately 520 hours and received no compensation (13 weeks x 40
hours). (Warrick Decl. ¶¶ 11-12). Defendants have not contested plaintiff's
recollection of the number of hours she worked. The federal minimum wage is
$7.25 per hour. See 29 U.S.C. § 206(a)(1)(C). For each regular business hour
worked, plaintiff is entitled to payment at the rate of $7.25 per hour.
Plaintiff has thus appropriately calculated the amount of minimum wages due from
May 31, 2015 through August 28, 2015 as $3,770.00 (520 hours [*24]  x $7.25 per
hour).

Accordingly, the undersigned recommends that a default judgment be entered in
favor of plaintiff against Libonate and True Communications in the amount of
$3,770.00 in unpaid regular wages under the FLSA.

Liquidated Damages

In FLSA cases, employees are routinely awarded liquidated damages equal to the
amount of unpaid wages. See 29 U.S.C. § 216(b); Donovan v. Bel-Loc Diner, Inc.,
780 F.2d 1113, 1118 (4th Cir. 1985). However, an employer can avoid the
imposition of liquidated damages upon a showing of good faith. In this case, the
employers have failed to appear and present any defense to plaintiff's claim of
a violation of the FLSA. (Compl. ¶¶ 35-39). Accordingly, an award of liquidated
damages equal to the amount of unpaid wages is appropriate.

For these reasons, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends that a default
judgment be entered in favor of plaintiff against defendants True Communications
and Libonate on Count III in the amount of $7,540.00 (consisting of $3,770.00 in
unpaid regular wages + $3,770.00 in liquidated damages owed under the FLSA).

Count IV: Breach of Contract (Against True Communications and Libonate)

In order to prevail on her claim for breach of contract under Virginia law,
plaintiff must show: "(1) a legally enforceable obligation [*25]  of a defendant
to a plaintiff; (2) the defendant's violation or breach of that obligation; and
(3) injury or damage to the plaintiff caused by the breach of obligation."
Sunrise Continuing Care, LLC v. Wright, 277 Va. 148, 671 S.E.2d 132, 135 (Va.
2009) (quoting Filak v. George, 267 Va. 612, 594 S.E.2d 610, 614 (Va. 2004)). A
legally enforceable obligation is shown by establishing an offer, acceptance,
and valuable consideration. See, e.g., Montagna v. Holiday Inns, Inc., 221 Va.
336, 269 S.E.2d 838, 845 (Va. 1980).

Plaintiff has established a claim for breach of contract under Virginia law
against True Communications. 3 In her complaint, plaintiff alleges that she and
True Communications entered into an employment agreement whereby True
Communications promised to compensate plaintiff on an annual salary basis.
(Compl. ¶ 41). Plaintiff alleges that in 2015, she agreed to work for the
company in exchange for an annual salary of $118,000. (Warnick Decl. ¶ 7).
Intending to be bound by the terms of that agreement, plaintiff performed work
for True Communications from May 31, 2015 through August 28, 2015. (Compl. ¶
42). Plaintiff also indicates that she accrued 40 hours of leave that True
Communications agreed to pay to her under the employment contract. (Docket no.
17 at 10 n.3). True Communications is thus obligated to pay plaintiff in
exchange for the 13 weeks of service she provided from May 31, 2015 [*26]
through August 28, 2015, as well as the 40 hours of accrued leave under the
agreement. Plaintiff alleges that True Communications breached this obligation
by failing to compensate plaintiff for the work performed and the accrued leave
at the agreed upon salary in the amount of $56.73 per hour ($118,000 per year /
2080 hours per year). (Id.). Thus, plaintiff claims True Communications failed
to pay plaintiff $31,768.80 (520 hours [13 weeks x 40 hours] + 40 hours of
accrued leave x $56.73 per hour). (Id.). However, plaintiff requests $23,215.21
in damages for breach of contract, having subtracted the damages she claims she
is entitled to under the FLSA and ERISA for the time period of May 31, 2015
through August 28, 2015. (Id.); see also General Tel. Co. v. EEOC, 446 U.S. 318,
333, 100 S. Ct. 1698, 64 L. Ed. 2d 319 (1980) ("[T]he courts can and should
preclude double recovery by an individual.").

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Plaintiff avers that "a valid and enforceable contract was entered into by and
between Defendant True Communications, Inc.," and "despite Plaintiff's
performance of her contractual duties owed to the Defendant True Communications,
Defendant True Communications has failed and refused to compensate the Plaintiff
in accord with the terms of the employment agreement." (Compl. ¶¶ 41, 43) [*27]
(emphasis added). Accordingly, as the employment agreement was between plaintiff
and True Communications, it does not appear a legally enforceable contractual
obligation arose between plaintiff and Libonate, True Communications' president.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

For these reasons, the undersigned recommends that a default judgment be entered
in favor of the plaintiff on Count IV in the amount of $23,556.89 against True
Communications, comprised of plaintiff's contractual damages ($31,768.80) less
plaintiff's unpaid wages under the FLSA ($3,770.00) and unremitted contributions
under ERISA ($4,441.91) for the time period of May 31, 2015 through August 28,
2015.4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 Plaintiff asked the court to consider her claim of unjust enrichment against
all the defendants under Count V "[s]hould the Court conclude that Plaintiff and
Defendants did not enter into an employment contract." (Docket no. 17 at 10).
Having recommended a recovery for plaintiff against True Communications for
breach of contract, the undersigned does not consider plaintiff's claim for
unjust enrichment against all defendants. Furthermore, plaintiff has provided no
argument for her averment that the court should pierce the corporate veil or
find Libonate and Delisi, [*28]  as shareholders and directors of True
Communications, personally liable for unjust enrichment under Count V. As such,
the undersigned does not recommend such a finding.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Count VI: Fraud (Against True Communications and Libonate)

"An allegation of fraud requires a showing by clear and convincing evidence of
an intentional and knowing misrepresentation of a material fact, made with the
intent to mislead, and relied upon by another to his or her detriment." Flippo
v. CSC Associates III, LLC, 262 Va. 48, 66, 547 S.E.2d 216 (2001).

Plaintiff has established a claim for fraud against True Communications and
Libonate under Virginia law. Plaintiff alleges that True Communications and
Libonate were aware that True Communications was not finalizing a merger, yet
Libonate affirmed to plaintiff in July and August 2015 that such a merger was
being finalized in order to induce plaintiff to continue working without pay.
(Compl. ¶¶ 55, 56). Plaintiff indicates that she relied upon such false
statements and as a result, continued working for True Communications without
compensation before her termination on August 28, 2015. (Compl. ¶ 57). Plaintiff
was never paid for the hours she worked during this period. (Compl. ¶ 24).

Plaintiff seeks punitive damages against True Communications [*29]  and Libonate
under Count VI. Virginia permits the recovery of punitive damages "upon proof of
a degree of aggravation in the critical state of mind above the threshold level
required to establish liability for compensatory relief." Sit-Set, A.G. v.
Universal Jet Exch., Inc., 747 F.2d 921, 928 (4th Cir. 1984) (citation omitted).
This burden requires finding "an element of wantonness, or malice, or
overreaching going beyond mere 'shadiness' in commercial dealings." Id.
(citation omitted). Here, the alleged false statements by Libonate occurred over
the course of a number of weeks and over time appear to track the alleged
progress of a merger Libonate knew to be nonexistent. In relying upon these
false statements that grew in specificity and detail, plaintiff continued to
work without pay for a number of weeks. Accordingly, the undersigned recommends
a finding that plaintiff has satisfied her burden to show that the actions of
Libonate and True Communications were wanton and malicious. Accordingly, the
undersigned recommends a finding of punitive damages in the amount of $25,000.00
.

For these reasons, the undersigned recommends that a default judgment be entered
in favor of the plaintiff on Count VI against True Communications and Libonate
in the amount of $25,000.00 [*30]  in punitive damages.

Count VII: Breach of Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair Dealing (Against
All Defendants)

"In Virginia, the elements of a claim for breach of an implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing are (1) a contractual relationship between the parties,
and (2) a breach of the implied covenant." Enomoto v. Space Adventures, Ltd.,
624 F. Supp. 2d 443, 450 (E.D. Va. 2009) citing (Charles E. Brauer Co., Inc. v.
NationsBank of Va., N.A., 251 Va. 28, 466 S.E.2d 382, 386 (1996)). Allegations
of "bad faith and unfair dealing in a contractual relationship" are sufficient
to show a breach of the implied covenant. Id. at 451.

Plaintiff has established True Communications breached an implied covenant of
good faith and fair dealing. Plaintiff has alleged that a contractual agreement
existed between her and True Communications. (Compl. ¶ 15). Plaintiff has also
alleged that True Communications' president, Libonate, was well aware that True
Communications was not on the cusp of finalizing a merger that would allow the
company to grow, and importantly, pay those employees who had not been paid,
when he sent emails to plaintiff in July and August 2015 that expressed such
representations. (Compl. ¶ 60). Plaintiff has alleged that Libonate's
representations that the company was nearing a merger and financial certainty
were made in bad faith, were inherently deceptive, [*31]  and had the goal of
inducing plaintiff to continue working without pay under her employment contract
with True Communications. (Compl. ¶ 64).

Plaintiff seeks punitive damages for True Communications' breach of an implied
covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The undersigned finds that True
Communications' conduct "was so willful and wanton as to show a conscious
disregard for the rights of others" and thus, punitive damages are appropriate.
PGI, Inc. v. Rathe Prods., Inc., 265 Va. 334, 346, 576 S.E.2d 438 (2003).

For these reasons, the undersigned recommends that a default judgment be entered
in favor of the plaintiff against True Communications on Count VII in the amount
of $25,000 in punitive damages.

Post-Judgment Interest

In the motion default judgment, plaintiff also seeks post-judgment interest.
(Docket no. 17 at 16). "[F]ederal law mandates the awarding of post-judgment
interest" on any money judgment obtained in a civil case. Quesinberry, 987 F.2d
at 1031 (citing 28 U.S.C. § 1961).

Accordingly, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends a finding that interest
subsequent to the date of judgment should be paid in accordance with, and at the
rate prescribed by, 28 U.S.C. § 1961.

Conclusion

For these reasons, the undersigned magistrate judge recommends that a default
judgment be entered in favor of plaintiff Elizabeth [*32]  Warnick and against
defendants True Communications, Inc., Stephen Libonate, and John Delisi as
follows:

1. In the amount of $11,510.17 against Libonate and Delisi, jointly and
severally, on Counts I and II to be paid into the Plan on plaintiff's behalf;

2. In the amount of $7,540.00 against True Communications and Libonate, jointly
and severally, on Count III;

3. In the amount of $23,556.89 against True Communications on Count IV;

4. In the amount of $25,000.00 in punitive damages against True Communications
and Libonate, jointly and severally, on Counts VI and VII;

5. That Delisi and Libonate be removed as fiduciaries of the Plan; and

6. Plaintiff be awarded post-judgment statutory interest at the rate prescribed
by 28 § 1961.5

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 The award of attorney's fees and costs are the subject of a separate motion
pending before the District Judge.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Notice

By means of the court's electronic filing system and by mailing a copy of this
proposed findings of fact and recommendations to True Communications, Inc.,
22375 Broderick Drive, Ste. 215, Sterling, VA 20166; Stephen Libonate, 9521
Bridgewater Court, Frederick, MD 21701; and John Delisi, 5 Rachel Drive, New
Egypt, NJ 08533 the parties are notified that objections [*33]  to this proposed
findings of fact and recommendations must be filed within fourteen (14) days of
service of this proposed findings of fact and recommendations and a failure to
file timely objections waives appellate review of the substance of the proposed
findings of fact and recommendations and waives appellate review of any judgment
or decision based on this proposed findings of fact and recommendations.

ENTERED this 15th day of March, 2016.

/s/ John F. Anderson

John F. Anderson

United States Magistrate Judge

Alexandria, Virginia


                              216 of 221 DOCUMENTS

           Sit-Set, A.G., Appellant, v. Universal Jet Exchange, Inc.,
           Pat Janas, individually and as President of Universal Jet
            Exchange, Inc., Pat Janas Enterprises, Inc., Michael J.
            Sala, individually and as Executitive Vice President of
            Universal Jet Exchange, Inc. and Bill Hodges Truck Co.,
          Inc., Appellees, and William B. Owens and Investment Trading
                             Co., Inc., Defendants

                                  No. 83-1195

             UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE FOURTH CIRCUIT

                    747 F.2d 921; 1984 U.S. App. LEXIS 17110

                              May 7, 1984, Argued
                           November 1, 1984, Decided

PRIOR HISTORY:  [**1]   Appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Virginia, at Alexandria.  Oren R. Lewis, District Judge.

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff seller filed suit against defendant buyer for
breach of a contract to purchase an airplane. The seller also filed suit against
defendant broker for fraudulent misrepresentation. The United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Virginia granted a judgment notwithstanding
the verdict in favor of the broker and a judgment in favor of the buyer. The
seller appealed.

OVERVIEW: The seller claimed that it was prejudiced by trial errors and that the
trial court erred by granting the judgment notwithstanding the verdict (JNOV)
and denying punitive damages. The seller also challenged its damages award
against the broker. The court held that (1) the seller was prejudiced on the
breach of contract claim by the trial judges interventions into the jury's
fact-finding function; and (2) the JNOV was properly granted for one of the
broker's officers, but was improperly granted for the officer who was directly
involved in the transaction.

OUTCOME: The contract claim was remanded for a new trial and one JNOV was
reversed. The remainder of the judgment was affirmed.

CORE TERMS: negotiations, misrepresentation, n.o.v, inspection, aircraft,
punitive damages, deposit, new trial, broker, damages issue, punitive, bargain,
contract claim, conditioned, granting judgment, fraud case, fraud claim,
unrealized, disputed, direct contact, fraudulent misrepresentation, evidence
adduced, contract of sale, jury verdict, state of mind, entitled to recover,
compensatory, aggravation, severally, jointly


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Civil Procedure > Trials > Jury Trials > Province of Court & Jury
[HN1] Federal trial judges have the power and duty to govern, within bounds, the
conduct of jury trials by direct participation in the examination of witnesses
and by commenting, with proper deference to the jury, upon the evidence.

Civil Procedure > Remedies > Damages > Punitive Damages
Torts > Damages > Punitive Damages > General Overview
Torts > Intentional Torts > Malicious Prosecution > Elements > General Overview
[HN2] The general proposition is that a punitive damage issue submission is
required as an incident to the submission of any underlying tort claim that
contains as an essential element a state of mind that corresponds in terms to
the state of mind required to support a punitive damage award.

Civil Procedure > Remedies > Damages > Punitive Damages
Torts > Business Torts > Fraud & Misrepresentation > Actual Fraud > General
Overview
Torts > Damages > Punitive Damages > General Overview
[HN3] Submission of a punitive damages issue is not only not automatically
required in all fraud cases, but not even in all cases involving torts having
malice as an essential element.

COUNSEL: Walter A. Smith, Jr. (Alphonso A. Christian, II, Mary Anne Mason, Hogan
and Hartson), for Appellant.

James A. Kirk (James M. Chaney, Kirk & Chaney, Kenneth E. Labowitz, Robert E.
Sevila, Douglas L. Fleming, Burke F. McCahill, Hanes, Sevilla, Saunders &
McCahill), for Appellees.

JUDGES: Russell and Phillips, Circuit Judges, and Haynsworth, Senior Circuit
Judge.

OPINION BY: PHILLIPS

OPINION

 [*923]  PHILLIPS, Circuit Judge:

This is a diversity case in which Sit-Set, A.G. (Sit-Set) sued Bill Hodges Truck
Co., Inc. (Hodges) alleging breach by Hodges of a contract to purchase an
airplane owned by Sit-Set and, on an alternative claim, sued Universal Jet
Exchange, Inc. (Universal) and two of its officers alleging that the latter,
acting as broker, fraudulently misrepresented to Sit-Set the fact of Universal's
authority to act as Hodges's agent and the terms upon which Hodges was willing
to purchase.

Sit-Set appeals from a judgment entered on a jury verdict in favor of Hodges on
the contract claim and from the district court's grant of judgment [**2]  n.o.v.
in favor of Universal's officers following jury verdict in favor of Sit-Set on
the alternative claim against the broker and its officers.

Because of trial errors prejudicing Sit-Set on the contract claim and an error
of law in granting judgment n.o.v. in favor of one of Universal's officers, we
affirm in part, modify in part and remand for a new trial on the contract claim,
with directions for disposition of the case depending upon outcome of the new
trial.

I

At the critical times leading to this litigation Hodges was a corporation
engaged in the oil field trucking and drilling business with its home office in
Oklahoma; Sit-Set was a Swiss corporation; and Universal was a corporate broker
in executive type aircraft with principal office in Virginia.

When Universal learned in early 1982 that Sit-Set might be willing to sell a
Gulf Stream II executive jet aircraft (G-II), it set about constituting itself
the broker for a possible sale and purchase.  Following contacts made with both
Hodges and Sit-Set, Universal received the go-ahead from both to act in an
ill-defined intermediary capacity in negotiating a possible sale and purchase.
The exact nature of the resulting [**3]  relationship between the three parties
is a critical and disputed issue in this case, and it suffices at this point
simply to note certain undisputed aspects of the ensuing negotiations involving
the three.  Principals in the negotiations were, for Hodges, its corporate
President, Jack Hodges; for Sit-Set, its President, Bruce Rappaport; for
Universal, its President, Patrick Janas, and an independent contractor, William
Owens.  During most of the critical negotiating events, Rappaport was in
Switzerland, and Jack Hodges was in Oklahoma.  Except apparently for one
inclusive direct contact between Rappaport and Jack Hodges, communications
between Sit-Set and Hodges were transmitted through or by direction of
Universal's people.  Owens was Universal's direct contact with Jack Hodges,
while Janas was its principal direct contact with Rappaport.

Without attempting a full account of the predictably confused communications
that resulted from this loosely constructed, widely dispersed relationship, it
suffices to state that the negotiations were essentially orchestrated out of
Universal's home office in Virginia, and were conducted in the main by telexes
between the parties and by direct [**4]  and telephonic conversations between
Owens and Jack Hodges on the one side and Janas and Rappaport on the other.  The
most critical feature of the resulting negotiations was that both Hodges and
Sit-Set unmistakably relied upon Universal to communicate to each of them the
evolving negotiating positions of the other.

The critical events and features of the negotiations can be quickly summarized
for our purposes, though they were of course much more complicated, confused,
and disputed in their details as chronicled at trial.  Negotiations got under
way with a succession of offers to purchase by Hodges and rejections by Sit-Set,
all communicated through Universal, at prices in the range just below ten
million dollars.  When negotiations  [*924]  seemed stalled, Universal suggested
to Jack Hodges that it might be helpful for Hodges to put up a "good faith
deposit" of $500,000 to be applied on the purchase price.  Hodges complied by
sending a check in the suggested amount to Universal for purposes not clearly
stated.  This "deposit" was held by Universal until the negotiations aborted, at
which time the right to the sum represented became a matter of contention
between the three parties.

[**5]  With negotiations resumed, events then proceeded fairly rapidly to their
aborted end.  Drastically summarized, they unfolded as follows.  Following the
breakdown of plans for Jack Hodges to go to Geneva to talk directly with
Rappaport and to inspect the aircraft, Janas, for Universal, went instead --
with Jack Hodges's knowledge and, to an extent now disputed, Hodges's authority
to continue negotiations on Hodges's behalf.  With Janas in direct contact with
Rappaport in Geneva and Owens in direct contact with Jack Hodges in Oklahoma, a
net purchase price of $10,200,000 was apparently firmly agreed upon between
Hodges and Sit-Set through Universal as intermediary.  At this point, however,
there was apparently a misunderstanding, perhaps suspected, perhaps unknown,
between Hodges and Sit-Set on one critical feature of any agreement that then
existed between them: whether the sale and purchase was yet conditioned upon
Jack Hodges's approval of the aircraft following a personal inspection yet to
occur.  The parties were then unmistakably agreed that performance was
conditional upon the aircraft's passing a technical airworthiness inspection by
independent third parties, but whether it [**6]  was also conditioned upon Jack
Hodges's personal approval remains disputed.  There is no doubt that Hodges's
original position on this point, both as communicated to Universal and by
Universal on to Sit-Set, was that purchase was so conditioned. But subsequent
communications between the three parties simply left it a disputable matter
whether the condition had actually been abandoned by Hodges, or was, in any
event, represented as abandoned by Universal acting with apparent authority of
Hodges.

In any event, proceeding on its understanding of the agreement that had been
reached at that point, Sit-Set had the aircraft flown, at Sit-Set's expense, to
Savannah, Georgia, where all involved understood it was to stand at least the
technical airworthiness inspection. The aircraft indisputably then passed this
technical inspection, but before that occurred, Jack Hodges, asserting a
continued right of personal approval, had come to Savannah, inspected the
aircraft and rejected it as unsatisfactory.

At this point the whole transaction of course fell apart and this legal
controversy started to develop.  Hodges sought return of its $500,000 "deposit"
from Universal and when this was refused,  [**7]  commenced a civil action in
federal district court in Oklahoma to recover the sum.  Quickly following this,
Sit-Set commenced a civil action in federal district court in Virginia against
Hodges for breach of contract and against Universal and its officers on various
claims growing out of Universal's conduct as broker in the negotiations.
Included among the latter claims was one for fraudulent misrepresentation by
Universal and its officers that in connection with its last purchase offer
Hodges had abandoned the condition of personal inspection by Jack Hodges.
Following transfer of the Oklahoma action to Virginia, the cases were
consolidated and eventually went to trial on that basis. 1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 In Hodges's original action against Universal, Universal filed an
interpleader, depositing in court $400,000 of the $500,000 "deposit" to abide
resolution of the conflicting claims of Hodges and Sit-Set to the sum.
Universal claimed $100,000 of the total deposit as a broker's commission owed by
Hodges.  In the litigation of those conflicting claims between Hodges and
Universal, Hodges completely prevailed.  The resulting judgment in favor of
Hodges is not before us on this appeal.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**8]  At the close of the evidence, the district court submitted to the jury
as mutually exclusive alternative claims Sit-Set's claim  [*925]  against Hodges
for breach of contract and, in an ill-defined form, its claim against Universal
and its officers for misrepresentation and "breach of duty" in the broker role.
The jury returned a verdict in favor of Hodges on the contract breach claim, and
a verdict of $23,000 in favor of Sit-Set on the claim against Universal and its
officers.  The district court later granted motions for judgment n.o.v. on the
latter claim in favor of Universal's officers, Janas and Sala.  This appeal by
Sit-Set followed. 2 Sit-Set challenges the judgment in favor of Hodges on the
contract claim, the adequacy of its damages award against Universal, and the
grant of judgment n.o.v. in favor of Universal's officers.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 Universal and Janas also noted appeals from Sit-Set's judgment against them,
but later dismissed their appeal.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

For reasons that will appear, it is necessary to discuss [**9]  the district
court's handling of both claims, taking first the claim against Hodges for
breach of contract.

II

On the pleadings and the evidence adduced on Sit-Set's contract breach claim
against Hodges, two factual issues as to liability were raised for the jury: (1)
whether a contract of sale and purchase was formed, and (2) whether, if so, it
had as one of its terms the condition that the aircraft must pass Jack Hodges's
personal inspection for "aesthetics" as well as a technical airworthiness
inspection by third parties.  Hodges defended against this claim on alternative
grounds that no contract was ever formed due to a failure of the parties to
achieve a sufficient "meeting of the minds" on critical terms, or that if a
contract was formed, Hodges's obligation to purchase under its terms was
conditioned upon Jack Hodges's personal approval, which condition was not
fulfilled.  Sit-Set claimed on the contrary that a contract was formed as a
result of negotiations carried on by Universal acting for Hodges with at least
apparent authority, and that the contract as formed did not contain the personal
approval condition.  The evidence adduced on these theories of claim and defense
[**10]  was in substantial conflict on each, and a jury could properly have
found for either party on the issues presented and submitted.

Regrettably, we have concluded that the verdict in favor of Hodges on this claim
cannot be allowed to stand because of impermissibly extensive and intrusive
interventions by the trial judge in the jury's fact-finding function.  As
Sit-Set has principally contended on this appeal, 3 those interjections must be
taken to have prejudiced Sit-Set in the effective presentation of its claim and
in the fair consideration of the claim by the jury.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Other trial errors were assigned by Sit-Set, including the refusal by the
court to instruct on apparent authority, a critical issue in the case.  Because
it is not necessary to address the other assignments to dispose of this appeal,
we decline to do so.  Upon retrial, the issues to which they related may or may
not be raised again in the same or different form.  If they are raised, we are
content that they be addressed anew as matters for first instance consideration
by the district judge to whom the case is assigned for retrial.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**11]   [HN1]

Federal trial judges of course have the power and duty to govern, within bounds,
the conduct of jury trials by direct participation in the examination of
witnesses and by commenting, with proper deference to the jury, upon the
evidence, see United States v. Cole, 491 F.2d 1276, 1278 (4th Cir. 1974); United
States v. Cassiagnol, 420 F.2d 868, 879 (4th Cir. 1970); Pollard v. Fennell, 400
F.2d 421, 423 (4th Cir. 1968), but we find those bounds so far exceeded in this
case that we must assume that not only the appearance of justice, see Crandell
v. United States, 703 F.2d 74, 78 (4th Cir. 1983), but its reality has assuredly
been compromised.  No good purpose would be served by an extensive documentation
from the record to demonstrate this.  To illustrate the point, we note in the
margin some critical examples. 4 They but  [*926]  highlight a course of
judicial domination of the examination of witnesses so persistent throughout the
trial that the result was an effective preemption of counsel's legitimate
function in the adversarial process.  And this occurred without any arguably
justifying increase in the clarity [**12]  of the evidence being elicited by
counsel or in the expedition with which it was being elicited.  In fact, from a
review of the trial transcript the opposite result seems the more likely.  Aside
from, and more critical than, the disruption caused to counsel's presentation of
its case, the overall effect could only have been to convey to the jury a
judicial view -- and a legally erroneous one -- that though the issues might
technically be open ones for the jury's resolution, there was but one way
reasonably to resolve them.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 In relation to the disputed issue whether, despite the conceded lack of
agreement on all terms, a contract of sale might nevertheless have been formed,
see Va. Code § 8.2-204 (contract for sale may exist despite open terms, if
parties so intend and reasonably certain basis for remedy exists), the following
exchange occurred in the presence of the jury during the examination of Janas,
Universal's President:


     JANAS: I reduced it [the agreement] to the telex.

     THE COURT: I understand, but there's a lot missing.  There's nothing
     in that agreement, that's in that acceptance that says anything about
     when you're going to pay, how you're going to pay.  There's nothing
     said in there about a deposit, nothing in there that says whether it's
     all cash, what the interest is, and there's just so much there as a
     salesman there's no doubt in your mind that wouldn't be an agreement
     between the two of them.

     JANAS: You're absolutely right.

     THE COURT: It's the making of an agreement.

     JANAS: The making of an agreement.

     THE COURT: It isn't until it's reduced to terms.  It falls far short
     of it.



In relation to the critical issue, disputable on the evidence, whether in the
course of the negotiations Hodges, through Universal as its apparent agent,
abandoned as a term of its original purchase offers the condition that the
aircraft pass a personal "aesthetic" inspection, the following judicial comments
and interjections occurred during the examination of witnesses in the presence
of the jury:


     THE COURT: He bought it subject to an inspection . . . .  He said he
     would take it subject to his right to inspect it under certain
     conditions.

     . . .

     There's nothing unreasonable (sic) about a man buying a house without
     looking at it and the same with an airplane. He's got a right to look
     at it.

     . . .

     Then do you have the right to look at a $10,000,000 airplane? I can't
     imagine anyone buying one without looking at it himself or letting
     some authorized person look at it for him.

     . . .

     THE COURT: If I bought a house and I reserved the right to go and look
     at it, I might not like the shape of the rooms.  It might be a perfect
     house.

     . . .

     THE COURT: You produce some evidence to me or to this jury that people
     that buy a $10,000,000 airplane and don't know what's in them.

     . . .

     What's the difference what he told him, because the acceptance, the
     offer is expressly conditioned on a specified inspection. . . .
     [Hodges] wanted to inspect it and the whole offer was conditioned upon
     his right to inspect it, according to this telegram.



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**13]  Mindful of the virtue of achieving finality in litigation and of the
harmless error imperative, we have searched the record to see if somehow these
interventions might be found, when assessed in total context, not so surely to
have tainted the verdict that it must be set aside. In fairness to the
verdict-loser here we cannot so conclude.  This was not a trial in which
possibly prejudicial interventions by the court were sufficiently balanced
between the parties that overall no impression of partiality for one side's
position over the other's was likely to have been conveyed.  Cf, United States
v. Head, 697 F.2d 1200 (4th Cir. 1982). The court gave a boilerplate final
instruction to the jury that it was the sole judge of the facts and that it
should find the facts on the evidence and not on what counsel or the judge might
have said.  But in the circumstances this could not be thought to have removed
the impression here necessarily conveyed of judicial partiality for, indeed
acceptance of, the defendant's position. See Myers v. George, 271 F.2d 168, 174
(8th Cir. 1959). Because the dispositive issues to which this prejudicial
judicial commentary [**14]  was directed were not subject to directed verdict or
peremptory instructions the commentary  [*927]  cannot be considered harmless
error on that basis.

III

Though, as originally pleaded, Sit-Set's action against Universal and its
officers included four separate claims, 5 at the conclusion of the trial it only
requested submission of a claim of fraudulent misrepresentations by Universal as
a mutually exclusive alternative to its claim against Hodges for contract
breach.  Sit-Set's stated theory of liability on this claim was that if no
contract with Hodges had been formed or if, though formed, it included the
unfulfilled condition of aesthetic approval, Sit-Set's resulting economic losses
were caused by its misunderstanding of Universal's authority and of the terms of
Hodges's final purchase offer, which in turn were caused by Sit-Set's reasonable
reliance upon Universal's fraudulent misrepresentations on those matters.  On
this theory Sit-Set was therefore entitled to recover compensatory damages
measured by the value of its unrealized contract bargain and its reliance
expenses, and to recover punitive damages because of the necessarily intentional
nature of Universal's conduct.  [**15]

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 For specific performance of a "contract" to turn over the $500,000 "deposit"
upon Hodges's "default"; for conversion of the "deposit"; for "breach of
warranty" by Universal that the sales contract would be performed; and for
fraudulent misrepresentations by Universal in the contract negotiations.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In colloquy with counsel prior to submitting the case to the jury the court
first indicated, without explanation, its intention not to submit the fraudulent
misrepresentation claim.  But, again without explanation, the court then
permitted counsel to argue the claim to the jury and submitted it for jury
consideration by concededly cursory instructions which permitted an award of
compensatory, 6 but not punitive, damages as claimed by Sit-Set.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 The court's instruction can reasonably be interpreted to include as
compensable items, if liability for fraud were found, the value of the
unrealized contract bargain and Sit-Set's reliance expenses.  Sit-Set, though
challenging the adequacy of the instruction as to the loss of bargain item,
apparently concedes that this was the reach of the instruction.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [**16]  On the basis of this submission the jury returned a verdict of $23,000
7 against Universal, Janas and Sala, jointly and severally.  The court then
granted judgment n.o.v. in favor of Janas and Sala on the basis that the verdict
represented a finding of breach of implied contract by Universal to pay
Sit-Set's expenses in connection with the Savannah inspection, and that
corporate officers were not liable for such corporate contractual obligations.
Judgment was accordingly entered only against Universal.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 A $23,000 plus figure was given by one of Sit-Set's witnesses as an estimate
of Sit-Set's expenses incurred in having the aircraft flown to Savannah.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

As indicated, Universal and Janas, as well as Sit-Set, noted appeals from this
portion of the judgment but the former two parties later dismissed their
appeals, leaving only Sit-Set's before us.  Sit-Set contends that the court
erroneously instructed the jury on the damages recoverable on its
misrepresentation claim, and that it erred in granting judgment [**17]  n.o.v.
in favor of Janas and Sala. 8 We disagree on the damages issue, but agree as to
Janas on the judgment n.o.v. issue.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

8 Sit-Set also seems to challenge the adequacy of the court's instruction on
misrepresentation. As Universal correctly notes, however, Sit-Set simply is in
no position to make that challenge in view of its position, correct in our view,
that the jury's verdict in its favor is only supportable as a finding of
fraudulent misrepresentation by Universal.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

A

Sit-Set contends that on the evidence adduced it was entitled to submission of a
punitive damages issue on its misrepresentation claim.  We disagree.

Specifically, the contention is that under Virginia law, proof of the state of
mind requisite to establishing liability for the underlying common law tort of
fraud suffices alone to support a discretionary award  [*928]  by the jury of
punitive damages. On this view, therefore, an instruction permitting a
discretionary jury award of punitive damages is automatically required whenever
[**18]  the evidence would support a jury finding of common law fraud by
misrepresentation.

We recognize the existence of a significant body of authority for  [HN2] the
general proposition that a punitive damage issue submission is required as an
incident to the submission of any underlying tort claim that contains as an
essential element a state of mind that corresponds in terms to the state of mind
required to support a punitive damage award.  See generally Restatement (Second)
of Torts § 908, comment c (1977) (giving as example torts "like malicious
prosecution").  Indeed, this court has recently applied the principle in a
common law fraud case quite similar on its facts to the instant one, but
controlled by South Carolina rather than Virginia law, Hardy v. International
Paper Realty Corp., 716 F.2d 1044 (4th Cir. 1983).

We do not believe, however, that the Virginia decisions to which we have been
directed indicate that Virginia courts would require automatic submission of a
punitive damages issue in conjunction with any common law fraud claim
submission, nor that they would require one in this case.  While there is
language in the Virginia decisions which undoubtedly [**19]  can be read to
include fraud cases among those having the necessary quality, see, e.g., Ford
Motor Co. v. Bartholomew, 224 Va. 421, 297 S.E.2d 675, 683-84 (1982) ("conscious
disregard of the rights of others" stated to be "one of the standards of
punitive damages"), we think such a broad reading is not justified in light of
more specific applications of punitive damage principles by Virginia courts.  In
the first place, the quoted language can obviously be read broadly to include
not only all fraud cases but all intentional tort cases, and this clearly is not
in accord with Virginia law.  Indeed, in a recent case involving a common law
fraud claim the Supreme Court of Virginia has made it plain that  [HN3]
submission of a punitive damages issue is not only not automatically required in
all fraud cases, but not even in all cases involving torts having malice as an
essential element.  Jordan v. Sauve, 219 Va. 448, 247 S.E.2d 739 (1978)
(punitive damage instruction warranted on basis of evidence, though not
automatically compelled by nature of claim).

From Jordan we conclude that even in respect of tort claims having as essential
elements "fraudulent, [**20]  " or "false," or "malicious" states of mind,
Virginia does not permit recovery of punitive damages except upon proof of a
degree of aggravation in the critical state of mind above the threshold level
required to establish liability for compensatory relief. See id. at 741. Where
this line of aggravation is to be drawn in fraud cases is of course a matter
difficult of definition and application, but we read the Virginia cases as
requiring an element of wantonness, or malice, or overreaching going beyond mere
"shadiness" in commercial dealings.  See id. at 741 ("actual malice").  In
Jordan, the Virginia court indicated that submission of the issue therefore
requires a legal evaluation by the trial judge that the evidence would support a
finding of this degree of aggravation. Id. at 742.

In the instant case we conclude that on the evidence adduced, applying the
Virginia standard of aggravation, the district judge did not err in declining to
submit a punitive damages issue.

B

Sit-Set also contends that the court erred in its instructions as to the
compensatory damages recoverable under the fraud claim. Specifically, the
contention is that in instructing that Sit-Set [**21]  might recover the value
of its unrealized bargain with Hodges if fraud by Universal were found to have
caused loss of that bargain, the court completely reversed the proper rule of
damages upon breach by a purchaser of a contract of sale. Sit-Set is technically
accurate -- the court inadvertently stated the rule for breach by a seller, a
rule unfavorable under the circumstances to Sit-Set. But, laying aside the fact
that Sit-Set  [*929]  made no specific objection to this instruction, the error
was harmless in context.  Under the circumstances revealed by the evidence,
Sit-Set was not entitled to recover the value of its unrealized bargain as an
element of damages caused by Universal's misrepresentations. Under Sit-Set's
theory, and in logic, had the "true" facts of Universal's authority or the
"true" terms of Hodges's offer been represented to Sit-Set, the inevitable
result would not have been an enforceable contract of sale, but an aborting of
the pre-contract negotiations by Sit-Set itself.  In short, Sit-Set's loss of an
anticipated profit on the unrealized sale was not caused by the
misrepresentations allegedly made by Universal.  Cf.  Hardy v. International
Paper Realty Corp., 716 F.2d at 1047 [**22]  (only those losses demonstrably
caused by misrepresentation compensable in damages).  Sit-Set was only entitled
to recover as damages any expenses incurred in reasonable reliance upon the
misrepresentations.

C

Finally, Sit-Set contends that the district court erred in relieving Janas and
Sala of joint and several liability with Universal on the $23,000 judgment
entered on the fraud verdict.  As indicated, the court did this by granting
judgment n.o.v. to these two officers of Universal on the basis that the
liability established by the verdict was on an implied contract obligation of
the corporation for which the two were not individually liable.

This was an erroneous basis for granting judgment n.o.v.  There is no support in
the record for any conclusion that this was the basis upon which liability was
established by the verdict.  Sit-Set never pleaded or asserted any such theory
of recovery against Universal; there is no suggestion that it should be treated
as nevertheless litigated by consent, see Fed. R. Civ. P. 15(b); and Sit-Set
expressly requested submission only of a fraud theory of recovery.  That theory
was submitted, however incompletely, by the court, and the [**23]  resulting
damages award was in an amount supported by the evidence as reflecting reliance
expenses properly recoverable on a fraud claim. We therefore hold, contrary to
the district court's apparent view, that the jury verdict reflected a
determination of liability for fraudulent misrepresentations by Universal and
its officers.

Though the district court correctly held that corporate officers would not be
liable for a corporate contractual obligation, this was not such an obligation.
Corporate officers may of course be liable jointly and severally with their
corporation for obligations arising out of tortious conduct of the officers that
subject the corporation to liability.  See generally Restatement (Second) of
Agency § 343 (1957).

We therefore hold that on the evidence adduced on the fraud claim, Janas, as the
corporate officer directly engaged in the transaction with Sit-Set upon which
liability was found, was liable jointly and severally on the judgment entered
against Universal.  The court therefore erred in granting judgment n.o.v. in
favor of Janas.

As to Sala, however, we think that judgment n.o.v. was properly entered, though
on another ground. The evidence of [**24]  Sala's direct participation in the
negotiations upon which liability for fraud was found did not warrant a finding
of individual liability.  Construing the evidence in the light most favorable to
Sit-Set, Sala's participation was too marginal and too subject to the directions
and advice of others to support a finding against him individually of
intentional misrepresentation with intent to defraud.

IV

There remains the problem of the appropriate disposition of this appeal in view
of the complexities introduced by our decisions respecting the judgments on
Sit-Set's mutually exclusive alternative claims.  We have concluded that the
most appropriate disposition is to remand the breach of contract claim against
Hodges for a new trial, with ultimate disposition of the case  [*930]  as a
whole to abide the outcome of that re-trial.

As Sit-Set has understood all along, it cannot as a matter of substantive law
recover on both claims, though it might at the outset have lost on both.  Now,
however, it has been found irreversibly entitled to recover on the claim which
obviously is the less preferred alternative, given the amount of the recovery
awarded in a judgment that has also now [**25]  been affirmed on appeal.  At the
same time, Sit-Set has been found on this appeal to be entitled to a new trial
in respect of the other claim which carries the possibility of a more favorable
recovery than that now held.

Judicial economy as well as principles of repose dictate salvaging so much of
what has been done without error as may be, rather than simply directing a
retrial of the whole.  But accommodation must be made in that process both for
the contingencies of more or less favorable results for Sit-Set upon re-trial of
the contract claim, and for the substantive prohibition against giving
duplicative or inconsistent relief.

To accomplish these purposes and accommodate that principle, we therefore modify
the judgment in favor of Sit-Set against Universal by adding Patrick Janas as a
defendant jointly and severally liable, and as so modified, we vacate that
judgment pending the outcome of a new trial of the claim by Sit-Set against
Hodges; we reverse the judgment in favor of Hodges on the breach of contract
claim by Sit-Set, and remand that claim for a new trial in accordance with this
opinion; we direct that upon conclusion of the new trial, including rulings upon
any timely [**26]  post-verdict motions, Sit-Set shall make a formal election in
writing between entry of judgment on any verdict in its favor received in the
new trial or re-entry of the judgment against Universal and Janas as modified
and affirmed on this appeal; and we direct that the district court shall
thereupon enter judgment in accordance with Sit-Set's election, dismissing with
prejudice the claim not elected for entry of judgment in its favor by Sit-Set.

SO ORDERED.


                              217 of 221 DOCUMENTS

            EPHRAIM UGWUONYE, Plaintiff, v. OLUWOLE ROTIMI, et al.,
                                  Defendants.

                              Civil No. PJM 09-658

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF MARYLAND

                          2012 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 166959


                           November 20, 2012, Decided
                            November 26, 2012, Filed

PRIOR HISTORY: Ugwuonye v. Rotimi, 2010 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 77436 (D. Md., July 30,
2010)

CASE SUMMARY:


OVERVIEW: Plaintiff attorney, a public figure, alleged that defendant
publisher's statements concerning embassy transactions and dealings between the
U.S. and Nigerian Governments were defamatory. Defendant was entitled to summary
judgment because no trier of fact could reasonably conclude by clear and
convincing evidence that the challenged statements were made with actual malice.
Plaintiff did not dispute defendant's statement that plaintiff withheld the
Nigerian Embassy's tax refund, and defendant's statements regarding plaintiff's
professional misconduct proceedings were substantially accurate.

OUTCOME: The court granted defendant's motion for summary judgment.

CORE TERMS: embassy, actual malice, defamatory, summary judgment, tax refund,
falsely, public figure, lawsuit, refund, com, sister, defamation, publisher,
reporting, malice, withheld, reckless disregard, corporate charters, real estate
transactions, saharareporters, substantially true, clear and convincing
evidence, resident, falsity, admit, forfeited, deadbeat, seizure, revived,
challenged statements


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Standards > General Overview
[HN1] The court shall grant summary judgment if the movant shows that there is
no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to
judgment as a matter of law. Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a). The court must view the
evidence in the light most favorable to the nonmovant, and draw all reasonable
inferences in his favor without weighing the evidence or assessing the
witnesses' credibility. The court, however, must also abide by the affirmative
obligation of the trial judge to prevent factually unsupported claims and
defenses from proceeding to trial.

Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Burdens of Production & Proof > Absence of
Essential Element of Claim
Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Standards > General Overview
[HN2] Summary judgment is warranted when a party fails to make a showing
sufficient to establish the elements essential to the party's claim and on which
the party will bear the burden of proof at trial. If there is not sufficient
evidence for a reasonable jury to find for the nonmovant, summary judgment is
appropriate.

Civil Procedure > Discovery > Methods > Admissions > Responses
[HN3] Under the Federal Rules, a failure to timely respond to a request for
admission means that the matter is deemed admitted. Fed. R. Civ. P. 36(a)(3).

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Elements > General Overview
Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Public Figures > Actual Malice
Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Public Figures > Clear & Convincing
Evidence
[HN4] In a defamation case, recovery depends on whether the plaintiff is a
public or private figure. For a private figure to recover, he or she must
demonstrate that: (1) the defendant made a defamatory communication, i.e.,
communicated a statement tending to expose the plaintiff to public scorn,
hatred, contempt, or ridicule to a third person who reasonably recognized the
statement as being defamatory; (2) the statement was false; (3) the defendant
was at fault in communicating the statement; and (4) the plaintiff suffered
harm. A public figure has a higher bar. In order to succeed on a defamation
claim, he or she must demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the
statements were (1) defamatory, (2) false, and (3) made with actual malice.
Actual malice is established only if the plaintiff can show that the defendant
published the statements with actual knowledge of their falsity or with reckless
disregard for their truth.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Public Figures > Actual Malice
[HN5] The actual malice standard is intended to give wide berth to reports on
public figures and matters of public interest. In the context of a defamation
claim, even erroneous statements are protected when honestly made, a policy
which fosters frank debate and dialogue.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Defenses > Fair Comment & Opinion
Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Defenses > Privileges > Qualified
Privileges
[HN6] In a defamation action, when the challenged statements are reports on
legal proceedings, Maryland recognizes a qualified privilege for fair and
substantially accurate reports. In the modern view, this protects the statements
regardless of the state of mind of the publisher.

Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Burdens of Production & Proof > Nonmovants
Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > General Overview
[HN7] A plaintiff cannot defeat summary judgment in a defamation case simply by
asserting that the publication was false. The purpose of Fed. R. Civ. P.  56 is
not to replace the conclusory statements in a complaint with those in an
affidavit.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > General Overview
Torts > Intentional Torts > Invasion of Privacy > False Light Privacy > General
Overview
[HN8] Allegations of invasion of privacy/false light claims are analyzed
according to the same legal standards as allegations of defamation.

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Preclusion & Effect of Judgments > Estoppel >
Collateral Estoppel
[HN9] Under Maryland law, collateral estoppel applies when: (1) the issue sought
to be precluded is identical to the one litigated; (2) the issue was actually
determined; (3) determination of the issue was a critical and necessary part of
the decision in the prior proceeding; (4) the proceeding was final and valid;
and (5) the party against whom estoppel is asserted had a full and fair
opportunity to litigate the issue.

Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Public Figures > Actual Malice
Torts > Intentional Torts > Defamation > Public Figures > Clear & Convincing
Evidence
[HN10] A public figure must demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that a
publisher made the challenged statements with actual malice--that is, with
actual knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their truth.
Demonstrating actual malice poses a heavy burden. Courts have held that it
cannot be established merely by showing that the publication was erroneous,
derogatory or untrue; the publisher acted out of ill will, hatred or a desire to
injure the official; the publisher acted negligently; the publisher acted in
reliance on the unverified statement of a third party without personal knowledge
of the subject matter of the defamatory statement; or the publisher acted
without undertaking the investigation that would have been made by a reasonably
prudent person.

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Ephraim Emeka Ugwuonye, Plaintiff: Ephraim Chukwuemeka
Ugwuonye, LEAD ATTORNEY, ECULAW Corp, Silver Spring, MD.

For Omoyele Sowore, doing business as Saharareporters.com, Defendant: Bruce D
Brown, LEAD ATTORNEY, Baker and Hostetler, Washington, DC; Laurie Ann Babinski,
Baker and Hostetler LLP, Washington, DC.

For Federal Republic of Nigeria, Movant: Ephraim Chukwuemeka Ugwuonye, ECULAW
Corp, Silver Spring, MD.

JUDGES: PETER J. MESSITTE, UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE.

OPINION BY: PETER J. MESSITTE

OPINION


MEMORANDUM OPINION

Pro se Plaintiff Ephraim Ugwuonye, an attorney admitted to the bar of this
Court, originally filed this defamation and invasion of privacy suit against
multiple Defendants based on an article that appeared on a website with the
domain name "Saharareporters.com." That website purports to provide
"commentaries, features, [and] news reports from a Nigerian-African
perspective."1 For various reasons, all but one Defendant have been dismissed
from the case.2 The sole remaining Defendant, Omoyele Sowore, is the founder of
Saharareporters.com. In his Second Amended Complaint, Ugwuonye asserts claims
against Sowore based on four Saharareporters.com articles published between 2009
and 2010. Sowore has  [*2] filed a Motion for Summary Judgment. For the reasons
that follow, the Court will GRANT Sowore's Motion.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Available at http://saharareporters.com/page/about-sahara-reporters. For
further background, see the Court's July 30, 2010 Opinion (Dkt. 60), denying
Defendant Sowore's Motion to Dismiss.

2 Oluwole Rotimi was dismissed for lack of service of process. Ugwuonye
voluntarily dismissed his claims against Domain by Proxy, Inc. and Mobolaji
Aluko.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


I.

 [HN1] "The court shall grant summary judgment if the movant shows that there is
no genuine dispute as to any material fact and the movant is entitled to
judgment as a matter of law." Fed. R. Civ. P. 56(a). The court must "view the
evidence in the light most favorable to ... the nonmovant, and draw all
reasonable inferences in his favor without weighing the evidence or assessing
the witnesses' credibility." Dennis v. Columbia Colleton Med. Ctr., Inc., 290
F.3d 639, 644-45 (4th Cir. 2002). The court, however, must also abide by the
"'affirmative obligation of the trial judge to prevent factually unsupported
claims and defenses from proceeding to trial.'" Bouchat v. Baltimore Ravens
Football Club, Inc., 346 F.3d 514, 526 (4th Cir. 2003) (quoting Drewitt v.
Pratt, 999 F.2d 774, 778-79 (4th Cir. 1993)).  [*3]  [HN2] Summary judgment is
warranted when a party fails to make a showing sufficient to establish the
elements essential to the party's claim and on which the party will bear the
burden of proof at trial.3 Celotex Corp. v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 317, 322, 106 S.
Ct. 2548, 91 L. Ed. 2d 265 (1986). If there is not sufficient evidence for a
reasonable jury to find for the nonmovant, summary judgment is appropriate.
Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc., 477 U.S. 242, 248, 106 S. Ct. 2505, 91 L. Ed.
2d 202 (1986).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Ugwuonye failed to respond in timely fashion to Sowore's Requests for
Admission. Those requests asked Ugwuonye to admit, among other things, that each
statement he alleged to be defamatory was in fact substantially true and made
without malice.  [HN3] Under the Federal Rules, a failure to timely respond to a
request for admission means that the matter is deemed admitted. Fed. Rule Civ.
Proc. 36(a)(3). Ugwuonye, a lawyer, is certainly expected to be familiar with
the Federal Rules. His nonresponse effectively admits that the challenged
statements are substantially true and were made without malice.

Ugwuonye argues in his opposition that he was unable to respond to the requests
for admission because he was overseas in Nigeria and unaware of the discovery
requests. But this  [*4] is Ugwuonye's suit and he has an obligation to keep up
with developments in connection with it. See Robinson v. Wix Filtration Corp.
LLC, 599 F.3d 403, 406-07 (4th Cir. 2010) (affirming grant of summary judgment
despite opponent's objection that he never received email notice and therefore
could not oppose motion, because it was obligation of attorney to keep up with
docket despite computer issues). Moreover, Ugwuonye admits that during the very
same period he alleges he was unaware of Sowore's requests, he was able to
propound his own discovery requests. This calls into serious question his
alleged inability to respond.

Ugwuonye's failure to timely respond to Sowore's Requests for Admission provides
a sufficient basis for the grant of Sowore's motion and the Court hereby adopts
that as an independent ground for granting Sowore's motion. Alternatively and
cumulatively, the Court will also proceed to analyze the case on the merits.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN4] In a defamation case, recovery depends on whether plaintiff is a public
or private figure. For a private figure to recover, he or she must demonstrate
that: (1) the defendant made a defamatory communication, i.e., communicated a
statement tending to expose  [*5] the plaintiff to public scorn, hatred,
contempt, or ridicule to a third person who reasonably recognized the statement
as being defamatory; (2) the statement was false; (3) the defendant was at fault
in communicating the statement; and (4) the plaintiff suffered harm. See
Piscatelli v. Van Smith, 424 Md. 294, 35 A.3d 1140, 1147 (Md. 2012).

A public figure has a higher bar. In order to succeed on a defamation claim, he
or she must demonstrate by clear and convincing evidence that the statements
were (1) defamatory, (2) false, and (3) made with "actual malice." See, e.g.,
Chesapeake Pub. Corp. v. Williams, 339 Md. 285, 661 A.2d 1169, 1174 (Md. 1995).
Actual malice is established only if the plaintiff can show that the defendant
published the statements with actual knowledge of their falsity or with reckless
disregard for their truth. See New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254,
279-80, 84 S. Ct. 710, 11 L. Ed. 2d 686 (1964), Shapiro v. Massengill, 105 Md.
App. 743, 661 A.2d 202, 217 (Md. 1995).

[HN5] The actual malice standard is intended to give wide berth to reports on
public figures and matters of public interest. See New York Times Co., 376 U.S.
at 278-79; Capital-Gazette Newspapers, 445 A.2d at 1043. In this context, even
erroneous statements are protected  [*6] when honestly made are protected, a
policy which fosters frank debate and dialogue.

Further,  [HN6] when the challenged statements are reports on legal proceedings,
as some are here, Maryland recognizes a qualified privilege for fair and
substantially accurate reports. In the modern view, this protects the statements
regardless of the state of mind of the publisher. See Chesapeake Pub., 661 A.2d
at 1174-75, Nanji v. Nat'l Geographic Soc., 403 F. Supp. 2d 425, 433-34 (D. Md.
2005).

[HN7] A plaintiff cannot defeat summary judgment in a defamation case simply by
asserting that the publication was false. See Pratt v. Delta Air Lines, 675 F.
Supp. 991, 996 (D. Md. 1987). The purpose of Rule 56 is not to replace the
conclusory statements in a complaint with those in an affidavit. See Lujan v.
National Wildlife Fed., 497 U.S. 871, 888, 110 S. Ct. 3177, 111 L. Ed. 2d 695
(1990).

[HN8] Allegations of invasion of privacy/false light claims are analyzed
according to the same legal standards as allegations of defamation. See
Piscatelli, 35 A.3d at 1146-47. Separate analysis of those claims is therefore
unnecessary.

II.

Ugwuonye is a public figure. The Circuit Court for Montgomery County explicitly
found him to be such in a related proceeding involving  [*7] many of the same
statements sued upon here.4 Ugwuonye is, thus, collaterally estopped from
arguing otherwise here. See Guccione v. Hustler Magazine, Inc., 632 F. Supp.
313, 317 (S.D.N.Y. 1986), rev'd on other grounds, 800 F.2d 298 (2d Cir. 1986)
(plaintiff found to be public figure in earlier libel suit was collaterally
estopped from claiming otherwise in case at hand).5 Indeed, Ugwuonye himself
acknowledges that he has achieved fame and notoriety in the community, claiming,
among other things, that he has been "listed among the top experts on corporate
law, finance and government" at the Harvard Institute for International
Development (see Second Amended Complaint (Dkt. 70) ¶ 15), and that he has
maintained power and influence on the basis of his education and high-profile
positions, including serving as counsel to the World Bank and to the Government
of Nigeria in several high profile cases. He avers that he is an attorney who
has competed "at the highest echelon of the legal profession worldwide" (id. ¶
17). His testimony about speaking to hundreds or thousands of people about this
case demonstrates that he has ample access to channels of communication. These
facts all point unequivocally  [*8] to Ugwuonye's fame, notoriety, and stature
within the community. See Curtis Publishing Co. v. Butts, 388 U.S. 130, 155, 87
S. Ct. 1975, 18 L. Ed. 2d 1094 (1967). The allegedly defamatory statements in
this case (including regarding high-level embassy transactions and dealings
between the U.S. and Nigerian Governments), as noted by the Circuit Court for
Montgomery County, are quintessentially of public concern. See Ugwuonye v.
Aluko, et al., No. 314155V, July 23, 2010 Hearing Transcript, pp. 64-65.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 See Ugwuonye v. Aluko, et al., No. 314155V. Mobolaji Aluko, originally a
defendant in the present action, was voluntarily dismissed in July 2009, but
Ugwuonye then filed the state court action against him.

5  [HN9] Under Maryland law, collateral estoppel applies when, as here: (1) the
issue sought to be precluded is identical to the one litigated; (2) the issue
was actually determined; (3) determination of the issue was a critical and
necessary part of the decision in the prior proceeding; (4) the proceeding was
final and valid; and (5) the party against whom estoppel is asserted had a full
and fair opportunity to litigate the issue. See Campbell v. Lake Hallowell
Homeowners Ass'n, 157 Md. App. 504, 852 A.2d 1029, 1037-38 (Md. 2004).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN10] As a public figure,  [*9] then, Ugwuonye must demonstrate by clear and
convincing evidence that Sowore made the challenged statements with actual
malice--that is, with actual knowledge of their falsity or with reckless
disregard for their truth. See Masson v The New Yorker Magazine, 501 U.S. 496,
510, 111 S. Ct. 2419, 115 L. Ed. 2d 447 (1991) (quoting New York Times, 376 U.S.
at 279-80). Demonstrating actual malice poses a heavy burden. Courts have held
that it


     "cannot be established merely by showing that: the publication was
     erroneous, derogatory or untrue; the publisher acted out of ill will,
     hatred or a desire to injure the official; the publisher acted
     negligently; the publisher acted in reliance on the unverified
     statement of a third party without personal knowledge of the subject
     matter of the defamatory statement; or the publisher acted without
     undertaking the investigation that would have been made by a
     reasonably prudent person."


Capital-Gazette Newspapers, Inc. v. Stack, 293 Md. 528, 445 A.2d 1038, 1044
(1982) (citations omitted). Applying this standard to the facts of the case,
viewed in the light most favorable to Ugwuonye, the Court finds that no trier of
fact could reasonably conclude by clear and convincing evidence that any of the
statements  [*10] in issue in this case were made with actual malice.

The Court considers each of the statements.6

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 The Court confines its consideration to statements pled in the Second Amended
Complaint. In his opposition to Sowore's Motion for Summary Judgment, Ugwuonye
appears to allege that additional statements are defamatory. While the Court
declines to analyze these new statements, a brief review of same suggests that
none appear to be defamatory. In any event, Ugwuonye has in no way suggested why
these late-remembered statements were not set forth in the Second Amended
Complaint.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


III.

The first three statements appeared in a March 5, 2009 Saharareporters.com
article. The article, headlined "Property scandal rocks Nigerian Embassy in
Washington DC; former Ambassador Obiozor fingered," reports on a variety of real
estate transactions in the Washington, DC area involving the Nigerian Embassy,
and questions the reported values of a number of real estate sales. The article
notes that Ugwuonye provided legal assistance to the Embassy in connection with
these transactions. The article further states that Ugwuonye withheld the
Embassy's $1.5 million IRS tax refund due from the sales, allegedly because the
[*11] Nigerian government owed him legal fees for representing Nigerian
officials in unrelated litigation. The article also reports that Ugwuonye has
previously faced attorney disciplinary proceedings.

It is undisputed that, when writing the article, Sowore investigated public
records, researched cases involving Ugwuonye, and spoke to Ugwuonye by telephone
at least once. Sowore affirms that he and Ugwuonye discussed the Embassy
transactions and that he asked Ugwuonye why he had withheld the refund, to which
Ugwuonye responded that he withheld it as a fee to compensate him for previous
litigation work for the Embassy and that he and the Nigerian Government were in
the midst of negotiating with respect to the fee. Ugwuonye acknowledges that he
discussed the Embassy transactions with Sowore, but claims he did not get to
explain his side of the story; he says he simply told Sowore there was no fraud.
However, even if Ugwuonye disputes that he told Sowore he was withholding the
tax refund as payment for previous legal work, it is undisputed that this is
what Ugwuonye actually did. He withheld the refund. Ugwuonye says as much in the
papers he has submitted to the Court, suggesting that the Nigerian  [*12]
Government initially agreed that he could settle its outstanding legal bills by
holding a tax refund due to the Embassy; that he thought he could disburse the
refund after being paid by other sources (and therefore, as he testified in his
deposition, that he promised the Embassy he would disburse the refund); that he
later realized he could not disburse the refund; and that he then took steps to
apply the refund to the unpaid legal bills. Ugwuonye further admits that a
dispute then arose with the Embassy regarding the application of the tax refund
to his fees, and states that this dispute was part of a larger intra-Embassy
quarrel that was resolved when the new Nigerian Ambassador (Oluwole Rotimi) was
fired by his supervising Minister. Per Ugwuonye, it was in connection with that
very dispute that a DC Bar Complaint was filed against him, one--to be
sure--which was ultimately dismissed.

Against this background, the specific statements Ugwuonye alleges to be
defamatory are these:


     (1) "[Plaintiff] said he apprised [then Ambassador] Obiozor over his
     seizure of the embassy's tax refund, fueling speculation that Obiozor
     tacitly approved the seizure for pecuniary reasons as he did not try
     to  [*13] retrieve the money from [Plaintiff] before he left the U.S."



Given the facts just reviewed, this statement can hardly be considered
defamatory. Quite simply, it involves facts that Ugwuonye does not dispute--that
he withheld over a million dollars of the Nigerian Embassy's tax refund with the
Nigerian Embassy's knowledge. The statement could not have been made with actual
malice.


     (2) "But [Plaintiff's] seizure of the embassy funds points to a track
     record of some professional troubles relating to his competence and
     manner of handling client monies."



This statement involves the same undisputed facts, namely Ugwuonye's withholding
of the Embassy's tax refund. In addition, it contains privileged reporting
regarding Ugwuonye's past professional misconduct proceedings. Unquestionably a
disciplinary matter came before the Maryland Court of Appeals, which considered
potential misconduct involving two of Ugwuonye's matters, and which found that
Ugwuonye had in fact violated various provisions of the code of professional
conduct, including provisions regarding competence, fees and safekeeping of
property. Sowore's reporting as to Ugwuonye's professional troubles relating to
"competence and handling  [*14] client monies" was therefore substantially
accurate. Even if it were not, Ugwuonye has failed to proffer any evidence that
this statement--or any part of it--was made with actual malice.


     (3) "Details of the cases point to [Plaintiff's] professional
     shadiness."



The third statement amounts to a non-actionable opinion as well as privileged
reporting on Ugwuonye's past professional misconduct hearings. Again, most
importantly, Ugwuonye has failed to offer evidence that Sowore made this
statement with anything approaching actual malice.

IV.

Challenged statements 4 through 10 appeared in the Sahareporters.com article,
entitled "Ugwuonye loses lawsuit to summary judgment," which was published on
July 23, 2010. The article discusses the Nigerian Embassy real estate
transactions and Ugwuonye's seizure of the tax refund. It also speaks of
Ugwuonye's and the Nigerian Government's "habit" of using libel lawsuits to
suppress public debate. The article focuses on Ugwuonye's state court case
against Mobolaji Aluko, in which the state judge granted Aluko's motion for
summary judgment. The specific challenged statements made by Sowore are these:


     (4) "Falsely stated that Plaintiff made a habit of using libel  [*15]
     lawsuits to suppress public debate about the controversial sale of
     properties belonging to the Nigerian embassy in Washington DC and
     Maryland."



By the time this article was published, Ugwuonye had indeed brought multiple
lawsuits based on the March 2009 piece questioning the circumstances of the sale
of Nigerian Embassy properties. Sowore was well aware of these lawsuits, having
been the subject of one himself. Again, there is not the least evidence from
which to find that this statement was made with actual malice.


     (5) "Falsely stated or clearly insinuated or implied that Plaintiff
     withheld the funds of his clients to which he is not entitled or
     unlawfully."



Ugwuonye does not oppose Sowore's motion for summary judgment as to this
statement. But regardless--Ugwuonye has admitted to holding a tax refund owing
to the Nigerian Embassy, has admitted to telling the Embassy he would deliver
the refund, and has admitted to not delivering the refund. Consequently, the
statement could not have been made with actual malice.


     (6) "Falsely stated or implied that this court had sanctioned
     Plaintiff for filing a frivolous lawsuit."



Ugwuonye offers no opposition to summary judgment as to this statement.  [*16]
Even so, the Court finds that the statement is substantially true and could not
have been made with malice. In addition, it was a privileged report on a legal
proceeding. Ugwuonye initially included Aluko as a defendant in the present
case. The Court allowed Ugwuonye to voluntarily dismiss Aluko based on lack of
personal jurisdiction. However, the Court also ordered Ugwuonye to pay Aluko's
attorneys fees, given that Ugwuonye had filed the suit alleging diversity of
citizenship jurisdiction even though both Ugwuonye and Aluko were Maryland
residents. (See July 28, 2009 Memorandum, Dkt. 45.) A reasonable reading of the
Court's order clearly indicates that it was in the nature of a sanction because
Ugwuonye, a licensed attorney, had filed a lawsuit that he knew or should have
known this Court had no jurisdiction to hear. The fact that Sowore may have
characterized Ugwuonye's suit as "frivolous" was without a doubt fair comment.
But even if his report of the import of the Court's order was not entirely
accurate, it is clear that minor technical inaccuracies may occur in the course
of reporting on legal proceedings without giving rise to liability. See, e.g.,
Nanji, 403 F. Supp. 2d at 432-33.


     (7)  [*17] "Referring to a related case in the State court (Ugwuonye
     v. Aluko, et al., Circuit Court of Maryland for Montgomery County,
     Case No. 314155-V), Defendant falsely stated that the state court
     found that the allegation of fraud made against Plaintiff was true."



Ugwuonye does not attempt to pursue this allegation in his Opposition and for
good reason. The Court does not find this statement or anything resembling it in
the July 23 article.


     (8) "Referring to a real estate transaction, in which Plaintiff
     represented the Nigerian Government in Maryland, Defendant Sowore
     mischaracterized the power of attorney granted to Plaintiff by his
     client, and falsely alleged that the reason Plaintiff obtained such
     power of attorney was to enable him to control the funds belonging to
     the Nigerian government to Plaintiff's advantage, and that armed with
     the power of attorney, Plaintiff improperly took control of the funds
     of his client."



Ugwuonye has also proffered no opposition to Sowore's motion regarding this
allegation. The facts regarding the Embassy transaction, as discussed above, are
that Ugwuonye retained his client's funds and did not return them despite a
promise to do otherwise. No reasonable  [*18] jury could find that Sowore made
this statement with actual knowledge of its falsity or a reckless disregard for
the truth.


     (9) "Referring to this lawsuit, Defendant falsely stated and/or
     implied that the Government of Nigeria had given funds to the
     Plaintiff and had a pact with the Plaintiff aimed at filing this suit
     for the purpose of suppressing or repressing the freedoms of Nigerian
     citizens."



In his opposition, Ugwuonye argues that language such as this "betrays the
tension that has existed" between Sowore and Ugwuonye over the years. This
statement is of dubious relevance. Even if there truly was tension between the
two, it would not satisfy the requirement of actual malice. Actual malice cannot
be established by demonstrating that "the publisher acted of ill will, hatred,
or a desire to injure." See Capital-Gazette Newspapers, 445 A.2d at 1044. Actual
malice requires clear and convincing evidence that Sowore published his
statements with knowledge of their falsity or with reckless disregard for their
truth. On the evidence before the Court, Ugwuonye has made no such
demonstration. Sowore has reported on the activities of the Nigerian Government
for some time, and has been sued  [*19] more than once on the basis of such
reporting. Sowore contends that an individual who brought one of these suits
against him is now working in a high-level Nigerian Government position.
Ugwuonye does not dispute that he was counsel for high-level Nigerian Government
transactions, and has further stated that the disagreement over the tax refund
was tied to a larger Embassy dispute that was only resolved with the firing of
an Ambassador, suggesting that Ugwuonye may well have been supported in his
litigation by someone within the Nigerian Government. Sowore could fairly opine
that the Nigerian Government was and is behind this suit and others. No
reasonable trier of fact could find that he made this statement with actual
malice.


     (10) "Many who read the publication understood the memorandum as the
     judgment of the state court against Plaintiff."



Ugwuonye's Second Amended Complaint mischaracterizes the July 23 article, which
by no construction reads as if it is the judgment of the Circuit Court of
Maryland against Ugwuonye. In any case, Ugwuonye does not attempt to oppose
Sowore's motion for summary judgment regarding this point, so nothing more need
be said about it.

V.

Statements 11 through  [*20] 13 appeared in an August 2, 2010 Sahareporters.com
article. The article, which covered much the same ground as previous articles,
focuses on Ugwuonye's companies, calling them "forfeited," stating that they
were revived at the same time Ugwuonye was working for the Nigerian Embassy, and
reporting that a source at the Maryland State Comptroller referred to Ugwuonye
as a "deadbeat resident agent."

Sowore has testified that he wrote this article based on evidence produced in
the state court case and on further research that that evidence generated.
Sowore says he initially learned that Ugwuonye had two companies, ECU Law and
ECU Associates, P.C., which, according to public records Sowore investigated,
had their corporate charters forfeited more than once for failure to pay taxes.
Sowore also determined that the records showed that the dates of reinstatement
of the companies coincided with the times Ugwuonye was engaged by the Nigerian
Embassy to carry out the real estate transactions mentioned in the March 5, 2009
article. Sowore says he contacted the Maryland State Comptroller to seek
additional information regarding Ugwuonye's companies, and it was then he was
told by an individual there  [*21] that Ugwuonye was a "deadbeat resident
agent," obviously referring to the multiple forfeitures of his corporate
charters. In his opposition, Ugwuonye does not actually dispute any of these
facts; he merely argues that Sowore had control over the article and that it
defames him. The specific statements Ugwuonye deems defamatory are as follows:


     (11) "Falsely stated or implied that Plaintiff obtained a power of
     attorney from his client for the purpose of improperly withholding his
     client's funds."



Based on the same rationale discussed in respect to Statements 5 and 8, no
reasonable trier of fact could find that this statement was made with actual
malice.


     (12) "Falsely stated and implied that Plaintiff revived the charter of
     his company in a deceptive and improper manner for the purpose of
     Nigerian Government's real estate transaction."



Ugwuonye mischaracterizes the article. The article states that Ugwuonye revived
his companies in time to do work for the Nigerian Embassy (which Ugwuonye does
not dispute). The article does not contain any statement or even any implication
that Ugwuonye revived the charter of his companies in a deceptive or improper
manner. The actual statements, taken in context,  [*22] quite simply, do not
have a defamatory meaning and appear substantially true.


     (13) "Falsely stated and implied that an official at the office of the
     State Comptroller in Maryland made disparaging remarks against the
     person of Plaintiff and his business practices."



Sowore offers sworn testimony that statement 13 is an accurate report of his
exchange with a Maryland State Comptroller employee, who told him that Ugwuonye
was a "deadbeat resident agent" because his corporate charters had been
repeatedly forfeited based on failure to pay taxes. Ugwuonye does not dispute
that he failed to pay taxes for his companies or that his corporate charters had
been forfeited. While he may feel that his characterization as a "deadbeat" is
harsh, a dictionary definition of the term, namely, "a person who does not pay
debts or financial obligations" (see Black's Law Dictionary (9th ed. 2009)),
does not unfairly characterize Ugwuonye's situation with respect to the
corporate charters. This statement could not have been made with actual malice.

VI.

Statement 14, which refers to an August 3, 2010 Sahareporters.com article
bearing the byline of Ugwuonye's sister, Ifesinachi Ugwuonye,7 is as follows:


     (14) "[F]alsely  [*23] stating and implying that Plaintiff is a thief
     and an adulterer and a person that Plaintiff [sic] engages in acts
     that involve moral turpitude."




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 The Court, in order to avoid confusion and intending no disrespect, will refer
to Ifesinachi Ugwuonye by her first name.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Sowore has testified that the article was widely circulated in Nigerian online
forums before he published it. Ugwuonye asserts in his opposition that Sowore
received this article from Aluko and published it without doing any
investigation. Ugwuonye also asserts that Sowore initially attempted to get an
individual named Carlisle Umunnah to publish the article on his website, but
that Umunnah declined because it was a "false story" and specifically told
Sowore not to publish it.8

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

8 What Umunnah may have said to Sowore and when he said it is hardly relevant to
whether or not the publication was defamatory. Similarly, whether Aluko was the
source of the article has no relevance to that question.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The article in question was written by Ugwuonye's sister, who has testified she
believes the information in the article is true. Sowore, when he published the
report, also believed it was true, and had little cause to believe otherwise.
[*24] The statement, after all, came from Ugwuonye's sister.

Thus, even if Sowore knew that Ugwuonye and Ifesinachi were on bad terms, the
fact that the sister of a public figure was making such extreme allegations
against her brother--a public figure after all--would be newsworthy in and of
itself. See Campbell v. Seabury Press, 614 F.2d 395 (5th Cir. 1980) (private
life of public figure who was married to author's brother was legitimately
within public interest); Berg v. Minneapolis Star & Tribune Co., 79 F. Supp. 957
(D. Minn. 1948) (family members litigating against each other newsworthy). So
right or wrong, publication of the statement could not have been made with
reckless disregard of the fact that it was a sister making the allegations.
Beyond that, from a policy standpoint it would seem distinctly inappropriate and
unfair to sustain a defamation claim against a third-party for publishing an
article written by the complainant's own sister, particularly when the
complainant has not sued the sister. The possibility for collusion and extortion
by the family--any family-- against a third party would be unacceptable.

VII.

For the reasons discussed above, this Court GRANTS Sowore's Motion for  [*25]
Summary Judgment as to all counts. A separate Order will ISSUE.

/s/

PETER J. MESSITTE

UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE

November 20, 2012


                              218 of 221 DOCUMENTS

             GENERAL ESTABLISHMENT FOR CEREAL PROCESSING AND TRADE,
             Plaintiff, against GEMINI SHIPPING INC., Defendant and
          Third-Party Plaintiff, JAMES A. COMYNS and COMYNS BROTHERS,
                         INC., Third-Party Defendants.

                             No. 77 Civ. 6186 (CHT)

           UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
                                    NEW YORK

                           1982 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 9724


                               September 14, 1982

CASE SUMMARY:


PROCEDURAL POSTURE: Plaintiff buyer sued defendant broker to recover losses in
connection with the purchase of 10,000 bales of sugar twill jute bags from
third-party defendant sellers.

OVERVIEW: A handling agent issued predated bills of lading, which allowed the
sellers and their associates to secure funds under a letter of credit
established in their favor by the buyer. The sellers then attempted to convert
and sell the bales to another. The bales were not delivered, and the buyer
finally obtained a sequestration order and secured possession of the bales. The
court entered a judgment in favor of the broker. The court found that the
buyer's agency arguments were ultimately not pivotal to the case because it
failed to establish that any acts for which the broker could arguably be
responsible were the proximate cause of the buyer's damages. Instead, the acts
that caused the buyer's injuries were solely the responsibility of the sellers
and others. While the buyer may have had a claim against others for unreasonably
deviating from the agreed upon voyage and for discharging their cargo, the
broker was not involved at that point. The link was too tenuous to hold the
broker liable for the sellers' attempted conversion of the property. The buyer
failed to establish that the broker's actions were the proximate cause of the
losses.

OUTCOME: The court entered a judgment in favor of the broker in the buyer's suit
to recover losses in connection with the purchase of bases of sugar twill jute
bags from the sellers.

CORE TERMS: bills of lading, cargo, port, vessel, ship's, telex, shipping,
bales, letter of credit, bags, broker, jute, charterer, loading, deviation,
predated, shipped, charter, charter party, handling, shipper's, shipment,
loaded, discharging, appointment, signature, shipowner, issuing, issuance,
arrived


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Business & Corporate Law > Agency Relationships > Establishment > Consent
Business & Corporate Law > Agency Relationships > Establishment > Elements >
Right to Control by Principal
[HN1] The only requirement for an agency is that two parties consent to have one
act on behalf of the other, with the agent agreeing to be subject to the
principal's control.

Admiralty Law > Shipping > Carrier Duties & Obligations > Deviations
Admiralty Law > Shipping > Regulations & Statutes > Carriage of Goods by Sea Act
> General Overview
[HN2] A deviation is a departure from the voyage contracted for, and may itself
be actionable.

Admiralty Law > Shipping > Bills of Lading > Stipulations
Admiralty Law > Shipping > Carrier Duties & Obligations > Deviations
Admiralty Law > Shipping > Regulations & Statutes > Carriage of Goods by Sea Act
> Burdens of Proof
[HN3] The general standard for judging deviations is whether the shipowner acted
unreasonably. Under the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act, 46 U.S.C.S. §§ 1300-1315,
a deviation for the purpose of loading or unloading cargo shall, prima facie, be
regarded as unreasonable. Section 1304(4). This provision places the burden of
proof on the shipowner to show that a deviation was reasonable, and with regard
to discharging cargo in the wrong port, the shipowner would have to show
something more than mere reasonableness from the point of view of the carrier;
that is, more than a motive to increase the carrier's own profits.

Torts > Negligence > Causation > General Overview
Torts > Negligence > Duty > General Overview
[HN4] Foreseeability of danger is necessary to render conduct negligent.

Torts > Negligence > Causation > Proximate Cause > General Overview
[HN5] Proximate cause generally requires that one's wrongful conduct play a
"substantial" or "essential" part in bringing about the damage sustained by
another. In order to be a legal cause of another's harm, it is not enough that
the harm would not have occurred had the actor not been negligent. The
negligence must also be a substantial factor in bringing about the plaintiff's
harm. The word "substantial" is used to denote the fact that the defendant's
conduct has such an effect in producing the harm as to lead reasonable men to
regard it as a cause, using that word in the popular sense, in which there
always lurks the idea of responsibility. Several considerations are important in
determining whether the actor's conduct is a substantial factor in bringing
about harm to another, the first of which is whether other factors contributed
to the harm. Some other event may have such a predominant effect in bringing it
about as to make the effect of the actor's negligence insignificant and,
therefore, to prevent it from being a substantial factor.

Torts > Negligence > Causation > Proximate Cause > General Overview
[HN6] The act of a third person in committing an intentional tort or crime is a
superseding cause of harm to another resulting therefrom, although the actor's
negligent conduct created a situation which afforded an opportunity to the third
person to commit such a tort or crime, unless the actor at the time of his
negligent conduct realized or should have realized the likelihood that such a
situation might be created, and that a third person might avail himself of the
opportunity to commit such a tort or crime.

Torts > Negligence > Duty > General Overview
[HN7] If an actor had no reason to expect a third party's commission of an
intentional tort or crime, the actor is not liable for it, although there may be
special grounds for anticipating criminal action by a third person. Such
"special grounds" include temptations to which a recognizable percentage of
humanity is likely to yield and temptations to which few would yield, but which
carry a risk of fairly definite types of crime because the temptations are
created at a place where persons of peculiarly vicious type are likely to be.

COUNSEL:  [*1]  WHITMAN & RANSOM, 522 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10036, Of
Counsel: MICHAEL S. PRESS, ESQ., JAMES S. MORRIS, ESQ., For Plaintiff

HEALY & BAILLIE, 29 Broadway, New York, New York, Of Counsel: GLEN T. OXTON,
ESQ.; RICHARD C. BURNS, ESQ., For Defendant and Third-Party Plaintiff

OPINION BY: TENNEY

OPINION

OPINION

TENNEY, J.

The plaintiff, General Establishment for Cereal Processing and Trade ("General
Establishment"), contends that the defendant Gemini Shipping Inc. ("Gemini"),
should be held responsible for the plaintiff's losses in connection with the
purchase of 10,000 bales of sugar twill jute bags from the third-party
defendants and others.  More particularly, the plaintiff argues that Gemini
should be held liable for the acts of a handling agent in Bangladesh,
Samudrajatra Shipping Lines, Ltd. ("Keychart").  Keychart issued predated bills
of lading which were presented to the Chase Manhattan Bank of New York, thereby
enabling the third-party defendants and their associates to secure funds under a
letter of credit established in their favor by the plaintiff.

Although the parties spent most of their time at trial and in their briefs
discussing questions of agency law, the Court [*2]  concludes that the exact
contours of Gemini's relationship to the third-party defendants and to Keychart
are not pivotal in this case because the plaintiff has failed to establish that
any acts for which Gemini might arguably be responsible were the proximate cause
of the plaintiff's damages claimed in this case.  Instead, the Court finds that
the acts which caused the plaintiff's injuries were solely the responsibility of
the third-party defendants and other persons who would have been third-party
defendants but for the plaintiff's inability to effect service of process on
them. 1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Plaintiff has obtained a state court judgment against the third-party
defendants based upon an arbitration award made pursuant to the sales contract,
New York State Supreme Court, Special Term, Part I, No. 871/79, filed April 24,
1979, but this judgment apparently remains unsatisfied.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Based upon the testimony and evidence presented at a bench trial held on
February 23rd through 26th, 1982, the Court makes the following findings of fact
and conclusions of law:

FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF LAW

1.  Plaintiff General Establishment is an official agency of the Syrian Arab
Republic engaged [*3]  in purchasing foodstuffs and agriculturally related
products for use and consumption in Syria.  Defendant Gemini is a ship operator,
ship chartering broker, and shipping consultant, with a principle place of
business in New York City.  Gemini's general manager, during the period relevant
to the case, was Bjorn Woldbeck.  Third-party defendant James A. Comyns
("Comyns") is a resident of New York State, and third-party defendant Comyns
Brothers, Inc. ("Comyns Brothers") is a New York corporation. 2

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 Other individuals and companies allied with Mr. Comyns and his business
interests will be discussed in the course of this opinion.  The third-party
defendants have failed to appear in this action and have thereby defaulted.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2.  Jurisdiction in this Court is properly founded upon the diversity of
citizenship of the parties under 28 U.S.C.  § 1332. 3 There is no question that
the amount in controversy exceeds $10,000.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 In its pretrial memorandum of law, the defendant argued that the plaintiff's
claim is barred by a one-year statute of limitations incorporated by reference
into the bills of lading involved in this case.  The Court, however, agrees with
the plaintiff's argument, made at the beginning of the trial and in a subsequent
memorandum of law, that a tort suit in which bills of lading figured as part of
a misrepresentation to the victim is not governed by the one-year limitations
period applicable to contract suits brought under the charter party or bills of
lading themselves.  See, e.g., Toho Bussan Kaisha, Ltd. v. American President
Lines, Ltd., 155 F.Supp. 886 (S.D.N.Y. 1957), aff'd, 265 F.2d 418 (2d Cir. 1959)
.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [*4]  3.  On or about April 22, 1976, General Establishment entered into a
contract with Comyns Brothers and Trans International Participants, Inc.
("TIP").  TIP, a corporation controlled by the same individuals as Comyns
Brothers, acted jointly with Comyns Brothers in agreeing to sell to General
Establishment and to deliver to the Port of Tartous, Syria, 10,000 bales of
sugar twill jute bags. A copy of the contract is Defendant's Exhibit ("Def.
Exh.") BJ.

4.  As a means of payment for the goods, General Establishment established a
letter of credit in favor of Comyns Brothers and TIP at the Commercial Bank of
Syria to be advised through Chase Manhattan Bank of New York ("Chase").  A copy
of the letter of credit is Plaintiff's Exhibit ("Pl. Exh.") 115. 4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 The complaint in this case originally dealt with a second contract, Def. Exh.
BK, for the sale of 6250 canvas tarpaulins.  A separate letter of credit was
established in connection with this contract.  The claim arising out of the sale
of tarpaulins, however, was withdrawn.  Tr. at 3.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5.  In the spring of 1976, Mr. Comyns and Kevin McLaughlin, a business
associate, approached Mr. Woldbeck to inquire about transportation [*5]  of the
jute bags from Bangladesh to Syria.  (Comyns had been referred to Gemini by Mr.
Guenther Neuhaus of Kuehne & Nagel, which Mr. Woldbeck believes to be a sister
company of Gemini.  Transcript ("Tr.") at 16-17.) Comyns and McLaughlin found
Woldbeck's freight rate too high, and they departed, returning in May 1976 for
further discussions, at which time Woldbeck suggested that they charter their
own ship with Gemini as broker. Tr. at 19.

In June 1976, Comyns returned to Gemini accompanied by Robert Kelly, Raymond
Glynn and Thomas Garrity.  (Mr. Garrity was the principal in Emerald Industries,
Inc. ("Emerald"), which had offices in Dacca, Pakistan and in Los Angeles.
Emerald, it turns out, was no gem, but more of this below.  At this third
meeting, Comyns asked Gemini to act as ship chartering broker for the shipment
of jute bags and, because of Comyns Brothers' lack of telex facilities and lack
of experience in shipping, Gemini also agreed to provide communication services
for Comyns Brothers and TIP, for which Gemini would be reimbursed according to
its out-of-pocket expenses, but as to which Gemini did not expect to earn a
profit.  Tr. at 20-21.

6.  Generally Gemini acted [*6]  as the disponet owner of ships. That is, Gemini
would rent vessels, fully crewed and operable, from the owners under a time
charter, and it would then act as a contract carrier undertaking the
transportation of goods.  "For all intents and purposes, toward the cargo
[owners], [Gemini] would be the owner." Tr. at 14.

Under its arrangement with Comyns Brothers and TIP, however, Gemini served as a
broker, which located and negotiated the use of available tonnage, receiving a
commission based upon the time charter hire payments.  As a practical matter,
Gemini received its commission by collecting the hire payments from the
charters, deducting the total brokers' fees, passing along part of the
commission to Barks Williams (the owner's broker), and forwarding the remainder
to the shipowners. (Alternatively, brokers may be paid by the owners after the
owners receive the total hire payments from the charters.)

7.  Besides brokerage the ship, Gemini also agreed to undertake certain
unspecified duties on Comyns Brothers' behalf, although Mr. Woldbeck testified
that "[t]he word "agent," I don't know really what is an agent to tell the
truth." Tr. at 62.  There was no written agreement [*7]  as to Gemini's duties,
and Mr. Woldbeck stressed that "[w]e had no general agency agreement with them.
We were not general agents for them," id. But Gemini did perform various
services for Comyns Brothers, including arranging bunkers, checking off-hires,
recommending port agents for Tartous, and acting as a general clearinghouse for
authorized communications to and from the charterers. Tr. at 62-67.

8.  The main purpose behind Gemini's assistance, according to Mr. Woldbeck, was
to "keep costs to a minimum because it's easy to waste money in shipping if
you're not trained," id. at 63. which Comyns was not.  Gemini was eager to
facilitate Comyns' voyage since "it was [Gemini's] proposal that he charter his
own ship because he would save money that way[.]" Id.; see Def. Exh. V
(Wolbeck's estimate of costs on various ships).  In addition, by using Gemini as
representatives, the shipowners, the bunkering suppliers, and the port agents
could be given "the false impression that we are dealing with really first class
[charters] and/or Gemini." Pl. Exh. 81; Tr. at 66 (regarding National Shipping
Company, the state-owned bunkering suppliers in Aden).  That way, "not too many
irrelevant,  [*8]  we thought, questions would be raised," Tr. at 36, such as "a
thorough credit check . . . , which in our opinion would have been a waste of
time," Tr. at 38.  In Mr. Woldbeck's words, "[i]t is not a very nice way of
doing it to an owner, but sometimes it's convenient." Tr. at 37.

9.  Motivating Gemini's actions was, of course, its commission.  Under the
charter party dated August 9, 1976 for the M.V. Seamaster II (the ship
originally chartered), Gemini was to receive 3-3/4% commission on the charter
hire payments, for division with others.  Pl. Exh. 3.  In this case, the only
other broker entitled to commissions was Barks Williams which represented the
owner and which was entitled to 1-1/4%.  Tr. at 28-30.  Under the charter party
dated September 1, 1976 for the M.V. Erini Patera (the ship ultimately used),
the commission was 5%, with 1-1/4% to Barks Williams.  Mr. Woldbeck testified
that for a charter broker's fee, "[t]he customary amount is 1.25 percent.
However, the brokers closest to the charterer in many cases charges [sic] 2.5
percent." Tr. at 101.  The charter parties referred to the total commission,
modified with the phrase "for division with others," because "it [*9]  is many
times common that when you charge more than 1.25 percent, you hid the fact from
the owner by lumping the commission with others." Id. In this way, the broker
could avoid having the owner attempt to negotiate a lower commission.  Id. at
102.

Whereas Gemini had planned to assist Comyns Brothers in various ways -- in
securing a vessel and in giving advice about operating the ship and discharging
cargo in Syria -- affairs in Bangladesh were left to Mr. Garrity of Emerald, who
was located in the Indian peninsula.  According to Gemini's Woldbeck, "he
[Garrity] would take care of everything in Bangladesh, agents and everything,"
Tr. at 46, 48.  Mr. Woldbeck, however, was not certain of the exact relationship
between Comyns Brothers and Emerald:

To the best of my knowledge, Emerald was buying goods in Bangladesh; Comyns was
selling [in] Syria, and the two had come together through Mr. Comyns and Mr.
Garrity and the way I understood it, they had a joint venture for this -- to
make money on the difference between the purchase price and the sales price less
the transportation cost.

So they had a joint venture there somehow.

Also later on it was said that they had a joint [*10]  venture on the
transportation cost whereby I believe Emerald would get 70 percent of the
profit, Comyns 30 percent of the profit on the transportation of additional
cargo. But how, what their profit arrangement was on the sale of this specific
cargo, I don't know.

Tr. at 78.

10.  As events unfolded, it appears that Mr. Garrity was indeed highly familiar
with how things work in Bangladesh -- perhaps too familiar.  First, he arranged
for the appointment Keychart as handling agents for the loading of cargo in
Chittagong and Chalna, Pl. Exh. 2, and in conveying this news to Gemini, Garrity
provided Gemini with the wording it should use in a confirming telex to
Keychart, as well as the text for a follow-up letter.  Gemini sent the telex on
August 10, 1976 and the letter on August 19, 1976, Pl. Exhs. 1 and 5.  On the
basis of Garrity's instructions, Gemini issued these communications without
making any independent investigation of Keychart.  Tr. at 77. 5 Moreover, Mr.
Woldbeck testified that Keychart knew "[a]t least Mr. Garrity.  Whether they
knew Mr. Comyns, of course, I don't know." id. at 82, although he assumed that
Mr. Garrity would have informed Keychart about the whole [*11]  arrangement.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 Mr. Garrity's wording of those messages was apparently not random.  Several
months later, Mr. Garrity referred to the form of the telex and letter to
Keychart and stated to Gemini: "For the sake of legality and clearing up this
point I would like to impress on you the fact that it was "Gemini" who made the
appointment and not Comyns via your original letter of August 19, 1976[.]" Pl.
Exh. 21 (telex dated October 21, 1976).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

11.  From the record of communications in this case, it is apparent that Mr.
Garrity was very much in charge of operational details.  For example, in the
second part of his telex of approximately August 9, 1976, Mr. Garrity included a
message for Raymond Glynn or James Comyns about the size of the cargo and the
transportation costs.  Pl. Exh. 2.  In a similar vein, Mr. Garrity sent a telex
dated August 12, 1976 to Gemini stating: "Please advise vessel that we prefer it
to enter the Port of Chalna first instead of Chittagong.  The Chalna draft and
entry is more difficult and our heaviest cargo is in Chalna.  This is very
important.  Advise concurrence so we can notify Port trust authorities." Pl.
Exh. 112other documents also reflect Mr. Garrity's [*12]  familiarity with the
pertinent procedures in Bangladesh, including the handling of letters of credit
and bills of lading. E.g., Pl. Exhs. 17, 21; Def. Exhs. O, Q.

12.  As the spring and summer of 1976 progressed, Comyns Brothers and Emerald
were under increasing time pressure.  According to the terms of the letters of
credit in their favor, their shipments had to be made as follows: "2,500 [bales]
on or before July 15th, 2,500 on or before July 31st.  The balance [5,000 bales]
on or before August 31st." Testimony of William Fox, Jr., Senior Letter of
Credit Technical Consultant for Chase Manhattan Bank of New York, Tr. at 290;
Pl. Exh. 115.  As of the beginning of August, the sellers still had not fixed a
vessel. Several brokers, in addition to Gemini, were looking for available
tonnage, but no firm arrangements were made.  Tr. at 215-18.  Apparently, Comyns
Brothers and TIP were close to fixing a couple of ships, the Irene Banner and
the Caliope, but neither of those vessels worked out.  Id.

13.  At the end of the first week of August, Gemini began investigating the
position of the Seamaster II.  In a telex to Barks Williams, the London-based
brokers representing the owners [*13]  of the Seamaster II, Gemini stated: "It
just dawned on use that "Seamaster II" is supposedly . . . at Bandar Abbas today
8/6.  We [therefore] authorize you to offer to Irish Marines [Lines] time
charter [for the account of] Comyns Brothers." Pl. Exh. 81 (dated August 6,
1976).  The Seamaster II was available, and events in the next few days moved
very quickly.  The charter party for the Seamaster II was prepared and dated
August 9, 1976.  Pl. Exh. 3.  (It is not signed, but according to Mr. Woldbeck,
"[i]n the trade, the lack of signature does not render a document illegal." Tr.
at 30.) Mr. Garrity informed Gemini to confirm the appointment of Keychart as
handling agents, Pl. Exh. 2 (dated August 9, 1976), which Gemini accomplished
the next day, Pl. Exh. 5, after being prodded by another telex from Mr. Garrity
dated August 10th, Def. Exh. O.  (Mr. Garrity's impatience was due to a
potential problem looming in Bangladesh: apparently, the goods had been loaded
already on barges awaiting the arrival of the Caliope.  The identity of the ship
had been reported to the Port Trust and Customs in Bangladesh.  With the change
of ship, all new documents were needed, as well as new contracts [*14]  with
other shippers, id., and Garrity was in a great hurry to issue bills of lading
which could be negotiated.) On behalf of the Seamaster II's owners, Barks
Williams sent a telex dated August 10th to Gemini, confirming the fixture of the
vessel by the Comyns Brothers.  Def. Exh. M.

14.  The ship's movements, however, did not proceed as expeditiously as the
parties' telexes. In a telex dated August 10, 1976, Gemini informed Mr. Garrity
of Emerald of the Seamaster II's intended schedule: its estimated time of
sailing from Bandar Abbas was August 14/15th, and its estimated time of arrival
in Chittagong was August 24/25th.  Def. Exh. O.  As of September 1st, however,
the ship had not yet reached Chittagong or Chalna, the latter being the port in
which Mr. Garrity wanted to load first.  Def. Exh. Q.  In a telex dated
September 1, 1976, Gemini informed Emerald that "[w]e have conflicting cables as
to whether [Seamaster II] has sailed or not from Bandar Abbas.  In any event her
best ETA [would] be between 14/17 Sept." Def. Exh. BG.  On the authority of
Robert Kelly, one of Mr. Comyns' associates, Gemini therefore fixed a substitute
vessel, the Erini Patera, which "arrived at Chalna [*15]  on Aug. 29 and . . .
owners have advised us they expect [vessel] to be free of cargo and ready for
delivery [to Emerald and Keychart for re-loading] sometime between Sept. 4th and
7th." Id. Gemini also asked Emerald to instruct "Keychart Chalna and the Master
according [to your] requirements." ("Keychart Chalna" refers to Madhumati
Shipping Agencies, a partnership performing the functions of handling agents in
Chalna.  The partners comprising Madhumati Shipping were the same people who sat
on the board of directors of Keychart.  Testimony of Abul Khair Chowdhury, Tr.
at 251-53.) In addition, Gemini stated that the Seamaster II had not yet been
cancelled; it was not cancelled until September 8th after Mr. Garrity so
instructed Gemini in a telex dated September 7th, Def. Exh. S.  In a telex dated
September 2, 1976, Gemini informed Keychart in Chittagong of the substitution of
vessels, stating that "delivery [would be] to Comyns Brothers and T.I.P.
when/where ready [in] Chalna." Def. Exh. BF.  In addition, Gemini instructed
Keychart to "[p]lease pass above information to Master at Chalna.  Charter Party
date 1Sept76 Comyns Brothers and Canero Compania Naveria SA Panama." Id.

[*16]  15the Erini Patera was turned over to Emerald at 6 p.m. on September 6,
1976, and loading began at 9 p.m. the same day.  Def. Exh. S (telex dated
September 7, 1976, from Garrity at Emerald to Gemini).  In a letter dated
September 8th, Gemini wrote to the Master of the Erini Patera, c/o Keychart in
Dacca, enclosing a copy of the charter party and informing the Master that
"Gemini Shipping Inc., as brokers for Comyns Brothers Inc., will handle all
communications with the vessel and issue all orders concerning the present
voyage." Pl. Exh. 68.  The Master, Mate and Chief Engineer of the Erini Patera
acknowledged receipt of the letter, charter party and instructions by signing a
copy of the letter, which was sent back to Gemini by Keychart with a registered
cover letter dated September 21, 1976.  Pl. Exh. 67.

16.  According to a summary of freight collection sent by Keychart to Gemini,
the Erini Patera left Chalna on September 18, 1976, arrived in Chittagong on
September 20th and left Chittagong on September 23rd, bound for the Middle East.
Pl. Exh. 75.  While arrangements for the actual transport of the goods were
delayed, Comyns and Emerald apparently decided that the documentary [*17]
transfer of the goods should not have to await such details as loading and
shipping of the jute bags. Before any goods had left Bangladesh four bills of
lading were presented to the Pubali Bank in Dacca which forwarded them to Chase
Manhattan in New York, which in turn released the appropriate funds to Comyns
Brothers and TIP.  Pl. Exhs. 34-37.  All of them include the following
information:

Shipper: Emerald Industries, Inc.

Consignee: Pubali Bank

Vessel: Seamaster II

Port of Discharge: Tartous

Freight Details: Prepaid at New York

In addition, the bills of lading, which declare that the goods were "shipped on
board in apparent good order and condition," include the following particulars:
Pl. Exh. 34:  155 Date:  August 26, 1976
              0
              Bal
              es
              of
              jut
              e
              bag
              s,
              Por        Issued by Keychart
              t
              of
              Loa
              din
              g:
              Chi
              tta
              gon
              g

Pl. Exh. 35:  400 Date:  July 29, 1976
              0
              Bal
              es
              of
              jut
              e
              bag
              s
              Por        Issued by Madhumati
              t
              of
              Loa
              din
              g:
              Cha
              lna

Pl. Exh. 36:  100 Date:  July 30, 1976
              0
              Bal
              es
              of
              jut
              e
              bag
              s
              Por        Issued by Keychart
              t
              of
              Loa
              din
              g:
              Chi
              tta
              gon
              g

Pl. Exh. 37:  345 Date:  August 24, 1976
              0
              Bal
              es
              of
              jut
              e
              bag
              s
              Por        Issued by Madhumati
              t
              of
              Loa
              din
              g:
              Cha
              lna

According [*18]  to the testimony of Mr. Chowdhury, the signatures on Exhibits
35 and 36 are genuine, while the signatures on Exhibits 34 and 37 are forgeries.
(At trial, the defendant's counsel stipulated that Pl. Exh. 36 contains a stamp
beneath the signature referring to Gemini Shipping Inc., and Pl. Exh. 37, above
the forged signature, states "As Agents Gemini Shipping Inc.")

17.  According to the testimony of Mr. Fox from Chase Manhattan, the so-called
"genuine" bills of lading, dated July 29 and 30, Pl. Exhs. 35 and 36, were
presented to Chase between August 20 and 23, 1976, having been forwarded by the
Pubali Bank along with a cover letter dated August 16th.  Tr. at 278-79.
According to the Pubali Bank's letter, these bills of lading were presented to
it "at least as of the 13th of August." Id. at 280.  The bills of lading with
forged signatures, dated August 24 and 26, Pl. Exhs. 34 and 37, were presented
to Chase some time around September 7th.  Id. at 287Mr.. Fox could not pinpoint
the exact date of presentment, but Chase's copy of its advice of payment is
marked September 7th, indicating that presentment was just before that date.) In
other words, the full purchase price had been released [*19]  to the sellers
under the letter of credit by the time the Erini Patera was starting to receive
cargo.

18.  On the subject of advance bills of lading, Mr. Woldbeck at first testified
that he did not know what an advance bill of lading was.  After some coaxing,
however, he conceded that "I had a suspicion that [Keychart] might put a
different date on Erini Patera bills of loadings. . . slightly earlier than
completion of loading[.] . . .  If that's an advanced date, yes.  A couple of
days." Tr. at 138-39.  Mr. Chowdhury, by contrast, showed a refreshing candor on
the subject: "We do send a bill of lading only when the cargo is loaded on
board.  But in some cases for the benefit of the shipowner, when the letters of
credit are expiring or they want the money from the bank, we send them predated
or advance bill[s] of lading." Tr. at 298.  On cross-examination, he elaborated
on the practice: Even if a ship had not yet arrived in port, Keychart would
issue advance bills of lading "for helping the shippers when we know that the
ship is coming and the shippers are also genuine and cargo is laying in the
Custom warehouse, given under our custody." Tr. at 306.  Moreover, he stated
that"it [*20]  is not necessary to tell the owners or the principals when you
know that the ship is definitely coming." Tr. at 307.  The phrase, "the owners
or the principals," presumably refers to the disponet owners of the vessel and
to the charterers, the parties who are responsible for the carriage of the goods
booked on board and the parties who would have hired Keychart to guard their
interests in loading the ship. Despite Keychart's role in relation to their
hirers, however, Keychart would nonetheless issue on-board bills of lading,
often simply to benefit the shippers (those renting space on the ship from
Keychart's clients), without ever informing the owners or principals.

19.  Regarding Gemini's role in the issuance of the Seamaster II bills of
lading, there was no evidence that it had been informed about the predating and
about the forgeries, nor that it in any way authorized the use of its name on
the advance bills of lading. Gemini concedes that it had suspicions about
predating of the Erini Patera bills of lading, based upon a telex from Keychart
dated September 3, 1976, Pl. Exh. 7, in which Keychart wrote: "Due delay
Seamaster II quite a few shippers requiring advance issuance [*21]  pleadings as
their elcees [letters of credit] expiring.  In consultation with Mr. Garrity of
Emerald Dacca issuing same against indemnities from shippers. Pl[ease] [confirm]
same in order." In response to this Gemini wrote:

We cannot authorize any issuance of B/L as we are only brokers/agents for
charterers. We do however recommend you do not repeat n-o-t ask either owners
nor master for authority to issue Bs/L against indemnities, as they are certain
to decline.

Thus the less they know the better -- you are in any event signing on behalf of
master as per his mate's receipt and master need never see the B/L you give
shippers, i.e.  We hear nothing, see nothing speak nothing.

Pl. Exh. 6 (telex from Gemini to Keychart, dated September 3, 1976).

20.  Although this message certainly has a seamy, conspiratorial sound to it,
its actual role in this complicated story is not great.  First, Gemini stated
that it could not authorize any issuance of bills of lading as it was only the
broker/agent for the charterers, as opposed to being the charterer or owner of
the vessel itself.  Furthermore, the Seamaster II bills of lading, according to
Keychart, had been issued upon instructions [*22]  from Mr. Raymond Glynn, a
principal in TIP, who then travelled to Bangladesh and personally picked up
those bills of lading. Def. Exh. BI (telex dated December 10, 1976, from
Keychart to General Establishment).  Second, one must bear in mind the dates on
which the Seamaster II bills of lading were produced and negotiated through the
banks.  The first two bills of lading, Pl. Exhs. 35 and 36, were apparently
filled out immediately after the fixture of the Seamaster II, since they were
presented to the Pubali Bank in Dacca sometime before August 13th.  The two
forgeries were issued before the end of August.  (The premature presentment of
these bills of lading is inconsistent with Mr. Chowdhury's testimony that Mr.
Garrity could not exchange the Seamaster II bills for the substituted
transshipment bills of lading for the Erini Patera, because he had already
negotiated them.  Tr. at 315.

21.  According to the plaintiff's theory of causation in this case, it would not
have incurred the expenses for which it has sued if the purchase price had not
been paid out on the basis of the predated bills of lading for the Seamaster II.
Therefore, the second set of bills of lading, the transshipment [*23]  bills of
lading for the Erini Patera, are immaterial.  Nonetheless, it is clear that
Gemini denied any ability to authorize their issuance, Pl. Exh. 6; that they
were issued by Keychart "against indemnity issued to [us] by ms Emarald [sic]
Industries Inc (Bangladesh) Ltd, Dacca, as per instructions they received from
ms Comyns Bros & TIP," Def. Exh. F; that they were not released because the
Seamaster II bills of lading were not available to be cancelled in exchange for
the new ones, Def. Exh. F, Tr. at 315; and that, by the time Mr. Chowdhury
released the Erini Patera bills of lading to a representative of the Syrians in
January 1977 in Greece, Gemini's name had already been removed in accordance
with Keychart's telex of October 26, 1976, Def. Exh. AP.

22.  Besides these documentary problems, the charterers encountered difficulties
among themselves with regard to the freight.  First, in preparing to load the
Seamaster II, Garrity had to book cargo besides Comyn's goods bound for Syria
and his own bound for Port Sudan.  As he wrote to Gemini on August 13, 1976,
"This is a much bigger vessel then [sic] we originally planned on." Def. Exh. Q.
In December 1976, Keychart reported [*24]  to General Establishment that
"[s]ince the Erine [sic] Patera was a smaller vessel and also loaded additional
cargo at Port Chalna before calling on Chittagong a small lot of 700 bales was
left behind and "shutout." These bales are still in our charge and are now in
the process of being shipped to you at our cost." Def. Exh. BI.  (This report
accords with the transshipment bills of lading listed in Def. Exh. F, which show
that a total of 9300 bales were shipped on the Erini Patera.) Second, and more
important, Comyns began to suspect that Garrity had taken the bills of lading
and collected the freight funds which Garrity was supposed to have paid for
shipping his own goods to Port Sudan, Tr. at 183-85.  Furthermore, Garrity had
apparently loaded onto the Erini Patera an additional parcel of his own goods
headed for Syria.  Id. at 185; Pl. Exh. 88 (telex dated September 27, 1976, from
Gemini to Continental Traders in Chittagong, stating that "apparently Emerald
also loaded own cargo for Tartous which not agreed").

23.  In retaliation, Comyns ordered the shop to skip its scheduled stop to
discharge cargo in Port Sudan.  Tr. at 211-12.  Mr. Comyns, according to Mr.
Woldbeck, intended [*25]  either to force Garrity to pay for a return trip
through the Suez Canal to Port Sudan or else to leave Garrity's cargo in Tartous
and let Garrity work out its transportation. Id. According to Pl. Exh. 105, the
Erini Patera crossed the Suez Canal during the period of October 10-12, 1976.
On October 21, 1976, Garrity sent a telex to Gemini complaining about "this
latest entanglement between Gemini-Comyns-Samudrajatra-Emerald," Pl. Exh. 21,
referring to the bypassing of Port Sudan and to problems concerning freight
payments and Keychart's possible termination as handling agent.  Garrity also
discussed certain facts which he said suggested that Comyns was trying to sell
to the Syrians the shipment of goods Garrity had sold to the Sudanese.  Id. P7.

24.  Also on October 21, Gemini sent a telex to Candia Co., agents for the Suez
Canal, explaining:

We have been advised by Comyns Brothers and T.I.P. to instruct the vessel as
soon as possible to sail from Tartous and proceed directly to Piraeus Greece.
Please urgently contact H. Morcos the agent [in Piraeus] with above instructions
to be accompanied with the signature Comyns Brothers and TIP.

Pl. Exh. 23.  In explaining the reason [*26]  for leaving Tartous without
discharging the Syrian cargo, Mr. Woldbeck testified:

[The] cargo for Port Sudan overstowed the cargo for Syria, so that in Syria they
could not get to the Syrian cargo without first removing the Port Sudan cargo
[.] . . .

My understanding was that they tried to put the Port Sudan cargo ashore in Syria
temporarily so that they could get to the Syrian cargo. However, there was so
little room in the port, the port was badly congested, that's a fact, that the
port authorities could not allow that, they did not have the warehouse space.

Apparently they didn't have barges.  Consequently, the vessel would have to go
to another port to discharge the Port Sudan cargo so that the Syrian cargo
became available for discharge, so I was told.

Tr. at 193.  As far as Gemini understood, Comyns Brothers' and TIP's "reasons
were to go to Piraeus and discharge the Port Sudan cargo so that he could get to
the Tartous cargo. However, [Comyns] was not clear what would happen to the Port
Sudan cargo. . . .  Then he proceeded to discharge also the Tartous cargo in
Piraeus." Tr. at 221.

25.  It was at this point -- after the vessel was in Piraeus, where Comyns [*27]
met it -- that Gemini ceased to act on Comyns' behalf.  Tr. at 125-26, 221-23.
Woldbeck's testimony on this point bears quoting at length, id. at 221-23:

. . . [I]initially, he was going to go back to Tartous, but now all of a sudden
he continues to discharge.

I saw at the time that this was leading to nothing good because he's right now,
by doing so, he would incur expenses that he shouldn't have to incur on himself
nor anybody else.  It became pretty obvious to me that he had no intentions of
getting that cargo back to Tartous and, additionally, he was starting to ask us
whether we could arrange for a charter of the Erini Patera to proceed from
Piraeus to Nigeria with jute bags; obviously the same cargo.

So we started to suspect that he perhaps wanted to -- well, do something
completely illegal and we wanted absolutely -- we wanted to disengage ourselves
from that.

* * *

We did not directly convey it to Mr. Comyns.  Well, we told him that he was
running into problems if he thought he could get the Erini Patera to go down
there and, additionally, we did not tell him in so many words: Listen, we want
nothing more to do with you.

If I had done that, he would right [*28]  away go to somebody else, and I don't
know what would have happened to the cargo then.  I wanted at least that still
some telexes were sent by our office so that we knew a little of what was going
on.

* * *

[This was] while the vessel was still in Piraeus and discharging.  I cannot
remember the exact date.  She was still there.

At this time also Candia is fired by Comyns as agents and he appoints new
agents.  Mr. Comyns or his representative is constantly in Piraeus and there is
very little communication going through our offices anymore and it soon comes
down to a complete halt.

Then it dies off.  We do not tell him we are finished with you, but the last
hire payment or the last settlement with the owner of the Erini Patera Mr.
Comyns made himself, and since then the owner of the Erini Patera was discharged
from the charter party.

We had no reason to stay in.  We didn't see Mr. Comyns again.  The whole deal
was off.

26.  What eventually happened is that General Establishment, through
representatives in Greece, obtained a sequestration order and finally secured
possession of the jute bags, which were shipped at the Syrians' expense back to
Tartous.  Stipulated Facts [*29]  PP35, 36, Exh. A to the Complaint.

27.  The plaintiff's theory of the recovery in this case is that "Keychart was
either the agent or the subagent of Gemini, in either case rendering Gemini
responsible as principal for Keychart's wrongful actions in issuing predated
bills of lading for the Seamaster II." Plaintiff's Post-Trial Memorandum
("Plaintiff's Brief") at 3-4.  Regarding causation, the plaintiff argues that if
the Seamaster II documents had not been predated, Chase Manhattan would have
refused payment under the letters of credit, and Comyns would have been in
default under the sales contract, Def. Exh. BJ, enabling General Establishment
to replace the goods elsewhere and then recover from Comyns for the difference
between the cover price and the contract price.  Plaintiff's Brief at 3.

28.  As an initial matter, the goods referred to in the August 24 and 26 bills
of lading can be excluded from consideration.  The plaintiff concedes that
"[t]he "forged" bills of lading were undoubtedly issued by a member of the
Comyns Group," Pl. Exhs. 34 and 37moreover, contrary to the testimony of the
witness from Chase Manhattan that the bank would have refused payment if the
bills [*30]  of lading showed that the shipments were made in September, Tr. at
293, the Court's reading of the letter of credit and its amendment is that the
bank would have been obligated to honor the bills of lading for the last 5000
bales of bags if they were shipped any time before the end of September.  The
amendment, dated June 30, 1976, states that 2500 bales were to be shipped on or
before July 15; 2500 bales on or before July 30; and the balance on or before
August 31.  Pl. Exh. 115.  The expiration date was extended through September
30, 1976, and the amendment notes that "all other conditions remain unchanged,"
which would include the provision allowing the bank to pay out funds in respect
of shipments up to 30 days late, subject to a deduction for lateness.  Id.
Accordingly, the last 5000 bales, shipped on September 23, would have qualified
for payment subject to a lateness deduction.

29.  Regarding predated bills of lading generally, Mr. Woldbeck testified that
"I have experience that bills of lading have been dated as loaded on board when
the cargo is still in the process of being loaded on board, but prior to the
vessel's arrival, it's taking a little too much of a risk." Tr.  [*31]  at 196.
In addition, he had heard of shippers issuing indemnities to the handling agents
who issue predated bills of lading. Tr. at 197-99.  (Such indemnities were
issued in this case by Mr. Garrity in favor of Keychart.  See Exhs. BC-BE).  But
the witness qualified his comments by stating that "[i]t is a question of degree
on the dates, first of all.  Secondly, if you mean to say does it happen that
they release bills of loadings with the wrong date, the answer is yes.  If the
question is [actually releasing predated bills of lading] prior to the vessel
having completed loading, the answer is that that happens very seldom, if ever."
Tr. at 199.

30.  In this case, it is clear that on-board bills of lading were issued and
released far in advance of the actual shipment of goods.  (Despite Mr.
Chowdhury's representation to General Establishment in December 1976 that
Keychart issued only "taken-in-charge" bills of lading, the documents actually
negotiated purport to be on-board bills of lading.) It further appears that
Gemini may have had knowledge that Comyns and Garrity planned to collect their
money under the letter of credit without waiting for accurate, legitimate
documents.  [*32]  In a telex dated August 12, Garrity asked Gemini to "[p]lease
telephone Jim Comyns or Ray Glynn and inform them that it was impossible for me
to put papers on today's flight.  The barge disbursement and bales for
Chittagong and Chalna are not yet firmed and therefore I could not obtain all
necessary papers they require.  Should be able to arrange papers by weekend."
Pl. Exh. 112.  In 1976, August 12th was a Thursday; the first two bills of
lading were presented to the Pubali Bank in Dacca on August 13th, Tr. at 197,
which accords with Garrity's efforts to produce the papers by the weekend.
Presumably those papers were the necessary documents from the Pubali Bank
acknowledging receipt of the bills of lading, thus enabling Comyns and Glynn to
collect their money from Chase Manhattan.  Garrity's telex does not identify
specifically what documents he was referring to, but a company as sophisticated
in shipping as Gemini was would probably have understood his message.

31.  The question in this case, however, is whether Gemini is liable for the
predating of documents and, if so, whether its responsibility extends to an
obligation to reimburse General Establishment for its expenses [*33]  in
recovering the goods.  As noted above, P28, the bills of lading dated August 24
and 26 are out of consideration; the Court's inquiry must focus therefore on the
documents dated July 29 and 30, Pl. Exhs. 35 and 36, which were issued between
August 10 and 13.

32.  Under the general definition of an agency relationship, it is clear that
Gemini was an agent for Comyns Brothers and TIP by virtue of the various acts
Gemini undertook in assisting the charterers with the operation of a vessel. 1
Restatement (Second) of Agency § 1 (1958).   [HN1] The only requirement for an
agency is that two parties consent to have one act on behalf of the other, with
the agent agreeing to be subject to the principal's control.  Id., Comment on
Subsection (1).  This standard has been satisfied here: using its contracts and
experience in shipping, Gemini arranged bunkers on Comyns' behalf and suggested
agents to be used in various ports, Pl. Exhs. 41-54, 56-63, 97-99, 102, 103,
106.  On larger matters, however, such as the progress from port to port and the
discharging of cargo, Comyns' overall control of the voyage is apparent.

33.  The existence of any agency between Comyns and Gemini, however, does not
[*34]  resolve the issue of Gemini's responsibility, if any, for Keychart's acts
in connection with the predated bills of lading. Upon considering the
conflicting testimony and evidence pertinent to this issue, the Court concludes
that the plaintiff has failed to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that
Keychart acted for Gemini regarding the bills of lading. To the contrary, the
Court concludes that Keychart acted on behalf of and on the authority of Comyns
Brothers and TIP, the charterers, and pursuant to the instructions of the
individuals associated with their venture, including Mr. Garrity.  In reaching
these conclusions, the Court finds very revealing a telex sent by Keychart to
General Establishment on December 10, 1976, in response to an inquiry about the
goods it had purchased and paid for.  Keychart explained as follows:

1.  Seamaster II was chartered by M/S Comyns Brothers and TIP Inc. New York
through Gemini Shipping Inc. . . .

2.  On June 30, 1976, James Comyns arrived in Dacca and instructed us to take
the "sugarbags" being supplied by M/S Emerald Industries Inc. (Bangladesh) Ltd.
"in-charge" as soon as they were delivered to the port for shipment. In face of
concurrence [*35]  to instructions by the suppliers we "took-in-charge" the jute
sugarbags as they were ready for shipment aboard export vessel.

3.  On further instructions from Mr. Raymond Glynn the principal of TIP Inc. New
York we issued the bills of lading for the Seamaster II against the appointment
letter from Gemini and a copy of the charter party in our possession.  [Portion
illegible].

4.  Mr. Glynn then subsequently came to Bangladesh to pick up the bills of
loadings personally.  These along with all other documents relating to the
shipment of sugarbags were handed over to him under a signed "trust receipt".
The instructions and trust receipt were witnessed by the United States Embassy
and a copy of Mr. Glynn's USA passport number F 2318913 along with his
photograph was taken to the USA Embassy for verification of identity and his
"signature" on the papers.

Because of the unusual request to issue the bills of lading against
"taking-in-charge" although quite legal but a very unusual request and
procedure, we felt it best to get his signature and everything properly
witnessed.

Def. Exh. BI.

34.  From the dating and premature presentment of the bills of lading and from
the December [*36]  10th telex, several inferences can be drawn: first, in light
of Keychart's contacts with Comyns, Glynn and Garrity, the Court concludes that
Keychart was aware all along that Comyns Brothers and TIP were charterers of the
vessel. As Mr. Chowdhury testified: "[S]Sometime in June or July 1976 . . . Mr.
Garrity came to Chittagong Club to meet me and there he requested me if we will
accept his agency of a vessel which is coming to pick up his jute bags, which he
has sold to Syrians." Tr. at 255 (emphasis supplied).  Shortly thereafter, Mr.
Chowdhury left the country, not returning until mid-September, Tr. at 256, but
the telex of December 10, 1976, Def. Exh. BI, makes clear that Keychart began
working with Comyns and Garrity shortly after the initial meeting at the
Chittagong Club.  (E.g., "On June 30, 1976, Mr. James Comyns arrived in Dacca,"
etc.) In addition, the statement that "Seamaster II was chartered by M/S Comyns
Brothers and TIP Inc. New York through Gemini Shipping Inc." id., reflects
accurately the state of Comyns' plans as of June 1976 -- namely, Comyns
Brothers, Inc. and TIP planned to charter a vessel on their own.  It is fair to
infer that all along during the summer [*37]  of 1976 Keychart knew that it was
handling a ship chartered by Comyns Brothers and TIP through Gemini as brokers.
Indeed, the telex from Gemini to Keychart, Pl. Exh. 5, states: "Confirm your
appointment handling agents M/V Seamaster 2," suggesting that the appointment
had already been made -- that is, by Comyns or Garrity on behalf of Comyns
Brothers and TIP, the charterers. The confirming letter of August 19, 1976, Pl.
Exh. 1, which spells out the details of the appointment, clearly refers to
Comyns Brothers as the charterers and it enclosed two copies of the charter
party between Irish Marine Lines and Comyns Brothers, both of whose names appear
in the heading of the letter.  In short, the Court does not find credible Mr.
Chowdhury's statement that "[o]n the basis of [the August 10, 1976 telex, Pl.
Exh. 5], our office worked for Gemini Shipping, Inc., New York." Tr. at 260-61.

35.  Moreover, as intimated several times during the trial, the Court finds
that, regardless of Gemini's possible liability for Keychart's acts, the
plaintiff's damages were not caused by the predating of the Seamaster II bills
of lading. It is undisputed that 9300 bales of jute bags were eventually [*38]
loaded on the Erini Patera and shipped to the Middle East.  Stipulated Facts
P33, Exh. A to Supplemental Pretrial Order.  It is also agreed that "Comyns
Brothers and TIP caused [the cargo] . . . to be transported to Piraeus, Greece,
where such goods were thereafter unloaded and stored in a warehouse at the port
of Piraeus, at the direction and while in the custody of Comyns Brothers and
TIP." Id. P34.  (The remaining 700 bales of bags were shipped by Keychart at its
own expense to General Establishment in Tartous.  Def. Exh. BI, P6.)

36.  The decision to bypass Port Sudan was made by Comyns, Tr. at 396, resulting
in the impossibility of unloading in Tartous.  According to Mr. Woldbeck's
testimony, he recommended against bypassing Port Sudan because "the cargo had to
be brought to Port Sudan sooner or later and . . . [Comyns] was thereby
incurring costs by bypassing it." Tr. at 397.  Moreover, "it was not only a
question of bypassing, returning, but that they had to cross the Suez Canal
twice unnecessarily, and that is expensive." Tr. at 398.  When Woldbeck heard
that the vessel had to leave Tartous to alleviate the stowage problem, "[his]
recommendation was that the vessel [*39]  forthwith proceed back to Port Sudan
and, thereby, alleviate that problem so she should go back again to Tartous."
Tr. at 399.

37.  Comyns ignored this suggestion, apparently because of his fury at Garrity,
Tr. at 419, and chose to proceed to Piraeus, where Comyns met the vessel. Mr.
Woldbeck testified that he had some doubts about Comyns' reliability after he
ordered the ship to bypass Port Sudan, id., and that "later on [after the ship
had been ordered to Piraeus] when he started to make arrangements and
investigate costs of discharging not only the Port Sudan cargo but all of the
cargo in Piraeus, then, you know, I [Woldbeck] was really suspicious of his
intentions," id. at 420.  Up until that time, however, Gemini believed that the
trip to Piraeus was for the purpose of discharging the Port Sudan cargo, so that
the Syrians' cargo could be reshipped to Tartous and properly delivered.

38.  As discussed above, P28, under the amendment to the letter of credit, Chase
Manhattan would have paid out the purchase price for the last 5000 bales of jute
bags because they were shipped within 30 days of the date stipulated.
Regardless of the contractual provision permitting the plaintiff [*40]  to
consider the sellers in default and to arrange for cover, see Def. Exh. BJ,
P13d, the funds covered by the irrevocable letter of credit would have been
paid, and the plaintiff would have been in the same position as it is now --
namely, it would have been required to institute the same legal proceedings in
Greece to recover the goods paid for.

39.  In support of its position on the causation of its damages, General
Establishment relies upon Olivier Straw Goods Corp. v. Osaka Shosen Kaisha, 27
F.2d 129 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 279 U.S. 618 (1928). There, the master of the
vessel issued a predated, on-board bill of lading before the goods were actually
loaded, thereby enabling the sellers to collect the purchase price under an
expiring letter of credit. Subsequently, the goods could not be shipped and they
were lost to looters.  The court held that, because of its responsibility for
issuing the bill of lading, the shipowner was estopped to deny that the goods
were loaded on board in good condition.

40.  That case does not decide this one.  There, no one disputed who was
responsible for issuing the bill of lading -- it had been signed by the master
on behalf of the shipping [*41]  company.  Here Gemini denies any role in
Keychart's issuing an on-board bill of lading as the handling agent for the
charterers. Moreover, regarding causation of damages, the court in Olivier held
that the plaintiff "has been prejudiced because, if a true bill of lading had
been issued, it would have been able to cancel its contract . . . without
incurring any liability to the bank, which would not have honored the draft on
presentment of a "delivered for shipment" bill of lading." 27 F.2d at 134. As
discussed above, such is not the case here: General Establishment would have
incurred a liability to the bank, thereby forcing it to instigate proceedings in
Greece to recover the goods which arrived in Tartous, but which were
subsequently discharged by Comyns in Piraeus.

41.  General Establishment is suing on a tort theory: it seeks to recover the
expenses it incurred in forestalling Comyns' attempted conversion of the goods
through a deviation of the voyage and a discharging of cargo.  [HN2] A deviation
is "a departure from the voyage contracted for," Haroco Co. v. The Tai Shan, 111
F.Supp. 638, 641 (S.D.N.Y. 1953), aff'd sub nom.  Frederick H. Cone & Co. v. The
Tai Shan, 218 F.2d 822 (2d [*42]  Cir. 1955), and may itself be actionable.
Often a deviation involves the overcarriage and discharge of goods -- sometimes
the goods shipped under the libellant's bill of lading, as in The Tai Shan,
supra, and sometimes other shippers' goods which the shipowner or charterer
wants to deliver to reap extra income from the voyage already undertaken.  See,
e.g., Surrendra (Overseas) Private, Ltd. v. S.S. Hellenic Hero, 213 F.Supp. 97,
100-02 (S.D.N.Y.), aff'd per curiam, 324 F.2d 955 (2d Cir. 1963); Fadex Chemical
Corp. v. Lorentzen, 44 N.Y.S. 2d 789 (N.Y. Mun. Ct. 1943). See generally G.
Gilmore & C. Black, Jr., The Law of Admiralty § 3-40 (2d ed. 1975).

42.   [HN3] The general standard for judging deviations is whether the shipowner
acted unreasonably.  Swindell-Dressler Int'l Co. v. M/V Hellenic Ideal, 511
F.Supp. 649 (S.D.N.Y. 1980); Surrendra (Overseas) Private, Ltd. v. S.S. Hellenic
Hero, supra, 213 F.Supp. at 101-02; G. Gilmore & C. Black, Jr., The Law of
Admiralty, supra, at 178-79.  Under the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act, 46 U.S.C.
§§ 1300-1315, which is incorporated by reference into the Erini Patera bill of
lading, Pl. Exh. 108, a "deviation . . . for the purpose of loading or [*43]
unloading cargo . . . shall, prima facie, be regarded as unreasonable." 46
U.S.C.  § 1304(4).  This provision places the burden of proof on the shipowner
to show that a deviation was reasonable, Haroco Co. v. The Tai Shan, supra, 111
F.Supp. at 642, and with regard to discharging cargo in the wrong port, the
shipowner "would have to show something more than mere reasonableness from the
point of view of the carrier," G. Gilmore & C. Black, Jr., The Law of Admiralty,
supra, at 179 (emphasis in original) -- that is, more than a motive to increase
the carrier's own profits.

43.  Applying these principles here, it is clear that the Sudanese and the
Syrians would have a good claim against the charterers for unreasonably
deviating from the agreed upon voyage and for discharging their cargo. But with
regard to Gemini, up until the last time it had any control over the vessel and
its cargo, the Erini Patera was making a reasonable detour to effectuate its
delivery of goods in Tartous.  In short, it is not responsible for the
actionable deviation, and the actions for which it might arguably be responsible
were not the proximate cause of plaintiff's damages.  To implicate Gemini in
Comyns'  [*44]  deeds, General Establishment alleges as follows:

The evidence in this case shows that Gemini diverted the Erini Patera by cabling
the master and also instructing its Mediterranean agents (Candia) to cable the
master "to sail from Tartous and proceed directly to Piraeus Greece." (Exh. 23;
Tr. 398.) At the time those instructions were given, Gemini knew that the Syrian
cargo was on board the Erini Patera and had not been discharged at Tartous.
(Tr. 190, 192.) Gemini also knew about the consequences of a deviation, having
discussed the very fact of deviation with Comyns when the vessel bypassed Port
Sudan on Gemini's earlier instructions to the master.  (Tr. 212; 396-97, 210.)

Plaintiff's Brief at 25.

44.  These facts are accurate, but they do not demonstrate that Gemini
participated in any actionable deviation. Gemini did cable instructions
diverting the ship, but it still believed that the purpose of the diversion was
to facilitate the delivery of the goods on a return trip to Tartous.  Gemini was
aware of the effects of a deviation, but saw the problem as one of financial
practicality -- that is, it assumed that the Port Sudan goods would be delivered
at some point and that [*45]  Comyns was going to incur unnecessary expenses by
skipping Port Sudan and by proceeding to Piraeus.  Moreover, Gemini understood
that Comyns had a particular dispute with Garrity which led him to bypass Port
Sudan.  Gemini had no knowledge of any reason, nor does the evidence suggest any
reason, why Comyns would have been planning to convert the Syrian goods.  Comyns
allowed the ship to dock in Tartous and only ordered the vessel to leave when it
became apparent that the Syrian goods could not be discharged.  His scheme to
unload the jute bags and attempt a resale seems to have hatched while the ship
was en route to Piraeus.  The actionable deviation occurred when Comyns met the
ship in Greece, unloaded the Syrian cargo and attempted to resell it.  With the
completion of the tort, Gemini had no connection.  Cf.  Sidney Blumenthal & Co.
v. United States, 30 F.2d 247, 248 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 279 U.S. 847 (1929)
(agent "deliberately transshipped the goods by a wrong ship," thereby
intentionally interfering with the shipper's contract).

45.  Given Gemini's lack of involvement in the actionable deviation, plaintiff
is left with its allegations that Gemini should be held liable because [*46]  of
its role in issuing the order for the ship to leave Tartous and in the issuing
of predated bills of lading. Regarding the bills of lading, General
Establishment argues that without the predated bills of lading, no money would
have changed hands under the letter of credit, the contract would have been
abrogated, and the plaintiff could have replaced the goods elsewhere and sought
to recover for any increase in the price.  (Here, the Court accepts, arguendo,
that Gemini was responsible for the issuance of false bills of lading under its
own name.) As discussed above, however, even with properly dated bills of
lading, money would have changed hands for the last 5000 bales which were
shipped within 30 days from the assigned date of August 31, 1976.  Therefore,
General Establishment would have had to undertake the same legal proceedings in
Greece.  Moreover, as far as Gemini was concerned, the goods had arrived in
Tartous, where they would be duly, if tardily, delivered after the ship stopped
in Piraeus to discharge the Sudanese cargo.

46assuming that Gemini were responsible for the issuance of predated bills of
lading, that no funds would have been transferred under the letter of [*47]
credit, and that Gemini were responsible for diverting the ship to Greece --
none of which the Court is convinced of -- these actions were not the proximate
cause of plaintiff's damages.  The standards of proximate cause are well-known,
although often difficult to apply.  See, e.g., Petition of Kinsman Transit Co.,
338 F.2d 708 (2d Cir. 1964), cert. denied, 380 U.S. 944 (1965). In that case,
the court of appeals reiterated the principle that  [HN4] "[f]foreseeablility of
danger is necessary to render conduct negligent," id. at 724, and that

[w]e see no reason why an actor engaging in conduct which entails a large risk
of small damage and a small risk of other and greater damage, of the same
general sort, from the same forces, and to the same class of persons, should be
relieved of responsibility for the latter simply because the chance of its
occurrence, if viewed alone, may not have been large enough to require the
exercise of care.  By hypothesis, the risk of the lesser harm was sufficient to
render his disregard of it actionable; the existence of a less likely additional
risk that the very forces against whose action he was required to guard would
produce other and greater damage [*48]  than could have been reasonably
anticipated should inculpate him further rather than limit his liability.  This
does not mean that the careless actor will always be held for all damages for
which the forces that he risked were a cause in fact.  Somewhere a point will be
reached when courts will agree that the link has become too tenuous -- that what
is claimed to be consequence is only fortuity.

Id. at 725 (emphasis supplied).

47.  Applying these principles, the Court finds that "the link has become too
tenuous" to hold Gemini liable for Comyns' perfidy on the basis of Gemini's
conveying of orders to the Erini Patera or on the basis of its telex confirming
Keychart's appointment as handling agent.  Even assuming, arguendo, that Gemini
committed negligence in connection with Keychart's appointment or the ship's
sailing to Piraeus, such negligence did not carry a foreseeable risk of
conversion of the property in Piraeus.  Furthermore, even if the Court were to
assume that Comyns' general shadiness made his attempted conversion foreseeable
-- which assumption is rebutted by the facts reviewed in P44 above -- Gemini's
conduct would not meet the standards established by the Restatement [*49]
(Second) of Torts for proximate causation.

48.   [HN5] Proximate cause "generally requires that one's wrongful conduct play
a "substantial" or "essential" part in bringing about the damage sustained by
another." Miller v. Schweickart, 413 F.Supp. 1062, 1067 (S.D.N.Y. 1976). The
comments to § 431 of the Restatement (Second) of Torts state that "[i]n order to
be a legal cause of another's harm, it is not enough that the harm would not
have occurred had the actor not been negligent.  [Wheatley Heights Neighborhood
Coalition v. Jenna Resales Co., 447 F.Supp. 838, 842 (E.D.N.Y. 1978) (real
estate listing service is not liable for failing to prevent alleged
discriminatory misuses of otherwise unobjectionable listings).] . . . The
negligence must also be a substantial factor in bringing about the plaintiff's
harm.  The word "substantial" is used to denote the fact that the defendant's
conduct has such an effect in producing the harm as to lead reasonable men to
regard it as a cause, using that word in the popular sense, in which there
always lurks the idea of responsibility." Id. at 429.  In § 433, the Restatement
lists several considerations which are "important in determining whether [*50]
the actor's conduct is a substantial factor in bringing about harm to another,"
the first of which is whether other factors contributed to the harm.  The
comments to this section state that "[s]some other event . . . may have such a
predominant effect in bringing it about as to make the effect of the actor's
negligence insignificant and, therefore, to prevent it from being a substantial
factor." Id. at 433.

49.  Under these principles, the Court finds that Gemini's conduct was not a
"substantial" factor in bringing about the plaintiff's losses because Comyns",
Garrity's and Keychart's acts were the predominant factors to which
responsibility should attach.  Moreover, even if Gemini's acts were a
substantial factor, Comyns' acts would satisfy the standards for "superseding
cause," which is "an act of a third person or other force which by its
intervention prevents the actor from being liable for harm to another which his
antecedent negligence is a substantial factor in bringing about." Restatement
(Second) of Torts § 440.  The rules for determining whether an intervening cause
is a superseding cause are laid out in §§ 442-53, id. at 465, and the most
pertinent explanatory provision [*51]  is § 448, which provides as follows:

[HN6] The act of a third person in committing an intentional tort or crime is a
superseding cause of harm to another resulting therefrom, although the actor's
negligent conduct created a situation which afforded an opportunity to the third
person to commit such a tort or crime, unless the actor at the time of his
negligent conduct realized or should have realized the likelihood that such a
situation might be created, and that a third person might avail himself of the
opportunity to commit such a tort or crime.

The comments to this section make clear that  [HN7] if the actor had no reason
to expect the third party's commission of an intentional tort or crime, the
actor is not liable for it, although there may be "special grounds for
anticipating criminal action by [a] third person." Id. at 481 (emphasis
supplied).  Such "special grounds" include "temptations to which a recognizable
percentage of humanity is likely to yield" and temptations to which few would
yield, but which carry a risk of "fairly definite types of crime" because the
temptations "are created at a place where persons of peculiarly vicious type are
likely to be." Id. The Court finds that [*52]  -- despite certain doubts Mr.
Woldbeck may have been harbored about the Comyns group, see e.g., Tr. at 419-20
-- Gemini cannot be held liable on the theory that it should have foreseen the
likelihood of Comyns' attempted conversion of the Syrian goods.

CONCLUSION

In view of the foregoing, judgment is granted in favor of the defendant Gemini
Shipping Inc.

So ordered.


                              219 of 221 DOCUMENTS

             DINO JOSEPH FERRANTE, Plaintiff, v. CAROLYN W. COLVIN,
               ACTING COMMISSIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY, Defendant.

                         CASE NO. 1:15-cv-00553-SHR-GBC

            UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT FOR THE MIDDLE DISTRICT OF
                                  PENNSYLVANIA

                          2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 50310


                           February 23, 2016, Decided
                            February 23, 2016, Filed

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Adopted by, Objection overruled by Ferrante v. Colvin, 2016
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 50136 (M.D. Pa., Apr. 14, 2016)

CORE TERMS: cane, claimant, opined, stairs, walk, knee, blood pressure,
extremity, pain, hypertension, impairment, climb, medication, arthritis,
credibility, disability, occasionally, symptoms, follow-up, chronic, negative
evidence, disease, kidney, right eye, visual, edema, breath, swelling,
consultative, rheumatoid

COUNSEL:  [*1] For Dino Joseph Ferrante, Plaintiff: Patrick J. Best, LEAD
ATTORNEY, Anders, Riegel & Masington, LLC, Stroudsburg, PA.

For Carolyn W. Colvin, Acting Commissioner of Social Security, Defendant: D
Brian Simpson, United States Attorney's Office - Social Security Divis,
Harrisburg, PA.

JUDGES: GERALD B. COHN, UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE. (JUDGE RAMBO).

OPINION BY: GERALD B. COHN

OPINION


REPORT AND RECOMMENDATION TO DENY PLAINTIFF'S APPEAL

Docs. 1, 9, 10, 13, 14, 15

REPORT AND RECOMMENDATION

I. Procedural Background

On February 6, 2013 and February 25, 2014, Dino Joseph Ferrante ("Plaintiff")
respectively filed as a claimant for disability insurance benefits under Title
II and XVI of the Social Security Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 401-34, 1381-1383f, with a
date last insured of December 31, 2013,1 and claimed an amended disability onset
date of October 31, 2008. (Administrative Transcript (hereinafter, "Tr."), 9).
After the claim was denied at the initial level of administrative review, the
Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) held a hearing on April, 23, 2014. (Tr. 53-100).
On May 28, 2014, the ALJ found that Plaintiff was not disabled within the
meaning of the Act. (Tr. 6-26). On June 28, 2014, Plaintiff sought review of the
unfavorable decision, which the Appeals [*2]  Council denied on January 30,
2015, thereby affirming the decision of the ALJ as the "final decision" of the
Commissioner. (Tr. 1-5).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 Disability insurance benefits are paid to an individual if that individual is
disabled and "insured," that is, the individual has worked long enough and paid
social security taxes. 42 U.S.C. §§ 415(a) and 416(i)(1). The last date that a
claimant meets the requirements of being insured is commonly referred to as the
"date last insured." See 42 U.S.C. § 416(i)(2); accord Renfer v. Colvin, No.
3:14CV611, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 62993, 2015 WL 2344959, at *1 (M.D. Pa. May 14,
2015).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

On March 19, 2015, Plaintiff filed the above-captioned action pursuant to 42
U.S.C. § 405(g) and pursuant to 42 U.S.C. § 1383(c)(3), to appeal a decision of
the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration ("SSA") denying social
security benefits. (Doc. 1). On May 20, 2015, the Commissioner ("Defendant")
filed an answer and an administrative transcript of proceedings. (Doc. 9, 10).
On June 10, 2015, Plaintiff filed a brief in support of the appeal. (Doc. 13
("Pl. Brief")). On June 29, 2015, the Court referred this case to the
undersigned Magistrate Judge. On July 8, 2015, Defendant filed a brief in
response. (Doc. 14 ("Def. Brief")). On July 15, 2015, Plaintiff filed a reply
brief. (Tr. 15 ("Reply")).

II. Relevant Facts in the Record

A. [*3]  Education, Age, and Vocational History

The relevant period begins on October 31, 2008, Plaintiff's alleged onset date,
and ends on May 28, 2014, the date of the ALJ's decision. Plaintiff was born in
May 1962, and thus was classified by the regulations as a person closely
approaching advanced age as of the date of the ALJ's decision. 20 C.F.R. §
404.1563(d); (Tr. 57). Plaintiff graduated high school and completed two years
of college without earning a degree. (Tr. 58). From 1986 to 2006 Plaintiff
worked as an operations clerk in the stock exchange and from 2006 to 2008 he
worked as a customer service representative for an investment company. (Tr.
207).

B. Relevant Treatment History and Medical Opinions

1. Lehigh Valley Hospital - Cedar Crest, dated 11/01/2008 to 256-307 52
11/07/2008: Uzma Z. Vaince, M.D.; Howard Rosenberg, M.D.; Elliot Shoemaker,
M.D.; James Ross, M.D.; Wayne E. Dubov, M.D.

From November 1, 2008, to November 7, 2008, Plaintiff was hospitalized. (Tr.
258-307). Upon admission Plaintiff reported that he was diagnosed with gout five
or six years prior and at that time he had seen an orthopedist who aspirated his
knee, and fluid analysis was consistent with acute gout. (Tr. 305) Plaintiff
reported [*4]  that since the gout diagnosis, he has had approximately two gout
flare-ups yearly involving feet, ankles or knees and colchicine for one to two
days completely resolved the symptoms. (Tr. 305). On November 1, 2001, Dr. Ross
examined Plaintiff and observed bilateral effusions of the knees with warmth,
that the right knee was larger than the left knee, there was "slight pain with
range of motion of the knees," tenderness and tenderness and swelling in the
ankles and feet. (Tr. 305).

Dr. Dubov noted that Plaintiff's gait dysfunction was due to the lower extremity
pain likely due to his gout and a rheumatology consult would be recommended if
the "gout symptoms or his right lower extremity symptoms do not improve since,
at this point, this has a major functional limitation." (Tr. 302-03). Treatment
records indicated that Plaintiff last worked in 2006, was laid off and rehired
and was recently unemployed and collected unemployment benefits. (Tr. 261, 268,
301). Records also not that Plaintiff engaged in daily alcohol abuse of at least
two glasses of vodka, and was uninsured at the time of the hospitalization. (Tr.
261, 268, 305). A report noted that upon discharge, Plaintiff was diagnosed [*5]
with: 1) acute intracerebral hemorrhage; 2) malignant hypertension; 3) gouty
arthritis; 4) ETOH abuse; and 5) acute kidney injury. (Tr. 258). On November 1,
2008, Plaintiff presented to the Poconos Hospital with a sudden onset of the
right-sided headache and left facial droop accompanied by left-sided weakness.
(Tr. 258). On arrival, his blood pressure was 209/126 and a CT of the head
showed a right intercerebral hemorrhage. (Tr. 258). Plaintiff's past medical
history included gastric bypass surgery in 2002, uncontrolled hypertension, ETOH
abuse, and a history of cocaine abuse. (Tr. 268, 294). During the physical
therapist consult, it was observed that Plaintiff was alert and oriented x3 and
was able to follow two step commands 100 percent of the time. (Tr. 296).

Plaintiff underwent an ultrasound which showed normal sonography of the kidney
(Tr. 288), the echocardiogram done showed mild diastolic dysfunction, the
initial left-sided weakness subsequently improved, and his blood pressure
decreased to 140/95. (Tr. 259). Plaintiff also experienced a flare-up of gout
involving the right ankle and the left knee. (Tr. 259).

An examination prior to discharge revealed that Plaintiff had motor [*6]  power
4-5/5 in the left upper and lower extremities, slight swelling in the left
ankle, and in the right ankle and left knee. (Tr. 259). At the time of
discharge, Plaintiff was "hemodynamically stable. He denied any chest pain,
palpitations, did complain of slight swelling in the left ankle." (Tr. 259). No
restrictions were placed and the report indicated that Plaintiff could resume
normal activity (Tr. 262), and had "modified" independence for locomotion and
transfer mobility. (Tr. 266).

2. Pocono Medical Center: Christopher Pomrink, D.O.; Gervaise Charles, M.D.;
Olutunde Odeyemi, M.D.

On June 20, 2009, Plaintiff sought emergency treatment for severe swelling of
his legs and pain in the right foot and toes that made it difficult for him to
walk. (Tr. 313). Plaintiff was hospitalized from June 20, 2009, to June 24,
2009, and was discharged with the diagnoses of: 1) bilateral lower extremity
swelling, secondary to arthralgias and possible rheumatologic disease, no
evidence of congestive heart failure ("CHF"); 2) microcystic anemia; 3)
symptomatic anemia; 4) iron deficiency; 5) uncontrolled hypertension; 6)
rheumatologic disorder; 7) Possible rheumatoid arthritis; 8) chronic kidney
disease; [*7]  9) chronic renal insufficiency; and 10) uncontrolled
hypertension. (Tr. 310). Plaintiff "adamantly refused" the recommended upper and
lower GI endoscopy and it was noted that Plaintiff was not compliant with his
vitamin supplements after his gastric bypass in 2002. (Tr. 311). Dr. Pomrink
noted that "[i]t was thought that his renal failure at least in part based on
the hypertension, however there may be underlying rheumatologic disorder." (Tr.
311). Dr. Pomrink asked Plaintiff to follow-up with rheumatology on an
outpatient basis. (Tr. 311). Dr. Pomrink noted that Plaintiff had an orthopedic
consultation where Dr. Barnes performed joint aspiration and found no signs of
gout or infection. (Tr. 311). Plaintiff condition at discharge was described as
"stable," "ambulating much better," and Plaintiff reported significant
symptomatic improvement. (Tr. 312).

On January 24, 2011, Plaintiff sought emergency treatment for shortness of
breath, was hospitalized and discharged on January 27, 2011. (Tr. 318). Upon
admission, Plaintiff had a blood pressure of 225/153 and it "was felt to have
acute pulmonary edema and chronic kidney disease stage III to IV, and also
macrocytic anemia." (Tr. 318). Plaintiff [*8]  reported drinking alcohol
socially and that he had not been taking any medication for several months
because he lost his medical coverage when he lost his job. (Tr. 314). Upon
examination Dr. Odeyemi noted that Plaintiff was in "mild respiratory distress,"
that his extremities revealed "bipedal edema, pitting, 2+," and that did not
have any blurred vision or vision changes. (Tr. 321). Dr. Charles noted that a
bilateral renal ultrasound revealed "nodular necrosis," informed Plaintiff that
he had chronic kidney disease and that he needed to follow up with the renal
department, but Plaintiff refused. (Tr. 318-19). Plaintiff "claimed that he
would probably followup with [renal experts] as an outpatient" and it was noted
that Plaintiff has insurance and stated that he would will follow up for further
evaluation of his kidney disease. (Tr. 319). His discharged diagnosis included
chronic end-stage kidney disease stage III to IV. (Tr. 319).

On March 5, 2011, Plaintiff sought treatment for his hypertension, and requested
a refill of his medication which he had ran out of for the past four days and he
could not be seen by his primary care provider until the next appointment in a
month. (Tr. 324). [*9]  His blood pressure was 225/121 but was "otherwise
asymptomatic." (Tr. 324-25). It was observed that Plaintiff was ambulatory and
had a steady gait and he had no history of falling, and no ambulatory aid. (Tr.
325-326). Plaintiff's eyes were examined and it was nothing abnormal was noted.
(Tr. 326).

3. PMC Physician Associates- Cardiology: Karthik P. Sheka, M.D.

On May 25, 2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension
management and management of his heart failure. (Tr. 333). Plaintiff's blood
pressure was 156/94, examination revealed no gross motor deficits,
musculoskeletal examination was normal. (Tr. 333). Dr. Sheka opined that
Plaintiff's hypertension was "only marginally controlled," changed his
medications and referred him to a nephrologist because Dr. Sheka was worried
that Plaintiff was "heading towards dialysis." (Tr. 333).

On June 22, 2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for improved hypertension
management and for congestive heart failure due to diastolic dysfunction,
associated chronic kidney disease and hypertension. (Tr. 331-32). Plaintiff
reported doing generally well and denied dyspnea on exertion or leg edema. (Tr.
331). His blood pressure was 150/84, [*10]  examination revealed no gross motor
deficits, musculoskeletal examination was normal. (Tr. 331). Dr. Sheka opined
that Plaintiff's hypertension was "somewhat better controlled, and better at
home" and that no changes in his medications were needed. (Tr. 331).

On May 7, 2013, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment and refilling of his
medication. (Tr. 358). His blood pressure was 150/104, BMI was 36.94,
examination revealed no gross motor deficits, and the musculoskeletal
examination was normal. (Tr. 358). Dr. Sheka noted that Plaintiff's blood
pressure "is apparently better controlled at home than it is here" and strongly
advised him to see a nephrologist to follow his chronic kidney disease. (Tr.
358).

4. Pocono Medical Group: Solibe Ufondu, M.D.

On April 5, 2011, Plaintiff initiated care with the physician to address his
hypertension. (Tr. 351). Plaintiff's BMI was 40.90, blood pressure was 201/101,
and extremities revealed no edema. (Tr. 349). Plaintiff reported that he ran out
of his medication and was advised to resume his medication immediately. (Tr.
349). On April 19, 2011, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his
hypertension and reported that he felt better. (Tr. 349-50). Plaintiff's [*11]
BMI was 40.74, blood pressure was 139/75, and extremities revealed no edema.
(Tr. 349). Plaintiff was advised to get his blood work done. (Tr. 349). On June
20, 2011, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension and reported
experiencing joint pain. (Tr. 347-48). Plaintiff's BMI was 42.57, blood pressure
was 149/79, and extremities revealed no edema. (Tr. 347). Plaintiff was strongly
advised to get his blood work done and to return in three weeks. (Tr. 347-48).

On April 27, 2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension and
refill of his medications. (Tr. 345-46). Plaintiff reported not taking his
medication as instructed. (Tr. 345). Plaintiff's BMI was 41.42, blood pressure
was 171/101, and extremities revealed no edema. (Tr. 345). Plaintiff was advised
to resume his medication. (Tr. 345). On May 11, 2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up
treatment for his hypertension. (Tr. 343-44). Plaintiff's BMI was 41.42, blood
pressure was 160/81, and extremities revealed no edema. (Tr. 343). On June 8,
2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension. (Tr. 341-42).
Plaintiff's BMI was 41.35, blood pressure was 133/81, and extremities revealed
no edema. [*12]  (Tr. 341). On August 10, 2012, Plaintiff sought follow-up
treatment for his hypertension and for medication refill. (Tr. 339). His blood
pressure was 117/80 and extremities revealed no edema, but Plaintiff reported
knee pain for the past two weeks. (Tr. 339). On November 30, 2012, Plaintiff
sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension and it was noted that he has
been noncompliant with his medication. (Tr. 353-54). Plaintiff's BMI was 40.41,
blood pressure was 172/92, and extremities revealed no edema, however, Plaintiff
reported experiencing knee pains. (Tr. 353). Plaintiff was to follow-up in six
weeks. (Tr. 354).

On March 13, 2013, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension and
requested refilling of his medication. (Tr. 433-34). Plaintiff denied
experiencing blurry vision, his BMI was 38.92, blood pressure was 140/80, and
extremities revealed no edema, however, Plaintiff reported experiencing knee
pain. (Tr. 433). It was recommended for his next follow-up appointment to be in
two months. (Tr. 434).

On May 15, 2013, Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension. (Tr.
393-94). Plaintiff denied experiencing blurry vision, his BMI was 38.01, blood
pressure [*13]  was 140/80, and extremities revealed no edema, however,
Plaintiff reported experiencing knee pain. (Tr. 393). It was recommended for his
next follow-up appointment to be in three months. (Tr. 394). On July 17, 2013,
Plaintiff sought follow-up treatment for his hypertension. (Tr. 391-92).
Plaintiff denied experiencing blurry vision, his BMI was 37.86, blood pressure
was 120/80, and extremities revealed no edema, however, Plaintiff reported
experiencing knee pain. (Tr. 391-92). It was recommended for his next follow-up
appointment to be in four months. (Tr. 392).

5. Consultative Examination Report: Thomas W. McLaughlin, M.D.

On May 14, 2013, Plaintiff was evaluated by Dr. McLaughlin for alleged
cerebrovascular accident ("CVA"), congestive heart failure, rheumatoid
arthritis, hypertension, and chronic kidney disease. (Tr. 367). Dr. McLaughlin
stated that he reviewed records from Pocono Medical Center and from his family
doctor. (Tr. 371).

Plaintiff reported that he suffered a CVA in October 2008 and although he had no
leg weakness, he did have right eye problem since the CVA with degreed vision of
the right eye. (Tr. 367). Plaintiff reported that after a week of
hospitalization his left [*14]  arm paralysis markedly improved and currently
experienced mild weakness in the left arm. (Tr. 367). Plaintiff reported
experiencing diffuse arthralgia involving the legs, the knees, the toes, and the
back most affecting the knees. (Tr. 368). Dr. McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff
reported that he had "been given the diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis but [was]
on no specific antirheumatoid medications." (Tr. 368). Dr. McLaughlin also noted
that Plaintiff needed a cane to walk and "[could not] go without the cane." (Tr.
368). Plaintiff reported that during the flare-ups of his arthritic symptoms, he
has severe pain, swelling and stiffness such that it he is unable to get out of
the bed. (Tr. 368).

Plaintiff described the flare-up paint as ten out of ten sharp pain which
worsened with movement and cold and rainy weather, and is unrelated to the time
of day. (Tr. 368). Plaintiff reported never having arthrocentesis or
intraarticular injections, and his knees do not lock up or give way. (Tr. 368).
Plaintiff reported a history of congestive cardiomyopathy and subsequently
taking medication as a result. (Tr. 368). Plaintiff reported dyspnea on exertion
of one flight of stairs or one half block, [*15]  however, his exercise
tolerance is markedly affected by his joint pain. (Tr. 368). Plaintiff reported
experiencing paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea about once per week and that he has no
peripheral edema while he is on diarrheic and no exertional chest pain. (Tr.
368). Plaintiff reported that he also has a history of chronic kidney disease
and is a candidate for dialysis according to his nephrologist. (Tr. 368).
Plaintiff reported that he uses alcohol occasionally and lives by himself. (Tr.
369). Plaintiff reported that he last worked in 2008 at the New York Stock
Exchange. (Tr. 369).

Upon examination Dr. McLaughlin observed that Plaintiff had a "markedly antalgic
gait using a cane which he cannot go without." Dr. McLaughlin observed that
Plaintiff:


     could not lie down for the examination due to the diffuse pain and the
     examination was conducted standing up. He needed the assistance of the
     cane to rise from the seated position. He was unable to step up and
     down from the examination table. He was not able to assume the supine
     position. [Plaintiff was] able to understand normal spoken speech and
     follow instructions and has a good knowledge of recent and remote
     medical history.


(Tr. 369). Plaintiff's [*16]  BMI was 39, initial blood pressure was 182/114,
repeat blood pressure was 180/110, and final blood pressure was 180/110. (Tr.
369). Dr. McLaughlin noted that:
     [u]ndilated funduscopic examination reveals there are hypertensive
     changes with hemorrhages and exudates on the right eye. The left eye
     showed AV crossing changes. Visual acuity is 20/200 in the right eye
     and 20/25 in the left eye, without corrective lenses. Visual fields
     are normal by confrontation.



(Tr. 369).

Upon examination of the extremities, Dr. McLaughlin observed that there was:


     no evidence of pedal edema, clubbing, cyanosis or calf tenderness.
     Homans sign is negative bilaterally. There is no evidence of
     peripheral vascular insufficiency or chronic venous stasis changes. .
     . . Peripheral pulses [were] normal. Femoral could not be palpated as
     the examination was done in the seated position. There are no arterial
     bruits noted. Straight leg raising could not be determined. Sitting
     root test [was] negative bilaterally.


(Tr. 369).

Dr. McLaughlin also observed that the shoulders, elbows, hands and wrists were
non-tender, and without any redness, swelling or warmth. (Tr. 370-71). Plaintiff
was able to make a fist bilaterally, open a jar, open [*17]  a door, pick up
coins, write, and use the hands to button and unbutton without problem. (Tr.
371). Dr. McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff's "grip strength measures 30 kg of
force on the right and 14 kg of force on the left." (Tr. 371). Dr. McLaughlin
also observed that:


     Examination of the knees reveals no tenderness, redness, warmth,
     swelling, effusion, laxity, crepitus, or clicks. . . . Examination of
     the hips reveal no tenderness to palpation. . . . Examination of the
     dorsolumbar spine reveals normal curvature. There is no evidence of
     paravertebral muscle spasm. Percussion of the spinous processes is not
     associated with tenderness. [Plaintiff] is not able to stand on one
     leg at a time. The right leg measures 45 cm at mid calf and 56 cm at
     mid thigh. The left leg measures 45 cm at mid calf and 56 cm at mid
     thigh. The right arm measures 30 cm at mid biceps and 29 cm at mid
     forearm. The left arm measures 30 cm at mid biceps and 29 cm at mid
     forearm. There is no evidence of muscle weakness or atrophy noted.


(Tr. 371). Dr. McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff "was awake, alert and oriented to
time, place, and person and was able to engage in appropriate conversation,
answer questions appropriately [*18]  and follow directions. (Tr. 371). Dr.
McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff was not able to walk on the heels, not able to
walk on the toes, not able to walk heel-to-toe and he could not squat. (Tr.
371). Plaintiff had 4/5 strength in the left upper extremity and 5/5 strength
throughout. (Tr. 371). Deep tendon reflexes were normal. (Tr. 371).

Dr. McLaughlin opined that Plaintiff had: 1) status-post right CVA with residual
left arm weakness and decreased vision in the right eye; 2. rheumatoid arthritis
with multiple joint involvement; 3) hypertension; 4) hypertensive and congestive
cardiomyopathy; 5) chronic kidney disease; 6) obesity; 7) hyperlipidemia; and,
8) decreased vision in the right eye. (Tr. 372).

Dr. McLaughlin attached a Range of Motion form and a Medical Source Statement
form. (Tr. 374-81). Dr. McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff had; 1) full range of
motion for his shoulders, elbows, ankles, and wrists, bilaterally; 2) a right
knee flexion and extension from ten to ninety degrees and a left knee flexion
and extension from zero to ninety degrees out of a full range of zero to 150
degrees; 3) for the lumbar region, flexion-extension to sixty degrees out of
ninety, and a right and left [*19]  lateral flexion of ten out of twenty; 4) for
the cervical region, full lateral flexion, general flexion and extension of
twenty degrees out of thirty degrees, and a right and left rotation for forty
degrees out of forty-five degrees; 5) and Dr. McLaughlin could not measure the
range of motion for the hips. (Tr. 380-81).

McLaughlin opined that Plaintiff could occasionally lift and carry up to ten
pounds and never lift or carry anything eleven pounds or greater. (Tr. 374). Dr.
McLaughlin opined that Plaintiff could sit for two hours, stand for one hour and
walk for thirty minutes at a given time and opined that Plaintiff could sit six
hours, stand four hours, and walk one hour in a work day. (Tr. 375). Dr.
McLaughlin opined that it was medically necessary for Plaintiff to use a cane to
ambulate, could not ambulate any distance without a cane, and could not use his
free hand to carry small objects without a cane. (Tr. 375).

Dr. McLaughlin noted that Plaintiff was left-hand dominant and opined that
Plaintiff could frequently reach overhead, reach in general, handle, finger, and
feel with his right hand, and occasionally push and pull with his right hand.
(Tr. 376). According to Dr. McLaughlin, [*20]  Plaintiff could occasionally
reach in all directions, handle, finger, feel, push, and pull. (Tr. 376). Dr.
McLaughlin opined that Plaintiff could occasionally operate foot controls with
his right and left feet. (Tr. 376). Dr. McLaughlin also opined that Plaintiff
could never climb stairs, ramps, ladders, and scaffolds, and could never
balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. (Tr. 377). Dr. McLaughlin opined that
Plaintiff had a visual impairment which made him unable to read very small
print, and could not determine the differences in shape and color of small
objects such as screws, nuts, and bolts. (Tr. 377). However, Plaintiff was still
able to avoid ordinary workplace hazards and obstacles, could read ordinary
newspaper print, and could view a computer screen. (Tr. 377).

Dr. McLaughlin opined that Plaintiff could: 1) never be exposed to unprotected
heights, humidity, or extreme cold; 2) occasionally be around moving mechanical
parts, operate a moving vehicle, be exposed to extreme heat, or vibrations; and,
3) frequently be exposed to dust, odors, and pulmonary irritants. (Tr. 378). Dr.
McLaughlin wrote that Plaintiff could: 1) shop; 2) travel independently; 3)
ambulate without using [*21]  a wheelchair, walker, two canes or two crutches;
4) could prepare simple meals and feed himself; 5) care for his personal
hygiene; and, 6) sort, handle, and use paper. (Tr. 379). Dr. McLaughlin opined
that the above-described limitations have lasted or would last for twelve months
consecutively. (Tr. 379).

6. Alex Siegel, Ph D.

On May 30, 2013, Dr. Siegel opined:


     [Plaintiff] alleges memory loss on the 3368. In the 3373, [Plaintiff]
     reported difficulty with concentration and attention. At a recent
     physical CE, Dr. McLaughlin reported [Plaintiff's] cognitive
     functioning and affect was intact [Plaintiff's] PCP does not indicate
     any cognitive difficulties for the claimant. There is no evidence of
     any psychiatric diagnosis or treatment in the record.


(Tr. 108).

7. S. Latchamsetty, M.D.

On July 2, 2013, Dr. Latchamsetty noted that Plaintiff's past relevant work from
June 1986 to June 2006 was DOT Title "Margin Clerk I" with code 216.362-042 and
customer service representative from June 2006 to October 2008. (Tr. 112). Based
on the June 4, 2013 RFC assessment by Dr. Smith, Dr. Latchamsetty opined that
Plaintiff had an RFC to perform his past relevant work as generally performed in
the national [*22]  economy. (Tr. 112). Dr. Latchamsetty determined that
Plaintiff was not disabled and that there was no evidence of any substance abuse
disorder or DAA issue. (Tr. 112). Dr. Latchamsetty stated that Plaintiff's claim
was denied based on and RFC reflecting medical vocational factors of light work.
(Tr. 107). Dr. Latchamsetty summarized Plaintiff's medical history and stated
that the it was unclear what were the reasons for Plaintiff walking with a cane
and mobility problems that were observed during Dr. McLaughlin' May 2013
evaluation. (Tr. 107). Dr. Latchamsetty opined that "[t]here are no significant
objective findings on exam to support this level of mobility impairment" and
recommended clarification of Dr. McLaughlin' May 2013 mobility findings. (Tr.
107). Dr. Latchamsetty concluded that:


     Current evidence from treating source is needed regarding current
     symptoms, treatment, lab work and x-ray report of most involved joints
     to assess severity of arthritis and it's impact on ambulation. Without
     this evidence accurate RFC and credibility cannot be assessed.


(Tr. 107).

8. Catherine Smith, M.D.

On June 4, 2013, Dr. Smith opined that Plaintiff could 1) occasionally lift
and/or carry twenty pounds, [*23]  frequently lift and/ or carry ten pounds; 2)
stand and/or walk (with normal breaks) for a total of about 6 hours in an 8-hour
workday; 3) sit for a total of six hours in an eight-hour workday; 5) unlimited
ability to push and pull hand or foot controls; 6) occasionally climb ramps or
stairs, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, and never crawl. (Tr. 109-110). Dr. Smith
opined that Plaintiff did not have any manipulative, visual, or communicative
limitations, however, opined that Plaintiff should avoid concentrated exposure
to extreme heat or cold, wetness, humidity, noise, vibration, fumes, odors, poor
ventilation, and hazards. (Tr. 110-11).

In support of Dr. Smith's RFC opinion, she cited Plaintiff's medical conditions,
the May 2013 examination report from Dr. McLaughlin, and partial credibility to
Plaintiff's ADLs in sharing custody of a child, cooking, doing chores, shopping,
and driving. (Tr. 111). Dr. Smith elaborated as support for her findings: 1) the
2008 cerebral CVA with left-sided weakness and acute kidney injury; 2) Dr.
Ufondu noting on November 30, 2012 a history of hypertensive cardiomyopathy and
diastolic dysfunction, and chronic kidney disease (Tr. 353-54); 3) Dr.
McLaughlin's [*24]  consultative evaluation dated May 14, 2013, noting that
Plaintiff was not on rheumatoid arthritis medication, dyspnea on exertion after
climbing one flight of stairs, lives alone, markedly antalgic gait using cane
and needed it to arise from the chair, combined with other normal findings (Tr.
368). (Tr. 111).

On August 22, 2013, Dr. Smith again reviewed Plaintiff's record and opined that
Plaintiff: 1) could occasionally lift and/or carry twenty pounds, frequently
lift and/ or carry ten pounds; 2) could stand and/or walk (with normal breaks)
for a total of about 6 hours in an 8-hour workday; 3) could sit for a total of
six hours in an eight-hour work day; 4) was limited in the right lower extremity
in his ability to push and pull foot controls due to his persistent right knee
and ankle symptoms; 5) could occasionally climb ramps or stairs, balance, stoop,
kneel, crouch, and never crawl or climb ladders. (Tr. 140-41). Dr. Smith opined
that with regards to vision, Plaintiff had unlimited field of vision and near
acuity, while having limited far acuity in the right eye and limited depth
perception bilaterally. (Tr. 141). Dr. Smith opined that Plaintiff did not have
any manipulative or communicative [*25]  limitations, however, opined that
Plaintiff should avoid concentrated exposure to extreme heat or cold, wetness,
humidity, noise, vibration, fumes, odors, poor ventilation, and hazards. (Tr.
141-42).

In support her RFC opinion, Dr. Smith cited Plaintiff's medical conditions, the
May 2013 examination report from Dr. McLaughlin, and partial credibility to
Plaintiff's ADLs in sharing custody of a child, cooking, doing chores, shopping,
and driving. (Tr. 142). Dr. Smith elaborated as support for her findings: 1) the
2008 cerebral CVA with left-sided weakness and acute kidney injury; 2) Dr.
Ufondu treatment notes from November 2012, May 2013, July 2013; 3) Dr.
McLaughlin's consultative evaluation dated May 14, 2013, noting that Plaintiff
was not on rheumatoid arthritis medication, dyspnea on exertion after climbing
one flight of stairs, lives alone, markedly antalgic gait using cane and needed
it to arise from the chair, combined with other normal findings. (Tr. 142). Dr.
Smith also determined that Plaintiff's past relevant work from June 1986 to June
2006 fell under DOT Title "floor broker" with DOT code 162.167-034 and customer
service representative from June 2006 to October 2008. (Tr. [*26]  143). Dr.
Smith opined that Plaintiff had an RFC to perform his past relevant work as
generally performed in the national economy. (Tr. 143). Dr. Smith determined
that Plaintiff was not disabled and that there was no evidence of any substance
abuse disorder or DAA issue. (Tr. 144).

Again on October 25, 2013, Dr. Smith reviewed Plaintiff's record. (Tr. 156-59).
Dr. Smith indicated that she gave great weight to the consultative examinations
from May 14, 2013, and October 11, 2013, noting that each "[r]elied heavily" on
Plaintiff's subjective report. (Tr. 157). Dr. Smith's opinion was mostly the
same as the one rendered on August 22, 2013, (compare Tr. 140-44 with Tr.
156-59) with the exception that she indicated that plaintiff did not have any
visual limitations (Tr. 158) but still notes that he has a right eye problem
(Tr. 159), an opinion which she had previously expressed in her original RFC
assessment rendered on June 4, 2013 (Tr. 110-11).

9. Psychiatric Review Technique: John Rohar, Ph.D.

On August 21, 2013, Dr. Rohar reviewed Plaintiff's medical records and concluded
that Plaintiff had an organic mental disorder that did not satisfy the criteria
for Listing 12.02 and that Plaintiff's mental [*27]  impairments presented no
restriction of ADLs, no difficulties in maintaining social functioning, mild
difficulties in maintaining concentration, persistence or pace, and that
Plaintiff did not experience repeated episodes of decompensation, each of
extended duration. (Tr. 121). Dr. Rohar opined that the evidence did not
establish the presence of any "C" criteria for Listing 12.02. (Tr. 121). In
support of his findings Dr. Rohar explained that Plaintiff had a "remote
[history] of CVA. ADL's [were] largely intact. No reference to a [history of
mental health treatment]." (Tr. 121).

On October 22, 2013, Dr. Rohar reviewed Plaintiff's medical records. (Tr.
145-56). Dr. Rohar addressed other opinions that placed greater restrictions on
Plaintiff's abilities. (Tr. 159-60). Dr. Rohar stated that the consultative
examinations May 14, 2013, and October 11, 2013, presented "an overestimate[ion]
of the severity of [Plaintiff's] restrictions /limitations and based only on a
snapshot of the individual's functioning." (Tr. 159-60). Identical to Dr.
Smith's August 22, 2013, opinion (143), Dr. Rohar determined that Plaintiff's
past relevant work from June 1986 to June 2006 fell under DOT Title "floor
broker" with  [*28] DOT code 162.167-034 and customer service representative
from June 2006 to October 2008. (Tr. 160). Dr. Rohar opined that Plaintiff had
an RFC to perform his past relevant work as generally performed in the national
economy. (Tr. 161). Dr. Rohar determined that Plaintiff was not disabled and
that there was no evidence of any substance abuse disorder or DAA issue. (Tr.
161).

10. Nepa Imaging Center, Consultative Examination Report: Jonathon Sullum, M.D.

On October 11, 2013, Dr. Sullum interpreted X-rays of Plaintiff's right knee and
described:


     AP and lateral views reveal a well-preserved joint space. There are
     small degenerative marginal spurs laterally. There is no sign of
     recent or remote fracture. Lateral view reveals mild soft tissue
     fullness in the suprapatellar bursa. Patellofemoral Joint appears
     preserved.


(Tr. 399). Dr. Sullum concluded that Plaintiff had "mild osteoarthritis
involving the lateral joint compartment," and "small joint effusion." (Tr. 399).


11. Consultative Examination Report: Rosemary Szollas, M.D.

On October 11, 2013, Plaintiff was evaluated by Dr. Szollas. (Tr. 402-420). Dr.
Szollas reviewed "several primary care and cardiology office notes," report of
lab results ordered [*29]  on 05/07/2013, and an undated EKG report with no
abnormalities noted. (Tr. 408-09). Plaintiff reported a history of congestive
heart failure (CHF), a stroke in 2008, arthritis in the lower extremities and
hands, memory disturbances, hypertension with severe uncontrolled blood pressure
for the past 10+ years, and complaints of visual difficulties with regards to
the right eye since his stroke in 2008. (Tr. 402). Plaintiff reported that his
medications control his CHF. (Tr. 402). Plaintiff reported hospitalizations in
2009 and 2010 as a result of the congestive heart failure. (Tr. 403). In 2010
Plaintiff reported having a GI bleed which resulted in a significant amount of
blood loss and a transfusion and caused an exacerbation of his congestive heart
failure. (Tr. 403). Plaintiff did not report experiencing lower leg swelling,
paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, or any palpitations when questioned. (Tr. 403).

Plaintiff reported shortness of breath on exertion, specifically stating that he
could only walk approximately 200 feet until he has severe shortness of breath
and weakness and he has to stop and rest. (Tr. 403). Plaintiff reported that
after climbing up one flight of stairs he has significant [*30]  shortness of
breath to the point where he must rest before he can go on. (Tr. 403). Plaintiff
denied any near syncope or syncope with shortness of breath. (Tr. 403). When
asked if he was aware of the etiology of his congestive heart failure, Plaintiff
believed the cause to be due to his severe uncontrolled high blood pressure.
(Tr. 403).

Plaintiff reported that due to the October 2008 stroke, he experienced some left
upper extremity paralysis and some right visual acuity difficulties since the
stroke. (Tr. 403). Plaintiff reported "no residual paralysis defects as a result
of the stroke in terms of function of his extremities . . . however, [he
reported] right-sided visual field shadiness or fogginess, or an unclear visual
field which has been constant since 2008." (Tr. 403). Dr. Szollas noted
allegations of arthritis in the lower extremities and upper extremities
manifested as bouts of inflammation and swelling of the right ankle and knee, to
the point where it has caused him to be non-ambulatory due to pain. (Tr. 404).
Plaintiff reported that his intermittent flare-ups which occur approximately
monthly and can last up to seven days, where the right knee or ankle becomes
very swollen [*31]  and painful. (Tr. 404). Plaintiff denied having a current
diagnosis of gout although it was considered in the past, and Dr. Szollas noted
that she had no records to confirm or deny the diagnosis of gout. (Tr. 404).
Plaintiff reported that in the past a physician diagnosed him with rheumatoid
arthritis. (Tr. 404).

Plaintiff reported a history of memory problems and difficulty remembering
things since the stroke in 2008. (Tr. 404). Plaintiff denied any loss of losing
his way or forgetfulness in terms of individuals or family members, however, he
does report forgetting daily tasks and daily schedules. (Tr. 404). Dr. Szollas
noted that although Plaintiff had been apparently well controlled in terms of
his congestive heart failure:


     I have no indication or reports of control of his chronic renal
     failure. He was advised apparently to seek treatment by a nephrologist
     but he reports he does not have the money to do so. He states that his
     primary care physician recommended he see a nephrologist and his
     cardiologist recommended this as well.


(Tr. 404).

Upon examination, Dr. Szollas observed that Plaintiff came without ambulatory
aids and ambulated into the examination room with a normal gait which [*32]  was
"not unsteady, lurching or unpredictable." (Tr. 406). Plaintiff was able to
"stand unassisted and able to rise from the seated position and step up and down
from the examination table without difficulty or assistive devices." (Tr. 406).
Dr. Szollas observed that Plaintiff "appeared comfortable both in the seated and
supine position" and was "able to understand normal spoken speech and follow
instructions and has a good knowledge of recent and remote medical history."
(Tr. 406). Plaintiff's initial blood pressure was 140/88 and BMI was 36. (Tr.
406). With regards to Plaintiff's eyes and vision Dr. Szollas observed:


     The pupils are equal, round, and react to light and accommodation. The
     extraocular muscles are intact. There is no scleral icterus. Undilated
     funduscopio examination reveals no evidence of hypertensive or
     diabetic retinopathy. Visual acuity is 20/30 in the left eye. The
     claimant seated he has no visual ability in the right eye when visual
     acuity was tested. He states he cannot perform this exam in the right
     eye. Testing was done without corrective lenses. Peripheral visual
     field testing was performed in the examination room and was within
     normal limits on both the right [*33]  and left sides.


(Tr. 406). Dr. Szollas also observed that the shoulders, elbows, hands, and
wrists were nontender and without any redness, swelling or warmth. (Tr. 407).
Plaintiff was able to make a fist bilaterally, open a jar, open a door, pick up
coins, write, and use the hands to button and unbutton without problem. (Tr.
407). Plaintiff's grip strength measured stronger on the right than on the left.
(Tr. 407). Examination of the hips, ankles and knees revealed no tenderness,
redness or warmth, no laxity, crepitus, or clicks. (Tr. 407-08). However, Dr.
Szollas noted that "[t]here was a mild degree of generalized swelling throughout
the [right] knee but no effusion noted. (Tr. 407). Evaluation of the dorsolumbar
spine revealed no abnormalities and Plaintiff was able to stand on one leg at a
time without difficulty. (Tr. 408). Dr. Szollas also found 5/5 strength in the
upper and lower extremities bilaterally and that there was no evidence of muscle
weakness or atrophy. (Tr. 408). Dr. Szollas also observed that Plaintiff was
able to walk on the heels, walk on the toes, and walk heel-to-toe and squat
without difficulty. (Tr. 408).

Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff had: 1) chronic congestive [*34]  heart
failure; 2) severe chronic hypertension; 3) chronic renal failure; 4) history of
cerebrovascular accident in 2008; 5) bilateral leg arthritis of unknown type; 6)
memory loss; 7) hypercholesterolemia. (Tr. 409). Dr. Szollas recommended that
Plaintiff seek nephrology consultation regarding management of his chronic renal
disease and that Plaintiff:


     should undergo more extensive evaluation with regards to right eye and
     left eye examination due to visual field complaints, as our
     examination was inconclusive regarding the right eye. Again, during
     the examination today peripheral field visual testing was within
     normal limits in both the right and left eye, however, the Snellen eye
     exam was not performed per [Plaintiff] stating an inability to perform
     that exam in the right eye.


(Tr. 409).

Dr. Szollas attached a Range of Motion form and a Medical Source Statement form.
(Tr. 412-19). Dr. Szollas noted that Plaintiff had; 1) full range of motion for
his shoulders, elbows, ankles, wrists, and hips bilaterally; 2) flexion and
extension up to 140 degrees for both knees; 3) for the lumbar region,
flexion-extension to eighty degrees out of ninety, and full right and left
lateral flexion; and, [*35]  4) for the cervical region, left and right lateral
flexion of thirty degrees out of forty, full general flexion and extension of
twenty degrees out of thirty degrees, and a right and left rotation for forty
degrees out of forty-five degrees. (Tr. 412-13).

Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff could occasionally lift up to fifty pound,
never lift anything fifty-one pounds or greater, could occasionally carry up to
twenty pounds and never carry anything twenty-one pounds or greater. (Tr. 414).
In support of this opinion Dr. Szollas cites Plaintiff's reported history of CHF
and dyspnea. (Tr. 414). Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff could sit for six
hours, stand for two hours and walk for twenty minutes at a given time and
opined that Plaintiff could sit six hours, stand two hours, and walk ten to
twenty minutes in a work day. (Tr. 415). Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff did
not need to use a cane to ambulate. (Tr. 415).

Dr. Szollas noted that Plaintiff was left-hand dominant and opined that
Plaintiff could frequently reach overhead, reach in general, handle, finger,
feel, push and pull with both hands. (Tr. 416). In support for her opinion, Dr.
Szollas stated that Plaintiff had not demonstrated [*36]  physical findings that
would limit his ability to do the above-mentioned tasks. (Tr. 416).

Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff could occasionally operate foot controls with
his right and left feet, citing that Plaintiff reported intermittent severe
exacerbations of pain, swelling, and arthritis of the lower extremities. (Tr.
416). Dr. Szollas also opined that Plaintiff could occasionally climb ladders
and scaffolds, kneel, and crawl and could frequently climb stairs and ramps,
balance, stoop, and crouch. (Tr. 417). Dr. Szollas explained that these
limitations reflect Plaintiff's report of shortness of breath upon exertion,
history of CHF, and lower extremity pain and swelling. (Tr. 417).

Dr. Szollas indicated that Plaintiff's impairments do not affect his vision
explaining that although Plaintiff reported difficulty with visual acuity in the
right eye, such was not clearly demonstrated upon examination. (Tr. 417). Thus
Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff was able to read very small print and view a
computer screen with the left eye and indicated it is unclear of his ability to
do the same with the right eye. (Tr. 417). Dr. Szollas further opined that
Plaintiff could avoid ordinary workplace [*37]  hazards and obstacles, could
read ordinary newspaper print, and determine differences in shape and color of
small objects. (Tr. 417).

Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff: 1) could never be exposed to unprotected
heights; 2) could occasionally be around humidity or vibrations; and, 3) could
frequently operate a moving vehicle, could be exposed to moving mechanical
parts, be exposed to extreme heat or cold, dust, odors, and pulmonary irritants.
(Tr. 418). Dr. Szollas wrote that Plaintiff could: 1) shop; 2) travel
independently; 3) ambulate without using a wheelchair, walker, two canes or two
crutches; 4) could prepare simple meals and feed himself; 5) care for his
personal hygiene; and, 6) sort, handle, and use paper. (Tr. 419). Dr. Szollas
opined that the above-described limitations have lasted or would last for twelve
months consecutively. (Tr. 419).

C. Self-Reports and Testimony

In a function report dated March 18, 2013, Plaintiff reported that he
"constantly" experience pain in his joints. (Tr. 215). Plaintiff detailed that
it was very difficult to walk at times and due to his congestive heart failure,
he is completely out of breath. (Tr. 215). Plaintiff stated that his eyesight
had been [*38]  damaged since his stroke and it was very difficult to read fine
print. (Tr. 215). Plaintiff wrote that he could no longer walk or run and that
he also used to be a singer in a band and can no longer do that due to his
medical impairments. (Tr. 216). According to Plaintiff his joint pain prevents
him from sleeping and occasionally his breathing problems wake him up. (Tr.
216). Plaintiff indicated that he has no problem with personal care. (Tr. 216).
Plaintiff stated that he constantly needs reminders to take his blood pressure
medicine. (Tr. 217). Plaintiff reported that he makes sandwiches once a day due
to the fact that he is not able to stand for a long period of time. (Tr. 217).
Plaintiff does laundry once a week, if he can walk to the washer and does
ironing. (Tr. 217). Plaintiff indicated that he does not do house or yard work
because of his pain, dizziness, and always being out of breath. (Tr. 218).
Plaintiff reported that he goes outside once a week due to the difficulties of
going up and down the stairs to his third-story apartment. (Tr. 218). Plaintiff
says that he can climb one flight of stairs before he is winded and he holds on
to the bannister and pulls himself up one [*39]  step at a time. (Tr. 220).
Plaintiff said that he could walk about fifty feet before needing to stop and
rest for long enough for his heart to stop pounding. (Tr. 220).

Plaintiff wrote that when he goes out, he travels by car, he cannot travel a
long distance, and he goes out once a week for food and once every three months
for medication. (Tr. 218). Plaintiff reported that his is able to handle his
finances. (Tr. 218).

Plaintiff reports that for socializing he only does activities with his son
which includes using his cane to go out to the movies twice a week. (Tr. 219).
Plaintiff reported that his entire social life has been destroyed by the onset
of his disability and that he does not socialize anymore. (Tr. 220). Plaintiff
reported that he could not pay attention for long and that he "drift[s] off,"
that he does not finish what he starts, such as conversations, reading, or
watching a movie, and he does not follow written instructions well, and he could
follow spoken instructions only if he remembers them. (Tr. 220). Plaintiff
reported that he does not handle stress well due to his severe high blood
pressure, he does not handle changes well, and he is now afraid that he will die
and experiences [*40]  depression. (Tr. 221).

Plaintiff reported that he uses crutches, cane, brace/splint, and glasses, and
that the cane and crutches were approximately prescribed around 2009. (Tr. 221).
Plaintiff reported that he uses an ambulatory device whenever the weather is
humid and exacerbates his joint pain and sometimes to aid in standing up and
walking. (Tr. 221). Plaintiff reported that his medication side effects include
impaired judgement, dizziness, and extreme drowsiness. (Tr. 222). Plaintiff
reported that the because of his illness he is afraid to do normal activities
out of fear that such activities would exacerbate his symptoms, and even the
function reported was filled out by his girlfriend as he dictated since he was
unable to compete the form on his own. (Tr. 222). Plaintiff reported that the
onset of his disability was when he had a stroke on October 31, 2008, which
brought on joint pain to his toes, ankles, knees, and wrists. (Tr. 223).
Plaintiff reported that he experiences daily pain and flare-ups in his legs can
last more than eight days. (Tr. 223).

In a work history report dated February 13, 2013, Plaintiff indicated that his
past work from June 2006 to October 2008 as a customer [*41]  service
representative generally entailed two hours of walking, two hours of standing,
four hours of siting, the use of machines or equipment, technical knowledge, and
writing. (Tr. 229). For his previous job as a floor operations clerk from June
1986 to June 2006, Plaintiff described that he would walk or stand for eight
hours and no sitting was allowed. (Tr. 230). Plaintiff reported that he would
need to crouch for about an hour a day, occasionally handle big objects, used a
computer and wrote as a part of the job. (Tr. 230). Plaintiff did not have to
reach, kneel, crawl, or handle small objects. (Tr. 230). In this position
Plaintiff had to lift boxes of work that was over 150 pounds at least once a
month. (Tr. 230).

On April 23, 2014, Plaintiff testified during a hearing before the ALJ. (Tr.
53-100). Plaintiff testified that he drives once a week and goes grocery
shopping once a month by himself, with a neighbor occasionally helping him bring
his groceries up to his home. (Tr. 58, 62-63). Plaintiff has weekend custody of
his 13-yr-old child. (Tr. 59). Plaintiff reported that he watches the television
most of the day and uses his child's iPad to see what his old band is doing and
[*42]  look up movies. (Tr. 63-64). Plaintiff reported that he used to walk
around the mall with his son, but more recently, he is in pain and cannot walk
around as much so they spend fifteen to twenty minutes there. (Tr. 64).

Plaintiff testified that he received unemployment benefits for a year in 2008
and that he stopped working in 2008 because his employer was downsizing and they
let him go. (Tr. 59). Plaintiff testified that he no longer had health insurance
and ran out of money, could no longer afford to get his prescriptions filled,
and had last refilled his medication around seven months prior. (Tr. 61).
Plaintiff testified that he makes hamburgers, grills hotdogs, does light
cleaning, and does his own laundry in his apartment. (Tr. 62).

When the ALJ inquired if Plaintiff used a ramp or stairs to get to his home,
Plaintiff responded that he climbs "thirty-five steps," or three flights to get
to his apartment. (Tr. 57). When Plaintiff's attorney inquired about whether
there was any difficulties with climbing the stairs, Plaintiff responded that he
gets up the first seventeen steps before he has to stop at the landing for a
couple of minutes to catch his breath, then go up the next nine [*43]  steps and
take a shorter break, and then go up the final nine steps and must sit down in
his home to rest because he is out of breath. (Tr. 66-67). Plaintiff stated "I'm
totally out of breath. It's ridiculous." (Tr. 67). Plaintiff detailed that he
had to hold the railings to pull himself up the stairs and while going upstairs
is harder due to going against gravity, but going downstairs is hard on his
joints. (Tr. 67). Plaintiff testified that he experiences shortness of breath
every time he goes up and down the stairs and with exertion. (Tr. 67).

III. Legal Standards and Review of ALJ Decision

To receive disability or supplemental security benefits, a claimant must
demonstrate an "inability to engage in any substantial gainful activity by
reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be
expected to result in death or which has lasted or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than 12 months." 42 U.S.C. § 423(d)(1)(A); accord
42 U.S.C. § 1382c(a)(3)(A). A claimant for disability benefits must show that he
or she has a physical or mental impairment of such a severity that:


     [H]e is not only unable to do his previous work but cannot,
     considering his age, education, and work experience, engage [*44]  in
     any other kind of substantial gainful work which exists in the
     national economy, regardless of whether such work exists in the
     immediate area in which he lives, or whether a specific job vacancy
     exists for him, or whether he would be hired if he applied for work.


42 U.S.C. § 423(d)(2)(A); 42 U.S.C. § 1382c(a)(3)(B).

The Commissioner uses a five-step evaluation process to determine if a person is
eligible for disability benefits. 20 C.F.R. § 404.1520; accord Plummer, 186 F.3d
at 428. If the Commissioner finds that a Plaintiff is disabled or not disabled
at any point in the sequence, review does not proceed. 20 C.F.R. §
404.1520(a)(4). The Commissioner must sequentially determine: (1) whether the
claimant is engaged in substantial gainful activity; (2) whether the claimant
has a severe impairment; (3) whether the claimant's impairment meets or equals a
listed impairment; (4) whether the claimant's impairment prevents the claimant
from doing past relevant work; and, (5) whether the claimant's impairment
prevents the claimant from doing any other work. 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1520, 416.920.
Before moving on to step four in this process, the ALJ must also determine
Plaintiff's residual functional capacity ("RFC"). 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1520(e),
416.920(e).

The disability determination involves shifting burdens of proof. The claimant
bears the burden of proof at steps one through [*45]  four. See Mason v. Shalala
, 994 F.2d 1058, 1064 (3d Cir. 1993). If the claimant satisfies this burden,
then the Commissioner must show at step five that jobs exist in the national
economy that a person with the claimant's abilities, age, education, and work
experience can perform. Id. The ultimate burden of proving disability within the
meaning of the Act lies with the plaintiff. See 42 U.S.C. § 423(d)(5)(A); 20
C.F.R. § 416.912(a).

When reviewing the Commissioner's decision denying a claim for disability
benefits, the Court must uphold the findings of the Commissioner so long as
those findings are supported by substantial evidence. See Brown v. Bowen, 845
F.2d 1211, 1213 (3d Cir. 1988); Johnson v. Comm'r of Soc. Sec., 529 F.3d 198,
200 (3d Cir. 2008). Substantial evidence is a deferential standard of review.
See Jones v. Barnhart, 364 F.3d 501, 503 (3d Cir. 2004). Substantial evidence
"does not mean a large or considerable amount of evidence, but rather 'such
relevant evidence as a reasonable mind might accept as adequate to support a
conclusion.'" Pierce v. Underwood, 487 U.S. 552, 564, 108 S. Ct. 2541, 101 L.
Ed. 2d 490 (1988) (quoting Consolidated Edison Co. v. N.L.R.B., 305 U.S. 197,
229, 59 S. Ct. 206, 83 L. Ed. 126 (1938)). Substantial evidence requires only
'more than a mere scintilla' of evidence, Plummer v. Apfel, 186 F.3d 422, 427
(3d Cir. 1999) (quoting Ventura v. Shalala, 55 F.3d 900, 901 (3d Cir. 1995)),
and may be less than a preponderance. Jones, 364 F.3d at 503. If a reasonable
mind might accept the relevant evidence as adequate to support a conclusion
reached by the Commissioner, then the Commissioner's determination is supported
by substantial evidence. Monsour Med. Ctr. v. Heckler, 806 F.2d 1185, 1190 (3d
Cir. 1986); Hartranft v. Apfel, 181 F.3d 358, 360 (3d Cir. 1999); Johnson, 529
F.3d at 200.

IV. Analysis

A. Credibility

The ALJ stated that "[Plaintiff's] [*46]  statements concerning the intensity,
persistence and limiting effects of these symptoms are not entirely credible for
the reasons explained in this decision." (Tr. 17). Plaintiff argues that the
ALJ's above quoted boilerplate language is "insufficient to support an adverse
credibility finding as it is unreviewable." Pl. Brief at 14. Plaintiff argues
that "there is no way to determine which evidence was provided what weight by
the ALJ as it pertains to credibility of the Plaintiff." Pl. Brief at 14.

Where a medically determinable physical or mental impairment that could
reasonably be expected to produce the individual's pain or other symptoms,
however, the severity of which is not substantiated by objective medical
evidence, the ALJ must make a credibility finding on the claimant's subjective
statements. SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 4. The credibility finding must be based
on a consideration of the entire case record, considering several factors in
totality. SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 4; 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1529, 416.929; accord
Weidman v. Colvin, No. 3:14-CV-0552-MEM-GBC, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 156492, 2015
WL 6673830, at *24-33 (M.D. Pa. Aug. 7, 2015) report and recommendation adopted,
No. CV 3:14-552, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 133404, 2015 WL 5829788 (M.D. Pa. Sept.
30, 2015). There is a distinction between what an adjudicator must "consider"
and what the adjudicator must explain in the disability determination. [*47]
See SSR 06-03p, 2006 SSR LEXIS 5 (explaining that to "consider" means to provide
explanation sufficient for a "subsequent reviewer to follow the adjudicator's
reasoning"); Phillips v. Barnhart, 91 F. App'x 775, 780 n. 7 (3d Cir. 2004);
Francis v. Comm'r Soc. Sec. Admin., 414 F. App'x 802, 804 (6th Cir. 2011)
(social security regulations enumerating factors of an ALJ to consider "require
only that the ALJ's decision include 'good reasons' . . . not an exhaustive
factor-by-factor analysis").

If explanation allows meaningful judicial review, it suffices. See Christ the
King Manor, Inc. v. Sec'y U.S. Dep't of Health & Human Servs., 730 F.3d 291, 305
(3d Cir.2013) (Court may "uphold a decision of less than ideal clarity if the
agency's path may reasonably be discerned"); Jones v. Barnhart, 364 F.3d 501,
505 (3d Cir.2004) (ALJ is not required to "use particular language or adhere to
a particular format in conducting his analysis" and instead must only "ensure
that there is sufficient development of the record and explanation of findings
to permit meaningful review."); Varano v. Colvin, No. 3:14-CV-001467-GBC, 2015
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 138303, 2015 WL 5923615, at *9 (M.D. Pa. Oct. 9, 2015).
Although Plaintiff asserts that the ALJ's credibility determination is
"unreviewable," he has argued that the ALJ erred in his credibility finding with
regard to Plaintiff's inconsistent use of a cane, his subjective complaints, and
ability to climb stairs. Pl. Brief at 11-13, 16-17.

The ALJ observed that "[Plaintiff] has a very good work history with the same
company, however, he testified [*48]  that he stopped working because 'they let
me go, cutting back and downsizing' . . . [Plaintiff] collected unemployment
compensation for a year." (Tr. 14). It was permissible for the ALJ to consider
Plaintiff's work history, non-health related reasons for stopping work, and
motivation to work as factors in determining Plaintiff's credibility. See e.g.,
Kane v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-02469, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 43123, 2015 WL 1513960,
at *12 (M.D. Pa. Mar. 31, 2015) (noting that the plaintiff reported she was laid
off because there was "not enough work for her," not because she was unable to
work due to disability); Pachilis v. Barnhart, 268 F. Supp. 2d 473, 483 (E.D.
Pa. 2003) (finding that a claimant incentive or disincentive to work is a
permissible criterion bearing on his credibility).

Although Plaintiff argues that the ALJ did not cite enough contrary medical
evidence to support the ALJ's adverse credibility finding (Pl. Brief at 17-19);
the ALJ also relied on medical evidence to support Plaintiff's ability to work.
(Tr. 15-21). The ALJ summarize medical records indicating when Plaintiff's
symptoms were mild or stable, Plaintiff had a nearly full range of motion in all
major joint groups, had a normal gait, and where medical professionals opined
that Plaintiff could return to normal activity. (Tr. 15-17). The ALJ noted [*49]
that Plaintiff's alleged severity of symptoms contradicted with the observations
of Dr. Szollas during the October 2013 examination. (Tr. 18, 20). The ALJ also
highlighted how the alleged severity of Plaintiff's symptoms contradicted with
the May 2013 opinion of Dr. Siegel, the June 2013, and the August 2013, and
October 2013 opinions of Dr. Smith which enumerated Plaintiff's physical and
mental capabilities including the ability to remember, walk, sit, stand, and
manipulate objects. (Tr. 18-19). Resolving conflicting evidence, conflicting
medical opinions, and relying on the opinions of medical experts are proper
factors to be considered in the credibility assessment. See SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR
LEXIS 4; 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1527(e)(2)(i), 416.927(e)(2)(i) (state agency
physicians are "highly qualified" and "experts" in social security disability
evaluation).

The ALJ also noted inconsistencies between Plaintiff's reports and other
evidence in the record. (Tr. 14-20). The ALJ noted that although Plaintiff
"stated that he is not treating with any specialists because he does not have
insurance," he "made no attempt to go to a specialist for his kidney disease
even when he had insurance." (Tr. 14-15, 16). The ALJ also noted Plaintiff's
repeated noncompliance [*50]  with treatment. (Tr. 16-17). The ALJ noted that
"[Plaintiff] was able to follow instructions and he had a good knowledge of his
recent and remote medical history. This contradicts the claimant's testimony of
difficulty with memory." (Tr. 18).

Based on the above, the Court finds no reversible error in the ALJ's credibility
analysis.

B. Whether ALJ Impermissibly used Lay Interpretation

Plaintiff argues that the:


     ALJ offered only one basis supporting this credibility finding. (17).
     "[A]n x-ray of [Plaintiff's] right knee on October 11, 2013 showed
     mild osteoarthritis involving the lateral joint compartment and small
     joint effusion." (Tr. 17). The ALJ cited no evidence or authority that
     such objective findings do not support Mr. Ferrante's limitations.
     Instead, the ALJ implicitly attempted to interpret raw medical data
     (the October 11, 2013 xray). Such an attempt to review and interpret
     raw data by an ALJ is impermissible.


Pl. Brief at 13. The Court finds Plaintiff's argument unpersuasive. "Medical
opinions are statements from ... acceptable medical sources that reflect
judgments about the nature and severity of [a claimant's] impairment(s),
including ... symptoms, diagnosis and prognosis, what [*51]  [a claimant] can
still do despite impairment(s), and [a claimant's] physical or mental
restrictions." 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1527(a)(2), 416.927(a)(2); see also Wrights v.
Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-02516-GBC, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 62994, 2015 WL 2344948, at
*10 (M.D. Pa. May 14, 2015). As an initial matter, the ALJ was not interpreting
actual X-rays, rather the ALJ was citing the opinion of Dr. Sullum who
interpreted the X-rays and concluded that Plaintiff had "mild osteoarthritis
involving the lateral joint compartment," and "small joint effusion." (Tr. 399).
As discussed above, the ALJ cited many factors regarding Plaintiff's
credibility, including objective evidence, Plaintiff's ADLs, and medical
opinions, and inconsistencies in the evidence. The Court finds no reversible
error.

C. Characterization of Plaintiff's Stair Climbing Testimony

Plaintiff argues that the ALJ mischaracterizes Plaintiff's testimony regarding
his ability to climb stairs. Pl. Brief 15-17.

In the decision the ALJ noted that: Plaintiff "sometimes asks his neighbor to
help him carry the groceries up the stairs" (Tr. 12); Plaintiff "testified that
he is able to climb 35 steps to get to his third floor apartment where he lives
alone" (Tr. 14); "Dr. Smith opines that the claimant can occasionally . . .
climb ramps and stairs . . . ." (Tr. 19); and [*52]  although Dr. McLaughlin
opined that Plaintiff could never climb stairs, the ALJ found that such was
inconsistent with Plaintiff testifying that "he climbs stairs to the third floor
where his apartment is located and thus showing an ability to climb stairs" (Tr.
20).

Significantly, the ALJ gave weight to Dr. Smith's opinion which concluded that
Plaintiff could occasionally climb stairs and the ALJ included this assessment
in Plaintiff's RFC. The purpose of the ALJ highlighting that Plaintiff is
capable of climbing thirty-five stairs was to demonstrate why he gave less
weight to Dr. McLaughlin's opinion that Plaintiff could "never" climb stairs.
See (Tr. 20).

The Court finds no reversible error in the ALJ's assessment of Plaintiff's
ability to climb stairs.

D. Negative Evidence and Cane Usage

Plaintiff argues that:


     the ALJ relies upon a negative inference to support her failure to
     include the use of a cane in the RFC assessment. Specifically, the ALJ
     found that "there is no mention of the use of a cane in the records".
     (Tr. 17). This analysis too is in error. First, the ALJ fails to
     consider that while Plaintiff's primary care physician did not
     specifically state that a cane was required, [*53]  the primary care
     physician did not state that a cane is not required. This is an
     impermissible negative inference.


Pl. Brief at 11-12.

The Court finds that the use of negative evidence is permissible in SSA
adjudications and the ALJ's use of negative evidence was proper in this
instance. Cf. SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 4, (allowing adverse inference from lack
of treatment); AZ v. Shinseki, 731 F.3d 1303, 1315-18 (Fed. Cir. 2013); Fountain
v. McDonald, 27 Vet. App. 258, 272 (2015); Burnside v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-2554,
2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 6700, 2015 WL 268791, at *16 (M.D. Pa. Jan. 21, 2015)
(addressing adverse inference from lack of treatment).

The Federal Rules of Evidence are not binding on SSA adjudicators. See 42 U.S.C.
§ 405(b)(1); 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.950(c), 416.1450(c) ("The administrative law judge
may receive evidence at the hearing even though the evidence would not be
admissible in court under the rules of evidence used by the court."); Richardson
v. Perales, 402 U.S. 389, 400, 409-10, 91 S. Ct. 1420, 28 L. Ed. 2d 842 (1971)
("[S]trict rules of evidence, applicable in the courtroom, are not to operate at
social security hearings so as to bar the admission of evidence otherwise
pertinent").2 However, the Court finds that cases addressing the federal
negative evidence rule and its application to administrative agency
adjudications to be instructive. See AZ v. Shinseki, 731 F.3d 1303, 1315-18
(Fed. Cir. 2013) (addressing negative evidence rule to VA disability
determination); Donahue v. Barnhart, 279 F.3d 441, 446 (7th Cir. 2002)
(addressing expert witness rule to social security determination); Fountain v.
McDonald, 27 Vet. App. 258, 272 (2015) (addressing negative evidence rule to VA
disability [*54]  determination).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 See also Bayliss v. Barnhart, 427 F.3d 1211, 1218 at n.4 (9th Cir. 2005) ("The
Federal Rules of Evidence do not apply to the admission of evidence in Social
Security administrative proceedings."); Donahue v. Barnhart, 279 F.3d 441, 446
(7th Cir. 2002) (concluding that federal rule regarding expert testimony does
not apply to disability adjudications, yet the principles were still
instructive); Puckett v. Chater, 100 F.3d 730, 734 (10th Cir. 1996) ("Although
it would seem good practice to follow in an administrative hearing, the
applicable regulations do not require the ALJ to adhere to the Federal Rules of
Evidence."); Rocker v. Celebrezze, 358 F.2d 119, 122 (2d Cir. 1966) (observing
that "the trial examiner was not obliged to apply the rigid rules of evidence
utilized in a formal trial"); Bailey v. Astrue, No. CIV.A. 07-4595, 2009 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 18627, 2009 WL 577455, at *11 n.5 (E.D. Pa. Mar. 4, 2009); Henley v.
United States, 379 F. Supp. 1044, 1051 (M.D. Pa. 1974) ("We are well aware that
the rules of evidence applicable in a court are more stringent than those of an
administrative agency").
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Federal Circuit in AZ v. Shinseki, relied on the Federal Rules of Evidence
for persuasive authority as to how negative evidence rules should apply to ALJ
decisions in veteran disability claims. AZ v. Shinseki, 731 F.3d 1303, 1315-18
(Fed. Cir. 2013). The court in AZ v. Shinseki, detailed the history and
scholarship of the use of negative evidence in treatises, across the federal
courts applying "common law evidentiary principles," and in Rules 803(7) and
803(10) of the Federal Rules of Evidence. AZ v. Shinseki, 731 F.3d 1303, 1315-18
(Fed. Cir. 2013). The court in AZ v. Shinseki observed that the "absence of
certain evidence may [*55]  be pertinent if it tends to disprove (or prove) a
material fact." AZ v. Shinseki, 731 F.3d 1303, 1311 (Fed. Cir. 2013).3 In
Fountain v. McDonald, the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims
recognized that once there is a proper foundation an ALJ "may weigh a claimant's
lay statements against the absence of contemporary medical evidence." Fountain
v. McDonald, 27 Vet. App. 258, 272 (2015).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 The Third Circuit has recognized that the "negative evidence rule has been
adopted by the federal courts but by the weight of the decisions it has been so
formulated as to turn upon the circumstances of each individual case." Eiseman
v. Pennsylvania R. Co., 151 F.2d 222, 224 (3d Cir. 1945). In DeMarines, the
Third Circuit considered negative evidence as admissible but having less weight
than contradictory positive evidence. See DeMarines v. KLM Royal Dutch Airlines,
580 F.2d 1193, 1202 (3d Cir. 1978).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Where a sufficient foundation to consider negative evidence is met, an ALJ may
draw adverse inferences from the lack of treatment.4 Cf. SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR
LEXIS 4; Burnside v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-2554, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 6700, 2015
WL 268791, at *16 (M.D. Pa. Jan. 21, 2015). An ALJ provides a sufficient
foundation for negative evidence where the ALJ considered "other information in
the case record, that may explain" the silence in records or absence of medical
treatment. Cf. id. In other words, as long as an ALJ considered the reasons
giving rise to the negative evidence, an ALJ has made a proper foundation for
consideration [*56]  of negative evidence. See e.g., SSR 96-7p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 4
; Burnside v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-2554, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 6700, 2015 WL
268791, at *16 (M.D. Pa. Jan. 21, 2015) (discussing adverse inferences from the
lack of medical treatment require addressing possible reasons for the lack of
treatment); Fountain v. McDonald, 27 Vet. App. 258, 272 (2015) (discussing the
foundation for negative evidence). In this instance, the ALJ laid a proper
foundation by inquiring of Plaintiff his reason for not using the cane at the
hearing and noting Plaintiff's response that he uses the cane but left it in the
car. (Tr. 17). Such is sufficient to support an inference that the omissions of
Plaintiff's cane use in other records were also due to Plaintiff's volition.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 The Court finds that when there is proper foundation, negative evidence is
permissible and not the "speculative inference" disfavored in our jurisdiction.
See, e.g., Plummer v. Apfel, 186 F.3d 422, 429 (3d Cir. 1999) ("[A]n ALJ may not
make speculative inferences from medical reports"); Smith v. Califano, 637 F.2d
968, 972 (3d Cir. 1981).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In this instance, the ALJ did not err in noting that "there is no mention of the
use of a cane in the records from his primary care physician, cardiologist or at
the next consultative examination" because in the context of the ALJ's analysis,
this observation is to demonstrate a material fact of inconsistent use of the
cane, not that Plaintiff never used [*57]  a cane. Several courts have found
that an ALJ may draw an adverse inference from the inconsistent use of a cane.
See e.g., Cimini v. Colvin, No. CIV.A. 14-30048-MGM, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS
32706, 2015 WL 1206361, at *5 (D. Mass. Mar. 16, 2015) (substantial evidence
supports the ALJ's adverse inference from Plaintiff stating that she always used
her cane contrasting to medical evidence indicating that she had ceased using a
cane two months prior); Despas v. Colvin, No. C-14-0681 DMR, 2015 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 24999, 2015 WL 899953, at *6 (N.D. Cal. Mar. 2, 2015) (rejecting argument
that ALJ's inference and resolution of conflict in evidence was improper where
the ALJ found the plaintiff's testimony regarding the use of a cane inconsistent
with a medical report that noted the plaintiff did not use any assistive
devices); Bilak v. Colvin, No. 2:12-CV-05956, 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 112289, 2013
WL 4047733, at *10 & n.8 (D.N.J. Aug. 9, 2013) (determining that the ALJ
properly considered medical opinion evidence where the ALJ explained that the
doctor's opinion that the plaintiff needed a cane to ambulate was an
inconsistency with the record because there is no medical evidence that
plaintiff had any abnormality in her gait). The driving purpose for obtaining a
second consultative examination in October 2013 by Dr. Szollas was to address
Plaintiff's extreme [*58]  presentation of antalgic gait and use of a cane in
the initial May 2013 consultative examination by Dr. McLaughlin and because the
same symptoms where not shown consistently throughout the records. See (Tr. 107)
(Dr. Latchamsetty's opinion). In the initial disability determination, Dr.
Latchamsetty summarized Plaintiff's medical history and stated that it was
unclear what the reasons were for Plaintiff walking with a cane and mobility
problems that were observed during Dr. McLaughlin's May 2013 evaluation. (Tr.
107). Dr. Latchamsetty opined that "[t]here are no significant objective
findings on exam to support this level of mobility impairment" and recommended
clarification of Dr. McLaughlin' May 2013 mobility findings. (Tr. 107). Dr.
Latchamsetty concluded that more medical evidence was needed to assess severity
of arthritis and its impact on ambulation and "without this evidence[, an]
accurate RFC and credibility cannot be assessed." (Tr. 107).

Moreover, the ALJ was highlighting the contradiction in the statement that
Plaintiff "needs a cane to walk and cannot go without a cane" and clear
instances where, to the contrary, he was mobile without the cane. (Tr. 17). The
inconsistent use of [*59]  the cane also is probative on the matter of weight
the ALJ gave to Dr. McLaughlin's opinion and to what degree Plaintiff's symptoms
at the time of the evaluation, reflect an issue of credibility, an anomaly, or
flare-up, rather than a picture of Plaintiff's daily symptoms. The focus of the
ALJ's reference is the inconsistent use of the cane and the lack of using a cane
at all times contradicts Dr. McLaughlin's statement that Plaintiff must always
use a cane. Evidence can be used to discount a Plaintiff's credibility or accord
a medical opinion less weight if such evidence demonstrates a contradiction or
inconsistency. See Pacifico v. Colvin, No. 1:14-CV-1280, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS
129865, 2015 WL 5695271, at *13 (M.D. Pa. Sept. 28, 2015); Gartland v. Colvin,
No. 3:13-CV-02668-GBC, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 129892, 2015 WL 5695311, at *18
(M.D. Pa. Sept. 28, 2015) (discussing factors in weighing medical opinions); see
also Smith v. Astrue, 359 Fed.Appx. 313, 317 (3d Cir. 2009) (claimant's
testimony that she was essentially bedridden contradicted by evidence that she
had been primary caretaker for small child for two years).

The ALJ noted that Dr. Szollas observed that Plaintiff did not have an antalgic
gait, and could ambulate well without an ambulatory aid. (Tr. 18, 415). The ALJ
also gave weight to the August 2013, and October 2013 opinions of Dr. Smith
which enumerated Plaintiff's capabilities including the [*60]  ability to walk,
sit, climb stairs, and stand. (Tr. 18-19).

Plaintiff fails to explain how the occasional use of a cane conflicts the RFC's
range of light work. Moreover, the ALJ noted that the Vocational Expert (VE)
identified sedentary jobs available to Plaintiff.5 (Tr. 21). The ALJ stated:


     There are also significant jobs that exist in the economy that the
     claimant is capable of performing. For instance, even if the claimant
     had a residual functional capacity in the sedentary range, the
     Vocational Expert found jobs that the claimant would be able to
     perform with a sedentary exertional residual functional capacity which
     also provided transferable skills for the age of 50 years old.


(Tr. 21). During the hearing, the VE considered Plaintiff's professional status,
Plaintiff was also capable of sedentary jobs such as: switchboard operator, DOT
code 235.662-022; telephone solicitor, DOT code 299.357-014, and; information
clerk/receptionist, DOT code 237.367-038. (Tr. 84-85).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 Social Security policy contemplates the performance of sedentary work while
constantly using a cane. Social Security Ruling 96-9p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 6
provides:



     Since most unskilled sedentary work requires only occasional lifting
     and carrying [*61]  of light objects such as ledgers and files and a
     maximum lifting capacity for only 10 pounds, an individual who uses a
     medically required hand-held assistive device in one hand may still
     have the ability to perform the minimal lifting and carrying
     requirements of many sedentary unskilled occupations with the other
     hand.



SSR 96-9p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 6. The need to use a cane is not inconsistent with the
ability to perform sedentary work. See SSR 96-9p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 6. Accord
McGuire v. Colvin, No. C14-249-RSM, 2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 173691, 2014 WL
7151774, at *7 (W.D. Wash. Dec. 15, 2014).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Sufficient evidence supports the ALJ's reliance on Dr. Smith's opinions in
formulating the RFC and the Court finds no reversible error in the ALJ's
omission of cane usage from the RFC.

E. Rheumatoid Arthritis

Plaintiff argues that the ALJ erred by failing to include Plaintiff's rheumatoid
arthritis as an impairment at Step 2. Pl. Brief at 8. Ultimately, the outcome of
the case depends on the demonstration of the functional limitations of the
disease or impairment rather than the mere diagnosis of the disease or name of
the impairment. See Alexander v. Shalala, 927 F.Supp. 785, 792 (D.N.J. 1995)
aff'd sub nom. Alexander v. Comm'r of Soc. Sec., 85 F.3d 611 (3d Cir. 1996);
accord, Walker v. Barnhart, 172 F. App'x 423, 426 (3d Cir. 2006); See also
Burnside v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-2554, 2015 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 6700, 2015 WL
268791, at *12-13 (M.D. Pa. Jan. 21, 2015) (finding no reversible error in the
ALJ's characterization of Plaintiff's impairment as "ML strain" rather than
"disc [*62]  herniation at C4/5"). The ALJ detailed Plaintiff's arthritis
conditions, all the symptoms that involved Plaintiff's joints, mobility, and
dexterity. (Tr. 11-21). The ALJ noted records where there was a diagnosis of
"possible" rheumatoid arthritis and a recommendation that Plaintiff follow up
with a rheumatologist. (Tr. 15). The ALJ also noted medical opinions regarding
to what degree Plaintiff's impairments limited his ability to sit, stand, walk,
and other job-related functions. (Tr. 18). The ALJ gave great weight to Dr.
Smith's opinion that Plaintiff was capable of light exertion with postural and
environmental limitations and found that the opinion was consistent with the
objective findings of consultative examiner Dr. Szollas. (Tr. 18).

Moreover, Plaintiff did not allege in his application or testify at hearing that
he was disabled specifically by rheumatoid arthritis. Plaintiff failed to meet
his burden to demonstrate that the rheumatoid arthritis resulted in additional
limitations that were not already contemplated by the ALJ's account for only
arthritis. See Mason v. Shalala, 994 F.2d 1058, 1064 (3d Cir.1993); see also
Kitts v. Apfel, 204 F.3d 785, 786 (8th Cir.2000) (finding that where the
plaintiff failed to allege a mental impairment in her application or at the
hearing, [*63]  and the record showed only a diagnosis and medication the ALJ
was not on notice); Wrights v. Colvin, No. 3:13-CV-02516-GBC, 2015 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 62994, 2015 WL 2344948, at *7 (M.D. Pa. May 14, 2015) (finding no
reversible error where the plaintiff failed to allege "trigger finger" as an
impairment).

The Court finds no reversible error in the ALJ not specifically including
rheumatoid arthritis as an impairment.

F. Weight Accorded to Medical Opinions

Plaintiff argues that the ALJ erred in granting greater weight to the
non-examining consultative opinions of Dr. Smith than to the examining
consultative opinions of Drs. McLaughlin and Szollas. Pl. Brief at 20-28.
Plaintiff argues that "[w]hen the only medical opinions of record which support
the ALJ's RFC finding are those of the non-examining state agency physician . .
. the ALJ's decision is not supported by substantial evidence." Pl. Brief at 24.
6

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 Plaintiff further argues that it is impermissible for Dr. Smith to rely on the
clinical observations of Drs. McLaughlin and Szollas in order to arrive at a
different conclusion regarding Plaintiff's capabilities and it is equally
impermissible for the ALJ to conclude that the observations from Dr. Szollas'
examination support Dr. Smith's opinion. Pl. Brief at 21-23. Plaintiff's [*64]
argument lacks merit. The purpose of non-examining physicians is to review other
doctors' opinions and non-examining physicians have the expertise to reach a
different conclusion.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Generally, there is a hierarchy of weight allotted between three types of
physician opinions: opinions of those who treat the claimant (treating
physicians) are given more weight than opinions by those who examine but do not
treat the claimant (examining physicians), and the opinions of examining
physicians are given greater weight than the opinions of those who neither
examine nor treat the claimant (non-examining physicians). See 20 C.F.R. §§
404.1527(c)(1)-(2), 416.927(c)(1)-(2). However, this hierarchy is not absolute.
See 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1527(c), 416.927(c); see e.g., Johnson v. Barnhart, 89 F.
App'x 364, 368 (3d Cir. 2004) (affirming rejection of examining physician
opinion in favor of opinion of non-examining physician); Morales v. Apfel, 225
F.3d 310, 317-18 (3d Cir. 2000) (noting criteria necessary to reject a treating
physician's opinion); Morris v. Barnhart, 78 Fed.Appx. 820, 824-25 (3d Cir.
2003) (affirming rejection of treating physician opinion which adopted
subjective reports of claimant).7

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 In delineating criteria for rejecting an examining opinion, the court in
Johnson v. Barnhart cited to Morales v. Apfel, 225 F.3d 310, 317, which
discussed the criteria for rejecting a treating physician opinion. See Johnson
v. Barnhart, 89 F. App'x 364, 368 (3d Cir. 2004). If a type of evidence can
defeat the stronger opinion in the hierarchy, [*65]  then the same type of
evidence can defeat a weaker opinion. See Johnson v. Barnhart. Thus, in cases
where particular evidence was sufficient to reject a treating source opinion is
cited as support that the same form of evidence should be sufficient to reject
an examining opinion.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

For weighing all medical opinions, the Commissioner considers the factors
enumerated in 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1527(c), 416.927(c). Pursuant to subsection
(c)(3), "[t]he more a medical source presents relevant evidence to support an
opinion, particularly medical signs and laboratory findings, the more weight we
will give that opinion" and "[t]he better an explanation a source provides for
an opinion, the more weight we will give that opinion." Pursuant to subsection
(c)(4), "the more consistent an opinion is with the record as a whole, the more
weight we will give to that opinion." Pursuant to subsection (c)(5), more weight
may be assigned to specialists, and subsection (c)(6) allows consideration of
other factors which "tend to support or contradict the opinion." 20 C.F.R. §§
404.1527(c), 416.927(c).

When a physician's opinion is based on subjective, rather than objective,
information, and the ALJ has properly found a claimant's subjective claims to be
less than fully credible, an ALJ may assign less weight to the opinion:


     [T]he mere memorialization of a claimant's [*66]  subjective
     statements in a medical report does not elevate those statements to a
     medical opinion. An ALJ may discredit a physician's opinion on
     disability that was premised largely on the claimant's own accounts of
     her symptoms and limitations when the claimant's complaints are
     properly discounted. Fair v. Bowen, 885 F.2d 597, 605 (9th Cir. 1989)
     ("The ALJ thus disregarded Dr. Bliss' opinion because it was premised
     on Fair's own subjective complaints, which the ALJ had already
     properly discounted. This constitutes a specific, legitimate reason
     for rejecting the opinion of a treating physician.").


Morris v. Barnhart, 78 Fed.Appx. 820, 824-25 (3d Cir. 2003) (some internal
citations omitted). If a non-examining opinion is better supported, more
consistent with evidence, or authored by a specialist, then it may be entitled
to greater weight than examining or treating opinions. See 20 C.F.R. §§
404.1527(c), 416.927(c); 20 C.F.R. §§ 404.1527(e)(2)(i), 416.927(e)(2)(i)
(Non-examining consultants are "highly qualified...medical specialists who are
also experts in Social Security disability evaluation."); Johnson v. Barnhart,
89 F. App'x 364, 368 (3d Cir. 2004). An ALJ may reject an examining physician's
opinion in favor of a non-examining physician opinion on the basis of
contradictory evidence. See 20 C.F.R. 404.1527(c); Johnson v. Barnhart, 89 F.
App'x 364, 368 (3d Cir. 2004); Standards for Consultative Examinations and
Existing Medical Evidence, 56 FR 36932-01 at 36936 (ALJ may rely on non-medical
evidence which is inconsistent with treating physician's opinion); Torres v.
Barnhart, 139 F. App'x 411, 414 (3d Cir. 2005) (ALJ permissibly [*67]  rejected
treating opinion "in combination with other evidence of record including
Claimant's own testimony"); Kays v. Colvin, No. 1:13-CV-02468, 2014 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 171484, 2014 WL 7012758, at *7 (M.D. Pa. Dec. 11, 2014).

An ALJ is entitled generally to credit parts of an opinion without crediting the
entire opinion. See Thackara v. Colvin, No. 1:14-CV-00158-GBC, 2015 U.S. Dist.
LEXIS 35646, 2015 WL 1295956, at *5 (M.D. Pa. Mar. 23, 2015); Turner v. Colvin,
964 F. Supp. 2d 21, 29 (D.D.C. 2013) (agreeing that "SSR 96-2p, 1996 SSR LEXIS 9
does not prohibit the ALJ from crediting some parts of a treating source's
opinion and rejecting other portions"); Connors v. Astrue, No. 10-CV-197-PB,
2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 62329, 2011 WL 2359055, at *9 (D.N.H. June 10, 2011).

Contrary to Plaintiff's assertion, substantial evidence can support an ALJ's RFC
finding where an ALJ chooses an opinion of a non-examining state agency
physician over an opinion of an examining state agency physician. As discussed
above, substantial evidence supports the ALJ's credibility finding and
assessment of Plaintiff's cane use and ability to climb stairs. The ALJ
highlighted Plaintiff's recorded ability to climb stairs and mobility without a
cane in support of allotting less weight to Dr. McLaughlin's opinion that
Plaintiff could "never" climb stairs and observation that Plaintiff "cannot go
without a cane." See (Tr. 17, 20). Based upon these contradictions, substantial
evidence supports the ALJ affording less weight to [*68]  Dr. McLaughlin's
opinion. Additionally, substantial evidence supports the ALJ's granting greater
weight to Dr. Smith's opinion given that Dr. Smith had the opportunity to review
the opinion of Dr. Szollas and review other records that were not reviewed by
Dr. McLaughlin. Dr. Smith was able to view the longitudinal picture of
Plaintiff's impairments throughout many medical records.

While Dr. Szollas opined that Plaintiff had memory loss (Tr. 409), the ALJ noted
that "[Plaintiff] was able to follow instructions and he had a good knowledge of
his recent and remote medical history. This contradicts the claimant's testimony
of difficulty with memory." (Tr. 18). With regard to Dr. Szollas' opinion the
ALJ stated:


     Dr. Szollas notes the claimant's subjective complaints that the
     claimant reports dyspnea for shortness of breath on exertion after
     walking 200 feet Dr. Szollas opined the claimant can sit 6 hours,
     stand 1-2 hours at one time and up to 2 hours in an 8-hour workday and
     walk 20 minutes at a time and 10-20 minutes total in an 8-hour workday
     (Exhibit 12F/l6). These opinions are inconsistent with Dr. Szollas
     findings upon physical examination of the claimant. For instance, Dr.
     Szollas reported [*69]  the claimant presented without ambulatory aids
     and ambulated into the examination room with a normal gait. He was
     able to stand unassisted, rise from a seated position, and step up and
     down from the examination table without difficulty.


(Tr. 20). Essentially, the ALJ found that, to the extent that Dr. Szollas'
opinion depends upon Plaintiff's subjective complaints, the ALJ would give less
weight since the ALJ already found that Plaintiff's report of subjective
symptoms was less than credible. While it is true that Plaintiff's ability to
ambulate into the examination room with a normal gait has little bearing on
Plaintiff's ability to climb stairs or walk long distances without experiencing
shortness of breath, such reasoning is harmless error. See e.g., Williams v.
Barnhart, 87 F. App'x 240, 243-44 (3d Cir. 2004). Dr. Szollas did not perform
any objective exertional tests to support her conclusions regarding how long
Plaintiff could walk, leaving simply Plaintiff's subjective reports. In such a
situation, the ALJ has the discretion to reconcile the contradictory opinions
and choose to give more weight Dr. Smith's opinion over Dr. Szollas' opinion.
Substantial evidence supports the weight ALJ gave to the different doctor
opinions.8

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

8 Plaintiff further [*70]  argues that it was error for the ALJ not to conclude
that since Drs. Szollas' and McLaughlin's opinions were both consistent with
each other that Plaintiff would be limited to sedentary work, such entails that
the ALJ should give them both elevated weight. (Tr. 23). Given the above
analysis and finding that substantial evidence supports the ALJ's allocation of
greater weight to Dr. Smith, this argument fails.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


V. Recommendation

Accordingly, it is HEREBY RECOMMENDED:


     I. This appeal be DENIED, as the ALJ's decision is supported by
     substantial evidence; and

     II. The Clerk of Court close this case.



The parties are further placed on notice that pursuant to Local Rule 72.3:


     Any party may object to a Magistrate Judge's proposed findings,
     recommendations or report addressing a motion or matter described in
     28 U.S.C. § 636 (b)(1)(B) or making a recommendation for the
     disposition of a prisoner case or a habeas corpus petition within
     fourteen (14) days after being served with a copy thereof. Such party
     shall file with the clerk of court, and serve on the Magistrate Judge
     and all parties, written objections which shall specifically identify
     the portions of the proposed findings, recommendations or report to
     which objection is made and the basis [*71]  for such objections. The
     briefing requirements set forth in Local Rule 72.2 shall apply. A
     Judge shall make a de novo determination of those portions of the
     report or specified proposed findings or recommendations to which
     objection is made and may accept, reject, or modify, in whole or in
     part, the findings or recommendations made by the magistrate judge.
     The Judge, however, need conduct a new hearing only in his or her
     discretion or where required by law, and may consider the record
     developed before the magistrate judge, making his or her own
     determination on the basis of that record. The Judge may also receive
     further evidence, recall witnesses or recommit the matter to the
     Magistrate Judge with instructions.



Dated: February 23, 2016

/s/ Gerald B. Cohn

GERALD B. COHN

UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE


                              220 of 221 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2007 Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy, Duke
                            University School of Law
                      Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy

                                   May, 2007

                      Duke Journal of Gender Law & Policy

                        14 Duke J. Gender L. & Pol'y 815

LENGTH: 66999 words

ARTICLE: Constructing the Co-Ed Military

NAME: Elaine Donnelly*

BIO: * Elaine Donnelly is President of the Center for Military Readiness, an
independent, non-partisan public policy organization that specializes in
military personnel issues. In 1984, Secretary of Defense Caspar Weinberger
appointed her to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services
(DACOWITS) for a three-year term, and in 1992, President George H.W. Bush
appointed her to the Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women in the
Armed Forces.

TEXT:
 [*816]

   I. Introduction

 The armed forces of the United States are organizationally strong. All branches
and communities have proud histories, cultural traditions, and members motivated
by patriotism as well as personal career goals. The institutional strength of
the military, however, also makes it vulnerable to political pressures that can
undermine its culture. Because everyone must follow orders, the armed forces are
a prime venue for social engineering. Some civilians believe in "social
constructionism"?the idea that fundamental human characteristics, including
gender differences other than obvious anatomy, are learned behaviors that can be
radically changed. Some want to construct a new gender-free military, putting to
the ultimate test theories about the interchangeability of women and men in all
roles.

   Independent review of social change in the armed forces is critically
important. Our gender-integrated volunteer force is at war and undergoing
radical organizational and cultural change at the same time. Individual men and
women stand between our nation and enemies who would do us harm, but the success
of their mission depends on a complex organization that is more demanding than
anything in civilian life. This institution asks courageous men and women to
surrender their individuality and independence, many of their personal rights,
and sometimes their very lives. The rest of us should lend support by guarding
the strength and integrity of the institution in which they serve.

   A. The Importance of Objective Analysis

 On January 27, 1967, a deadly accident occurred that could have stalled
America's program of space exploration indefinitely. During a pre-launch test of
the Apollo One spacecraft, n1 an electrical spark ignited the pure-oxygen
atmosphere inside the cramped capsule, killing astronauts Virgil Grissom, Edward
White, and Roger Chafee. n2 Critics demanded to know why the mechanical and
electrical engineers of the National Aeronautic and Space Administration (NASA)
failed to recognize the inherent dangers of operating in a pure-oxygen
environment. In the aftermath of that tragedy, NASA made choices that are
instructive to another institution today: the United States military. In 1967, a
pure-oxygen atmosphere was thought to be the best for sustaining human life in
orbit; pure-oxygen systems weighed less than mixed-  [*817]  gas systems and had
been deployed successfully in the Mercury and Gemini missions. n3 This basic
assumption would prove to be both flawed and fatal. Moreover, indicators of
trouble immediately preceding the fire - including communication problems, a
"sour smell" in the spacesuit loop, and a sudden, unexplained rise in oxygen
flow to the spacesuits - were noted but disregarded. Tragically, only eight
seconds after Grissom reported fire in the cockpit, the astronauts perished in a
fireball that melted and fused their spacesuits. n4

   NASA temporarily suspended the Apollo program and conducted a full
investigation. During that critical time, NASA engineers could have defended
their previous assumptions regarding the benefits of a pure-oxygen atmosphere in
orbit. They could have defined as their goal the perfection of spacecraft
machinery - that is, using pure-oxygen atmospheres in all orbiting spacecraft,
with "zero tolerance" of sparks. Instead, NASA engineers challenged and
objectively reevaluated the basic assumptions that had guided the space program
prior to the fire. As a result, the pure-oxygen system aboard the Apollo
spacecraft was replaced with a less volatile mixed-gas atmosphere. Furthermore,
redundant backup systems that presumed both imperfection and potential failures
were built into all spacecraft systems and machinery. Less than two years after
the Apollo One fire, in December 1968, Apollo Eight became the first manned
mission to successfully orbit the moon.

   This episode in American history teaches lessons that are applicable not only
to rocket science but also to social science. The mechanical engineers of NASA
objectively reevaluated their basic assumptions, analyzed their mistakes, and
implemented steps to prevent predictable and avoidable disasters. By contrast,
social engineers out to change the culture of America's military have refused to
reevaluate their basic assumptions and have disregarded the negative
consequences of their own mistakes. Young men and women are being asked to risk
their lives in the equivalent of a volatile, pure-oxygen atmosphere - an
environment that social engineers insist will "work" as long as the military
enforces zero tolerance of "sparks." This theoretical hubris disregards human
failings, which are even more common than imperfections in spacecraft  [*818]
machinery. Like NASA, our military cannot operate on presumptions of
perfection?especially when lives and national security are at risk.

   In recent years of accelerated cultural change in the military, social
engineers have taken advantage of certain political sensitivities to stifle
objective analysis. To a certain extent, reticence about social problems in the
military is understandable - Americans are enormously proud of the men and women
who serve in the All-Volunteer Force. Nevertheless, straightforward debate about
military social policies does not constitute criticism of men and women in
uniform. In many ways, these men and women are like courageous astronauts who do
not themselves make the decisions and policies under which they will live, and
sometimes die, in the pursuit of a noble cause.

   Pride in our astronauts does not preclude criticism of NASA. When flawed
presumptions and engineering mistakes lead to unnecessary disaster and death,
Americans and their elected representatives have the right - and, indeed, the
responsibility?to demand objective analysis, unflinching candor, accountability
for violations of law and policy, and constructive steps to remedy problems that
elevate risks. In the same way, Americans have every right to question the
flawed assumptions of social engineers who demand radical change in the culture
of the military.

   There is reason for concern about civilian and military advocates who want to
order female soldiers into or near direct ground combat, institutionalize
different standards in training and disciplinary matters, and force the
acceptance of open homosexuality in military units that offer little or no
privacy. Members of Congress have the constitutional responsibility to question
such policies, both before and after they are implemented. There are no
compelling reasons to elevate risks unnecessarily, or to make military life more
difficult and dangerous for the men and women who volunteer to serve.

   B. Standard of Review

 There has not been an official, comprehensive analysis of social policies
involving women in the military since 1992, when Congress established the
Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women in the Armed Forces
("Presidential Commission"). n5 Congress directed the Presidential Commission to
[*819]  report findings and develop recommendations on a wide range of issues
surrounding the deployment of women in ground, sea, and air combat. n6
Furthermore, the Presidential Commission intensely debated the standard of
review to be applied in formulating recommendations - that is, whether higher
priority should be assigned to military readiness or to other concerns such as
"diversity" and equal employment opportunity. A majority of commissioners
supported a resolution assigning higher priority to overarching, classic
concerns such as military necessity and effectiveness in time of war. n7 Some
commissioners, however, were reluctant to endorse even a non-binding resolution
assigning higher priority to military necessity than to equal opportunity and
other considerations. n8

   Differences of opinion on issues involving gender in the military hinge on
the standard of review applied. Some activists expect the military to pay any
[*820]  price and bear any burden to promote careers, equal opportunity, or
"diversity" as a primary goal. For example, Lt. Col. Anthony D. Reyes, appointed
Chief of an Army Diversity Office established in 2005, advocates a complete
repeal of women's exemptions from all forms of direct combat as a way to promote
"workforce diversity" in the ranks of flag officers. n9 Other activists promote
the cause of homosexuals in the military as a civil rights and equal opportunity
issue, a stance that assigns higher priority to the desires of individuals than
to the needs of the military.

   Regardless of the gender-related issue in question, social engineers suggest
that "leadership" and "sensitivity training" can solve all problems. n10 This is
tantamount to suggesting that perfect machines are sufficient to prevent sparks
and combustion in a pure-oxygen environment. This paper will analyze policies
that have needlessly complicated social policies in America's military and
weakened the foundations of a structure that must remain strong. Objective
analysis is the only way to prevent problems that vitiate readiness, discipline,
and morale in the only military we have.

   II. Double Standards Involving Women (DSIW) Undermine Military Structure

 Studies of gender in the military usually center on women, but the subject
cannot be discussed without also analyzing the men who make and implement the
policies designed by social engineers. When feminists and their allies demand
policies "for women," Pentagon policymakers appear to become  [*821]  defensive
and lose perspective. Men, it seems, cannot objectively deal with issues
involving women. In turn, social engineers take advantage of the Pentagon's
defensiveness by trying to suspend, circumvent, or redefine standard principles,
including the concept of "equality." The idea of equality has been rendered
almost meaningless because of inconsistent policies that this Article will refer
to as "Double Standards Involving Women," or "DSIW." The acronym applies in many
situations created in the pursuit of what feminists envision as a "gender free"
or "ungendered" military. n11

   The military is a prime venue for social engineering because everyone in the
chain of command must follow orders, and all are ultimately under civilian
control. Some advocates suggest that the duty to follow orders is so absolute
that dissent on social policies is unprofessional at best and mutinous at worst.
n12 If the same standard were applied to the Pentagon's decisions about weapon
systems, officers would have to remain silent about poorly designed equipment
that creates unnecessary risks or detracts from the effectiveness of military
missions. Although the U.S. Constitution properly assigns control of the
military to civilians, political correctness within the Pentagon has become a
formidable, vitiating force. Despite these political pressures, policy makers
should be held accountable for policies that they tolerate or impose on the
military - particularly the various, demoralizing forms of DSIW that are harmful
to women, men, and the military as a whole.

   It must be noted that female soldiers are not the primary cause of DSIW and
should not be held responsible for its consequences. Most military women do not
make policy - any more than most military men do. The problems evident in
gender-integrated units - on land, at sea, and in the air?are usually caused
when policymakers depart from sound principles that are applied in all other
defense policy matters.

   In previous decades, the military proudly led the way for positive social
change in matters of civil rights. President Harry Truman signed an Executive
Order banning racial segregation in the military n13 - an egalitarian move that
[*822]  advanced the needs of the military without simultaneously requiring
changes in the military standards, principles, or culture. n14 To the contrary,
the history of gender integration in the military has been marred by convoluted
double standards, which are only worsened by official denials that such double
standards even exist. Many "experts" fail to acknowledge the double standards
that are common knowledge among military personnel. Pervasive forms of DSIW -
which feminists constantly say they oppose but expect to be implemented
anyway?vitiate sound principles necessary to support a strong and ready
volunteer force. n15 The best way to improve the status of women would be to end
to all forms of DSIW in the military, and to restore high, uncompromised
standards and sound priorities that benefit women, men, and the armed forces as
a whole.

   A. Current Department of Defense (DoD) Regulations and Law

 Prior to March 2003, America had little experience with female soldiers in or
near direct ground combat. The 1991 Persian Gulf War was the largest deployment
of female soldiers in modern history, and women served effectively in support
roles. n16 Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, however, were relatively
brief, and the Department of Defense was not able to draw conclusions about the
abilities of women in combat roles. n17 Nevertheless, lessons learned in the
Persian Gulf War could have been useful in formulating policies that would
advance both the interests of women and the needs of the military.  [*823]  That
opportunity was lost in September 1991, when a sex scandal embarrassed the Navy
and put Pentagon officials on the defensive.

   1. The Tailhook Turning Point

   a. Defensiveness and DSIW

 At the 1991 Tailhook Association convention in Las Vegas, a group of male and
female naval aviators celebrated the end of the Persian Gulf War by partying
wildly. On June 24, 1992, Navy Lt. Paula Coughlin tearfully told ABC News that
she had been harassed and physically assaulted by male aviators lined up in a
hotel corridor "gauntlet." n18

   Disciplining the male aviators for "conduct unbecoming" and changing Navy
culture to prevent a recurrence certainly was justified, but media and political
pressures on the Navy became excessively intense. Feminists, their allies in
Congress, and the media essentially demanded that all men present at Tailhook
"91 be punished, whether they were guilty of misconduct or not. n19 When a
preliminary report on Tailhook was prematurely leaked to the media,
then-Secretary of the Navy H. Lawrence Garrett III resigned. Dissatisfied
congressional feminists, led by Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.), berated the
Joint Chiefs for "not getting it." n20 Senior House Armed Services Committee
member Schroeder and other angry members of Congress, such as Rep. John Murtha
(D-Pa.) and Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.), also threatened to withhold
appropriation funds for personnel and weapons systems, and to block military
promotions, if Navy officials did not make amends for Tailhook. n21

   When the investigation was shifted from the Navy to the Department of Defense
Inspector General, the situation began to spin so out of control as to violate
the due process rights of the male aviators. In the rush to obtain convictions,
overzealous prosecutors gave immunity to junior officers in exchange for
testimony against senior commanders, and standard legal safeguards were
suspended during intense, abusive interrogations. n22  [*824]  Newspapers
nationwide began to report on what became known as the Tailhook
"witch-hook"?i.e., unfair punishments of Navy men but not women, even after some
men had been cleared of misconduct. n23

   Although most cases were dismissed immediately for lack of evidence,
thirty-nine male officers received nonjudicial punishment for various types of
misconduct, drunkenness, and false statements. n24 Cases involving misconduct by
women, however, were treated with a gender-based double standard that had been
established by the DoD Inspector General. For example, while men were punished
for indecent exposure and engaging in suggestive leg shaving, a female officer
known to have been partying topless and several other women who also had
participated in heavy drinking, inappropriate touching of men, and the leg
shaving ritual, were not punished. n25 The same double standard was applied in
cases of adultery at Tailhook. n26 A female officer told investigators from the
Inspector General's office that three officers attempted to gang rape her. n27
Subsequently, she admitted that she had lied, stating that she had consensual
sex with one of the officers in question but did not want her fiance to  [*825]
know of her activities. n28 The men were punished, but the female officer was
not held accountable for her dishonest accusation. n29

   In February 1994, Capt. William T. Vest, a Navy judge, blasted DoD officials
for bungled, amateurish witness interview reports that could not stand up in
court. n30 Judge Vest justifiably threw out the last of three pending
courts-martial due to violations of due process. The Association of Naval
Aviation (ANA) reported that at least 152 Navy officers were directly affected
by Tailhook-related letters of censure, non-judicial punishments, career-ending
[*826]  correspondence, fines, adverse evaluations, forced resignations, and
other adverse actions. n31 Since there were only three courts-martial, however,
dissatisfied feminists created the false impression that the men had gotten off
easy. n32

   b. Feminists Take Advantage of Navy Scandal

 Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.) wasted no time seizing upon the Tailhook
scandal to force the embarrassed Navy to accept female pilots into tactical
aviation. The liberal congresswoman sponsored and passed an amendment in the
House version of the 1992 Defense Authorization bill, which repealed the law
that exempted women from combat aviation. n33 She saw the acceptance of female
pilots as the first step in transforming the unruly "culture" of the
male-dominated aviation community. n34 Rep. Schroeder's harsh criticism of the
Navy pressured the organization to rush the training of women in combat
aviation, with tragic consequences. n35 Yet, Rep. Schroeder's demands presented
a cultural contradiction. In essence, she and the advocates of women in combat
were arguing that violence against women in a Las Vegas hotel corridor was
wrong, but combat violence against women, at the hands of the enemy, was
perfectly all right.

   The illogic of Rep. Schroeder's position escaped the attention of House Armed
Services Committee members who, without prior hearings, hastily approved her
amendment to open combat aviation to women. On June 18, 1991, the Senate Armed
Services Committee did conduct a comprehensive and balanced hearing on the
Schroeder amendment. Several advocates testified in favor of the change, but
members of the Joint Chiefs testified in opposition to the legislation.

   The Senate legislation that was proposed as a substitute for the Schroeder
bill called for the establishment of a presidential commission to study all
aspects of the issue. Just prior to the floor vote, then-Secretary of Defense
Richard Cheney expressed support for the presidential commission legislation,
but equivocated on Rep. Schroeder's amendment to put women in combat aviation.
Taking a "ready, fire, aim" approach, the Senate passed legislation repealing
the law regarding women in combat aviation, n36 while simultaneously
establishing a presidential commission to analyze and report on what that would
mean. n37

[*827]

   c. The 1992 Presidential Commission Study and Report

 Throughout 1992, while the Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women
in the Armed Forces conducted its study, the administration of President George
H.W. Bush refrained from assigning women to combat aviation. On November 3,
1992, the day that the Presidential Commission voted to oppose the use of women
in most types of combat, including aviation, President Bush lost his bid for
re-election. Thereafter, in 1993, Congress was preoccupied with then-President
Bill Clinton's demand that homosexuals be allowed to serve openly in the
military. Although there were no full-scale hearings on the extensive findings
and recommendations of the Presidential Commission, Congress repealed the law
that exempted women from service on combatant ships. n38 Navy officials
embarrassed by the Tailhook scandal were reluctant to oppose the legislation.
With most combatant ships and aircraft opened to women, nothing remained except
Department of Defense regulations exempting women from involuntary assignments
in or near direct ground combat units, such as the infantry.

   However, Congress was clear in that it did not want the Pentagon to order
women into direct ground combat. n39 The National Defense Authorization Acts for
Fiscal Year 1994 and subsequent years have included language safeguarding
congressional oversight on matters of women in combat. n40 If the Pentagon wants
to change these regulations regarding women in ground combat, the Secretary of
Defense must approve and formally notify Congress thirty consecutive legislative
days (approximately three months) in advance. n41 Such notice must include an
analysis of the effect of the proposed changes on the exemption of  [*828]
young women from Selective Service obligations, n42 which the Supreme Court
previously has tied to their exemption from ground combat. n43

   d. The Aspin Regulations

 On April 28, 1993, then-Secretary of Defense Les Aspin issued a memorandum
announcing that he was going to begin the training of female pilots for tactical
aviation, promote repeal of the remaining law regarding combatant ships, and
make significant changes in DoD regulations regarding the assignment of
servicewomen in or near close combat. n44 On January 13, 1994, Secretary Aspin
followed up on his plan by issuing a two-page memorandum setting forth
regulations that would govern the assignment of women in or near direct ground
combat. In addition, the memorandum provided a definition of what constitutes
direct ground combat. n45 The 1994 regulations, known as the Aspin rules, apply
to all the military services and remain in effect today.

   With identical letters dated January 21, 1994, Secretary Aspin officially
reported the rule changes to the Chairmen and Ranking Members of the House and
Senate Armed Services Committees. n46 The new rule and definition of direct
ground combat provided:



   A. Rule. Service members are eligible to be assigned to all positions for
which they are qualified, except that women shall be excluded from assignment to
units below the brigade level whose primary mission is to engage in direct
combat on the ground, as defined below:



B. Definition. Direct ground combat is engaging an enemy on the ground with
individual or crew served weapons, while being exposed to hostile fire and to a
high probability of direct physical contact with the hostile force's personnel.
Direct ground combat takes place well forward on the battlefield while locating
and closing with the enemy to defeat them by fire, maneuver, or shock effect.
n47

 The new combat definition permitted four additional restrictions on the
assignment of women:



   . Where the Service Secretary attests that the costs of appropriate berthing
and privacy arrangements are prohibitive;



. Where units and positions are doctrinally required to physically collocate and
remain with direct ground combat units that are closed to women;

  [*829]

. Where units are engaged in long range reconnaissance operations and Special
Operations Forces missions; and



. Where job related physical requirements would necessarily exclude the vast
majority of women service members. n48

 On July 28, 1994, Aspin's successor, William J. Perry, approved lists of units
that would be opened or closed to women, in compliance with the Aspin
regulations announced on January 13. n49

   The most significant changes set forth in the Aspin regulations were: (1) the
elimination of the so-called "DoD Risk Rule," n50 which exempted women from
assignments in close proximity to close combat units, and (2) the removal of the
phrase "substantial risk of capture" from the definition of direct ground
combat. In general, the DoD Risk Rule had made it possible for women to
volunteer for military service without being forced to serve in units operating
in or near the front lines of direct ground combat. Although not a perfect
standard, the Risk Rule reflected the then-prevailing view that female soldiers
in support units should not be needlessly exposed to risk of injury, death, or
capture while serving in close proximity with close combat units such as the
infantry, armor, field artillery, Marine infantry, and Special Operations
Forces.

   Eliminating the DoD Risk Rule and changing the definition of direct ground
combat made available to women hundreds of military occupational specialties and
approximately 80,699 positions on land, as well as a total of 259,199 positions
in all the military services, since 1993. n51 These newly opened positions
included some brigade-level headquarters of direct ground combat units, and
support units that do not routinely "collocate" with direct ground  [*830]
combat units at the battalion level. n52 The Aspin regulations continued to
exempt female soldiers from assignments in smaller direct ground combat
battalions, such as the infantry, armor, field artillery, Marine infantry,
Special Operations Forces such as the Rangers and Navy SEALS, and Special
Operations Forces helicopters. Lastly, the Aspin regulations exempted women from
assignment in support units that constantly "collocate" or embed with direct
ground combat units such as the infantry. n53

   e. Female Soldiers Serving at Greater Risk

 The full effect of the rule changes that constituted the Aspin regulations did
not become apparent until nine years later. On March 23, 2003, four days into
the ground war in Iraq, the 507th Maintenance Unit, operating with a Patriot
Missile Battery of the 3rd Infantry Division, took a wrong turn on the road near
the city of Nasiriyah and was ambushed. n54 Absent the DoD Risk Rule, which was
abolished in 1994, the gender-integrated support unit was part of a column of
support troops accompanying the aggressive 3rd Infantry Division on its way to
liberate Baghdad. n55

   Within hours the nation witnessed on television the frightened face of
captured Army Spec. Shoshana Johnson on Al Jazeera TV, together with four fellow
soldiers. The Iraqi video also showed the bodies of several dead American
soldiers, some of whom appeared to have been shot at point blank range. n56
Among the missing were Pfc. Lori Piestewa, a young single mother of  [*831]  two
toddlers, and nineteen-year-old Pfc. Jessica Lynch. n57 This was a surprise to
many Americans, including the parents of female soldiers, who thought there were
rules against women in close combat. n58

   Nine days later, Marines and Special Operations Forces found the body of Pfc.
Piestewa in a shallow grave near the civilian hospital where they had rescued
Pfc. Jessica Lynch. n59 In a front page Washington Post story that captivated
the world, Pfc. Lynch was initially and erroneously described as a teenage "Girl
Rambo" warrior who had fired all her ammunition killing Iraqis before she was
captured. n60 Some feminists hailed the capture of Shoshana Johnson and the "GI
Jane" image of Pfc. Lynch as examples of women's ability to fight in combat,
which they considered justification for advancement of other feminist goals. n61
Although doctors who had examined Pfc. Lynch in Germany knew otherwise, they and
Pentagon officials did not correct the hyped-up legend that had grown up around
her. It was not the fault of Pfc. Lynch that her story became distorted - in
fact, she courageously told the painful truth in a network television interview
and in her book, I Am a Soldier Too. n62

   Pfc. Lynch and her friend Pfc. Piestewa were injured during the ambush and
horribly abused in the hours immediately following their capture. According to
medical reports, Pfc. Lynch was anally raped, many of her bones  [*832]  were
broken, and she barely survived. n63 Lynch was unconscious for approximately
four hours following the ambush attack on her Humvee. Sexual assault probably
occurred during that time, and most likely in the first building where she and
other captives were taken, described in some news reports as a Fedayeen
headquarters building that included a medical aid station. n64 At some point the
severely injured Pfc. Lynch was taken to the civilian Hussein hospital in
Nasiriyah, where she awakened. Iraqi doctors and nurses said they comforted and
cared for Lynch until April 1, 2003, when she was rescued by a combined Special
Operations Forces Team. n65

   On December 30, 2003, NBC News briefly aired a video obtained from an Iraqi
source, which was probably taken at the first facility where the captives had
been taken. n66 The video, which received little public notice when it aired,
[*833]  showed the bloody and bruised faces of Pfc. Lynch and Pfc. Piestewa, the
single mother of two toddlers, while in captivity. n67 Pfc. Lynch appears
deathly pale and unconscious, her eyes nearly closed and rolled back, lying on a
bed next to her friend, Pfc. Piestewa, who would soon become the first female
soldier killed in Iraq. Pfc. Piestewa's battered and loosely bandaged face is
shown grimacing in pain when a gloved hand jerks her body around to make her
face more visible to the camera. n68

   In her ABC Prime Time Live interview with Jessica Lynch, Diane Sawyer asked
the wounded soldier whether it was difficult to include the truth in her book.
Out of the mouth of a former Army private came words that star-studded generals
have not had the courage to say. "Yes, it was," Pfc. Lynch responded, "But, you
know, if it did happen, then people need to know that that's what kind of people
that they are, and that's how they treat the female soldiers that are over
there." n69 Feminists suddenly dropped Lynch as their hero and remained largely
silent as the death toll of military servicewomen continued to mount.

   Americans have been enormously impressed by the courage, loyalty to duty, and
patriotism of women who have volunteered to serve in the current war. Support
for women in the military is not an issue. Nevertheless, there are questions of
policy that remain largely unexamined and unresolved. The Bush Administration
has failed to direct Pentagon officials to find a way that female soldiers can
proudly serve our country without exposing them to greater, unequal risk.

   2. Ground Combat: Violations of Policy and Law

   a. The Definition of "Combat"

 Definitions are important, and the word "combat" is frequently misused.
Although Department of Defense (DoD) regulations regarding combat are not solely
tied to "front lines," they do draw important distinctions based on the mission
of each different unit. For instance, in the current war, all deployed soldiers
are "in harm's way," but direct ground combat (DGC) troops are specifically
trained to engage and attack the enemy, while under fire, with deliberate
offensive action.

   DoD regulations exempt female soldiers from direct ground combat units. Under
the associated "collocation rule," also set forth in the 1994 Aspin regulations,
female soldiers are exempt from assignment in support units that are
"collocated," or "embedded," with direct ground combat battalions below the
brigade level. The "collocation rule," therefore, serves to exempt female
soldiers from combined infantry/armor maneuver battalions in the Army's  [*834]
newly "transformed" modular brigade combat teams (BCTs), n70 which used to be
called "units of action (UAs)." Even in modular units, and battlefields that do
not have "front lines," the collocation rule is applicable and should be
enforced.

   All soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan are "in harm's way," but the missions of
infantry, armor, Marine infantry, Special Operations Forces, multiple launch
rocket systems, and other specialized units, such as Military Transition Teams
that train Iraqi men in combat skills, have not changed. Nor did DoD regulations
regarding women in combat change during the Army's transformation to modular
brigade combat teams. Brigade-level troops provide support to combat battalions
intermittently, coming and going from larger forward operating bases (FOBs). In
contrast, collocated support troops and forward support companies are embedded
and remain at the smaller battalion level one-hundred percent of the time.
Brigade-level units are open to women, but combat-collocated support troops, at
the "tip of the spear" battalion level, are required by regulation to be
all-male. n71

   The offensive missions of infantry and Special Operations Forces have not
changed, but there are some borderline military occupational specialties that
should be reevaluated. For example, military police units in Iraq have taken on
new duties that involve more than traditional military law enforcement. That
occupation should be reevaluated and possibly divided with occupational titles
that reflect actual mission requirements. Gender assignment codes also should be
reviewed and revised to comply with existing DoD regulations. If the Army wants
to change those rules, Congress must receive notice of proposed changes well in
advance, in compliance with laws mandating congressional oversight. n72

   Some female soldiers and Marines have been assigned to assist infantry units
by searching Iraqi civilians in "female search teams" (FSTs). Women performing
this duty are in harm's way and courageous, but since they are not trained to
attack the enemy, their mission is not designated "direct ground combat" under
the DoD definition. The use of female soldiers and Marines to assist in searches
of female Iraqi civilians, or to participate in humanitarian missions, does not
justify incremental repeal of women's land combat exemptions. n73 Nor is it
prudent to keep assigning American women to perform  [*835]  this role, without
training Iraqi women to do female security searches at a future time.

   b. Why the Collocation Rule Matters

 The collocation rule improves chances for survival and mission accomplishment
in direct ground combat missions, such as the battles to liberate Baghdad in
2003 and Fallujah in November 2004. Soldiers and Marines in those fierce battles
benefited from advanced technology, but their tasks still required them to have
the ability to carry physical burdens that lie beyond the capabilities of most
women. n74 A collocated maintenance soldier is not trained to attack the enemy
in deliberate offensive action, but he may be needed to physically lift and
evacuate a wounded infantryman or Marine who has been injured and might die
without immediate medical help. Ground combat soldiers today carry between
eighty and one hundred pounds on their backs - about the same weight that Roman
legionnaires carried in the days of Julius Caesar. n75

    [*836]  There is no question that female soldiers are brave - this has been
proven many times in the current war. But body size, strength, and physical
closeness to direct ground combat troops during offensive operations, such as
the attacks on Baghdad in March 2003 and Fallujah in November 2004, are factors
that are important for survival and mission accomplishment. n76 In direct ground
combat, women do not have an equal opportunity to survive or to help fellow
soldiers survive. n77 Substituting women for men in combat-collocated support
units increases danger for everyone, while introducing a host of disciplinary
and deployability problems that would detract from unit cohesion, readiness, and
morale.

   Both women and men in the military have a right to expect official compliance
with policy and law. If Pentagon officials want to eliminate the collocation
rule or any other regulation affecting women, they should make the case for
those changes publicly - and in advance - as required by law.

   c. The 3rd Infantry (Unit of Action) Brigade Combat Team

 In March 2004, the U.S. Army began to depart from both DoD policy and the
notification law regarding women in or near ground combat. Local commanders of a
newly organized combined infantry/armor battalion, which was based at Fort
Stewart, Georgia, and part of the 3rd Infantry Division, improperly assigned a
female captain to command a forward support company (FSC), which was collocated
with a direct ground combat battalion required by regulation to be all-male. The
combined infantry/armor maneuver battalion, part of the "3rd ID," was one of the
first of the Army's reorganized modular "units of action" to deploy to Iraq. n78
The battalion-level forward support company in question was designed to
collocate or to embed, one hundred  [*837]  percent of the time, with the
soldiers of the 4th Battalion, 64th Armored Regiment, known as the 4-64th. As
such, the FSC fell under the extant DoD collocation rule, which required its
personnel to be all male. n79

   When the situation first became known in March 2004, the Office of the Army
General Counsel informed 3rd ID commanders that any attempt to gender-integrate
battalion level FSCs embedded with combined infantry/armor direct ground combat
battalions, including the 4-64th's forward support company, would constitute a
violation of current policy and the congressional notification law. n80 Within
weeks, the Army Chief of Staff, Gen. Peter Schoomaker, intervened. The 3rd ID
Commander, Maj. Gen. William Webster, was told to bring the 4-64th
infantry/armor battalion's FSC back into compliance with Army policy and law.
Appropriate reassignments were made, and the situation was resolved
satisfactorily for everyone concerned.

   However, despite the compliance efforts and reassignments, a second attempt
to unilaterally gender-integrate the 4-64th infantry/armor maneuver battalion's
collocated FSC apparently was initiated by the DoD Office of Personnel &
Readiness, Army Human Resources Command officials, and commanders of the 3rd
Infantry Division. Shortly thereafter, soldiers of the 4-64th were ordered to
administratively change their unit's modified table of organization and
equipment (MTOE) n81 in order to accomplish two things: (1) administratively
"assign" the FSC troops to the legally gender-integrated brigade support
battalions, on paper only; and then (2) physically "attach" the FSC troops back
to the maneuver battalion.

   In the 3rd ID and other divisions, brigade level positions that are "in
harm's way" - but not collocated with direct ground combat units such as the
infantry?are legally open to female soldiers. However, the smaller
battalion-level direct ground combat (DGC) units, and the support units (FSCs)
that collocate with them, are required to be all-male. Soldiers in the formerly
all-male forward support company, and the infantry/armor maneuver battalion with
[*838]  which it was collocated, were well aware that the unusual administrative
paperwork was contrived as a way to circumvent DoD policy and the congressional
notification law.

   In the 3rd ID and other reorganized "brigade combat teams," known as BCTs,
modular direct ground combat maneuver battalions were ordered to do the same
thing. Contrary to the DoD collocation rule, an undisclosed number of female
soldiers have been "employed" in FSCs that are physically collocated with direct
ground combat battalions. n82

   d. Army Admits Strategy of "Subterfuge"

 The rationale and blueprint for gender integration in the 3rd ID were set forth
in a twenty-two-page Army PowerPoint presentation, titled "Combat Exclusion
Quick Look Options." n83 Among other things, the May 10, 2004, presentation
attempted to justify circumvention of the collocation rule by drawing a
distinction between the 1994 DoD regulations, promulgated by Secretary of
Defense Les Aspin, and "additional restrictions" that the Army had in place two
years earlier. n84

   This was an odd argument, for three reasons: (1) the 1992 Army regulations in
question, AR 600-13, n85 were superseded by the DoD regulations set forth by
Secretary Les Aspin in January 1994; n86 (2) the Army's plans to implement the
Aspin regulations were approved by Secretary Aspin's successor, William J.
Perry. Secretary Perry's July 28, 1994, memorandum, approving the Army's list of
open and closed units, has not been overruled or changed by a successor; n87 and
(3) the Army's 1992 rules included a definition of "Direct Combat" that  [*839]
included a Risk Rule, similar to that of the DoD, which exempted female soldiers
from direct ground combat and support units involving a "substantial risk of
capture." n88 Secretary Aspin abolished the Risk Rule with his January 1994
memorandum. n89 Officials trying to claim that the Army's 1992 rules are still
in effect have to explain why the former Risk Rule is not in effect as well.

   Despite this and other points of misinformation, the May 10, 2004, "Combat
Exclusion Quick Look Options" presentation was surprisingly candid about the
Army's intentions. At Fort Stewart, commanders of the 4-64th battalion conceded,
in response to questions from soldiers, that the sole purpose of the contrived
administrative change was to assign female soldiers to the ground
combat-collocated FSC, without making formal changes to the DoD rules and
without giving prior notice to Congress as required by law. The commanders'
actions were consistent with the May 10 "Quick Look Options" presentation, which
included the "caveat" that this course of action "could be perceived as
subterfuge to avoid [the] congressional reporting requirement." n90 Armor and
infantry soldiers at Fort Stewart were aware of the pretense, but it was their
duty to follow orders without comment or dissent.

   In addition, the "Quick Look Options" presentation conceded that the practice
of administratively assigning the forward support company personnel to the
legally open brigade level "does not solve collocation restrictions for female
Soldier assignments." n91 Indeed, both this plan and a later version of it
presented in a November 2004 Pentagon briefing depended on a subterfuge
strategy. n92 The entire plan constituted DSIW on an unprecedented scale.

   The May 10 "Quick Look Options" presentation suggested that there might not
be enough male soldiers to fill the land "combat-collocated forward support
companies, but Army officials did not provide any documentation to support those
concerns. n93 If a shortage of men is the problem, breaking the rules to place
young women in units required to be all male is not the solution.

   As of July 2005, there were more than fifteen million men of military age -
eighteen to twenty-four - in the United States. n94 Given the size of this
demographic, a straightforward request from the President, asking young men to
consider volunteering for the combat arms, would likely inspire sufficient
numbers to respond positively. There is no compelling need to retain gender
"goals" (i.e., quotas), which keep the numbers of women and mothers in the
military artificially high. n95 An end to gender quotas in the Army (which
already  [*840]  have been dropped by the Navy) would allow and encourage
military recruiters to concentrate on young men who are needed for the combat
arms. n96

   e. Circumvention of the Congressional Notification Law

 In June 2004, the Center for Military Readiness filed a formal request for
intervention with the DoD and Army Inspectors General. No apparent action was
taken to bring the Army back into compliance with DoD regulations and the
congressional notification law. Instead, female soldiers reportedly have been
placed in even more land combat-collocated support units - not just in the 3rd
ID, but also in the 101st Airborne, the 1st Cavalry, and several more. n97
Unaware female soldiers have been given assurances that nothing significant has
been changed, but men with combat experience are aware that regulations are
being violated. n98 In the same way, reports of disruptive behavior and
evacuations due to pregnancies are accumulating, but sources have said that
reporters rarely ask about such problems, and men are reluctant to discuss them
anyway, lest their careers be ruined. n99 As a result, rule violations and
disruptive situations continue with little notice.

    [*841]  In addition, Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (MLRS), and
Reconnaissance, Surveillance, Target Acquisition (RSTA) squadrons operating with
Stryker Brigade Combat Teams, have been quietly dropped from an Army list of
units coded to be all male. n100 This was done without the written approval of
the Secretary of Defense and without the legally required notice to Congress.
n101 Such actions by Army officials constitute DSIW, which are likely to elevate
risks and undermine trust. The most important decisions regarding women in the
military are being made bureaucratically by unaccountable officials who use
semantics and sophistry to circumvent the plain meaning of law. If it is such a
good idea to order women and mothers into or near direct ground combat, Pentagon
officials should follow proper procedures, in accordance with the law.

   3. The Congressional Debate: 2005

   a. Army Changes Rules Without Authorization or Notice

 On November 4, 2004, Pentagon officials assured staff members of the House
Armed Services Committee that the Army had no intention of repealing the
collocation rule. n102 A subsequent closed-door briefing within the Pentagon
indicated that the Army was planning to do just that. n103 When that briefing
was reported in The Washington Times, n104 Lt. Gen. James Campbell, Staff
Director of  [*842]  the Army, issued a memo imposing restrictions on internal
documents and warning of "press leaks." n105 In January 2005, HASC Chairman
Duncan Hunter (R-Cal.) began conducting his own investigation to determine what
the Army was doing with its female soldiers. Hunter's investigation confirmed
that the Army was placing female soldiers in combat-collocated FSCs, while
simultaneously claiming that there was no need to inform Congress of such
changes. This claim was based on the administrative changes described above,
signaled by a subtle revision in DoD regulations. Army officials did not have
authority to make such revisions unilaterally, without authorization by the
Secretary of Defense.

   The unannounced policy changes in question were reflected in a "Women in the
Army Point Paper," prepared for the Secretary of the Army on January 24, 2005,
which misstated the DoD regulations as follows:



   Department of Defense policy (1994) prohibits the assignment of women to
units below the brigade level whose primary mission is direct ground combat.
Army policy (1992) further prohibits the assignment of women to positions or
units which routinely collocate with those units conducting an assigned direct
ground combat mission. n106

 This statement failed to note that Army rules (1992) were superseded by DoD
regulations (1994). The "Women in the Army Point Paper" also used the word
"conducting," which does not appear in the 1994 DoD regulations. n107 That word,
and variations of it that were used by Army officials elsewhere, implied that
female soldiers could be placed in or near direct ground combat units, with the
understanding that they would be evacuated before the troops began "conducting,"
"undertaking," or "performing" direct ground combat.

   This semantically nuanced difference appears to explain several astonishing
statements made by Secretary of the Army Francis J. Harvey in a meeting with
this Article's author on February 16, 2005. Secretary Harvey showed the author a
document listing twenty-four positions in a typical FSC that would be open to
women. When asked how this could be justified, Secretary Harvey claimed that a
problem did not exist, because the female soldiers would not be present when a
battle began. n108 In other words, female soldiers would be evacuated from a
combat-collocated FSC just prior to a battle. This author expressed concern
about commanding officers who would be  [*843]  required to send female soldiers
elsewhere at a time when they would be needed most and further noted that most
officers would balk at doing so. Secretary Harvey insisted that soldiers would
be required to follow orders. The means by which the female soldiers would be
evacuated on the eve of battle was not made clear. In several speeches and
articles, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Peter Schoomaker and Secretary Harvey both
claimed that women would not be present when troops started "conducting,"
"undertaking," or "performing" direct ground combat. n109 Equivocal words such
as this worked to mislead many members of Congress, but not the Chairman of the
House Armed Services Committee, Rep. Duncan Hunter.

   b. The Hunter/McHugh Amendments

 In May 2005, HASC Chairman Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Cal.), together with the
HASC's Military Personnel Subcommittee Chairman John McHugh (R-N.Y.),
co-sponsored amendments to the 2006 Defense Authorization Bill that would have
codified current DoD regulations and required the Army to comply with them. n110
The first Hunter/McHugh amendment, approved by Chairman McHugh's subcommittee on
May 11, 2005, would have specifically applied current DoD regulations regarding
women to the Army's new, modular brigade combat teams (BCTs), and exempted
female soldiers from placement in smaller forward support companies (FSCs) that
collocate or embed with direct ground combat maneuver battalions one hundred
percent of the time. n111 These collocated FSCs differ from larger
gender-integrated support units at the brigade level, where support personnel
are "in harm's way," but come and go intermittently. n112

    [*844]  When the Hunter/McHugh amendment passed the Personnel Subcommittee
in a nine-to-seven partisan vote on May 11, 2005, congressional feminists and
their media allies were nearly apoplectic. n113 In response to the uproar,
Hunter and McHugh substituted a new amendment. The second version of the
Hunter/McHugh amendment was less specific, but broader than the original,
because it would have codified DoD regulations affecting women in all the
services, and not just the Army. n114 Properly enforced, the Hunter/McHugh
amendment still would have required the Army to stop violating the 1994 DoD
regulations with regard to forward support companies and other direct ground
combat-collocated support units, and to refrain from redefining the Aspin
regulations without the approval of the Secretary of Defense and the legally
required notice to Congress in advance.

   During an intense, late-night debate on May 18, 2005, Democrat Committee
members Rep. Ike Skelton (D-Mo.), Rep. Vic Snyder (D-Ark.), Rep. Ellen Tauscher
(D-N.Y.), and Rep. Loretta Sanchez (D-Cal.) offered amendments that would have
stricken or modified the legislation. In a remarkable moment of clarity,
Chairman McHugh threw down the gauntlet by challenging his opponents to go ahead
and make the case for allowing the Army to assign women to ground combat units
without Congress having a say. n115 The issue, as Chairmen Hunter and McHugh saw
it, was the critical need for civilian control and oversight of the military in
this important matter of public policy. That was and remains a perfectly
legitimate issue to debate in a major congressional committee - especially since
Army officials have provided legislators with constantly changing, dissembling
information about the physical placement of female soldiers in or near direct
ground combat.

   Hunter and McHugh led the Republicans in defeating every crippling amendment
on narrow roll call or voice votes. Given the late hour, Republicans stayed
largely silent, but Chairmen Hunter and McHugh secured approval of their
amendment by the full House Armed Services Committee at 11:08 p.m. EST. n116
This surprised reporters, some of whom had already filed stories that did not
accurately report the debate. Ultimately, the original  [*845]  Hunter/McHugh
legislation was not enacted because then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
pressured Chairman Hunter to withdraw the legislation before it was voted on by
the full House.

   The third version of the Hunter/McHugh legislation, which was adopted by the
House on May 25, 2005, did not include language to codify current DoD
regulations. n117 Instead, the House bill mandated a report from the Secretary
of Defense on the subject by March 1, 2006, which was later changed in
Conference to March 31, 2006. The approved Hunter/McHugh legislation also
reaffirmed the law mandating formal notice to Congress of any changes in
regulations affecting women in or near ground combat:



   If the Secretary of Defense proposes to make any change ... to the ground
combat exclusion policy ... , the Secretary shall, before any such change is
implemented, submit to Congress a report providing notice of the proposed
change. Such a change may be implemented only after the end of a period of 60
days of continuous session of Congress ... following the date on which the
report is received.



A change referred to in paragraph (1) is a change that ... opens to service by
female members of the armed forces any category of unit or position that at that
time is closed to service by such members ... . n118


   c. Pentagon Resists Oversight by Congress

 Contrary to some news reports, final passage of the Hunter/McHugh amendment
would not have removed female soldiers from any positions in which they were
legally authorized to serve. n119 The amendment would have only codified current
DoD regulations adopted in 1994. n120 Nevertheless, big guns from liberal media,
some members of Congress with feminist views, and officials of the Department of
the Army denounced the Hunter/McHugh amendment as if  [*846]  it would have
ended the history of women in the military. n121 The campaign to criticize and
derail the Hunter/McHugh legislation benefited from months of neglect of the
story by major newspapers such as the Washington Post, the New York Times, and
even the Military Times. With few exceptions, these publications failed to
report on the significant events that had caused Hunter to investigate and act
in the first place - events that had been reported in some newspapers since the
fall of 2004. For many months, the Army had been bending, breaking, redefining,
or circumventing the rules on women in or near direct ground combat, but most
news organizations ignored the story until Chairman Hunter took the initiative
to sponsor legislation. n122

   In response to Chairman Hunter's amendment, Army officials initially denied
that they were permitting the illicit assignments, but later they used
misleading terms and unlikely scenarios to justify the placement of female
soldiers in battalion-level units that were required to be all male. n123 Four
equivocations have been used to circumvent policy and law, which could be
summarized as follows:

   . The Selective "Memory" Option. In the May 10, 2004, the "Quick Look
Options" briefing; the November 3, 2004, presentation to HASC staff members; and
the November 29, 2004, briefing conducted at the  [*847]  Pentagon, n124 the
Army claimed that it could operate under "additional restrictions" in Army
rules, effective in 1992. n125 The 1992 regulation, however, was superseded by
the DoD (Aspin) regulations of 1994. n126 The 1992 Army regulation also included
a "Risk Rule," which is no longer in effect. n127 Divergence from extant DoD
regulations cannot be justified by selectively observing part of an obsolete
rule - but not all of it.

   . The "Doublethink" Option. Field commanders were ordered to skirt the rules
by "assigning" women to gender-mixed support units at the brigade level while
physically placing them in units "attached" to maneuver battalions required to
be all-male. n128

   . The "Little Bit Pregnant" Option. Secretary Harvey's "Women in the Army
Point Paper," dated January 24, 2005, showed arbitrary changes in the gender
codes of twenty-four of 225 positions in a typical FSC. n129 Initial breaches in
the rules guaranteed more of the same. n130

   . The "Beam Me Up, Scotty" Option. Secretary Harvey's "Women in the Army
Point Paper" revised the collocation rule so that it would only apply when a
given unit is "conducting" direct ground combat. n131 However, without extra
vehicles and helicopters to evacuate female support soldiers on the eve of
battle, field commanders would have more luck acquiring Star Trek "transporter"
machines for that purpose.

   During the HASC debate, the first in more than a decade, officials continued
to change estimates of the number of positions that might have been closed to
women if the Hunter/McHugh legislation passed, ranging from a few dozen to a few
hundred. n132 However, on the day before the vote was scheduled, Lt. Gen. James
L. Campbell, Director of the Army Staff, sent a vague, two-  [*848]  sentence
letter to Chairman Hunter, which was released to the media. n133 The letter
claimed, without any supporting documentation, that "21,925 spaces currently
open to female Soldiers would be closed" n134 if the Hunter/McHugh amendment
passed. The statement was not credible because the legislation would have simply
codified the extant Aspin regulations, not altered them. The unsupported figure
nevertheless was used to stir up negative press and opposition to the
legislation. n135 Despite repeated inquiries, details to back up the Army's
claim have not been produced.

   Army Secretary Francis J. Harvey and Vice Chief of Staff Gen. Richard A. Cody
sent letters and dispatched several advocates to block the legislation before it
arrived on the House floor. n136 Then-Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld met
privately with Chairman Hunter and reportedly pressured him to withdraw the
HASC-approved legislation and replace it with language mandating a formal report
to Congress on the status of women in or near land combat. n137 That report was
mandated by the FY 2006 Defense Authorization Act n138 and was due on March 31,
2006. However, Secretary Rumsfeld and his Under Secretary for Personnel and
Readiness, Dr. David S.C. Chu, disregarded the deadline. n139 The task was
diverted to the Rand Corporation, which failed to produce a report in 2006. n140
As this article goes to press - more than a full year past the deadline for the
statute-mandated report to Congress - the Rand report has not yet been released.
This irresponsible delay has given Congress an excuse to avoid convening
oversight hearings for another full year, and possibly two.

   Consequential decisions affecting women are being made without congressional
oversight or accountability for the consequences. n141 Some  [*849]  legislators
on both sides of the aisle have taken this issue seriously, but most seem
unconcerned. Members of Congress frequently assert their right to oversee and
approve other national defense matters, but issues involving military women are
often treated as less important - except when sex scandals occur. This type of
double standard is disrespectful to military women, who certainly deserve
better.

   B. Incrementalism + Consistency = Radical Change

   1. Costs of Confusion

 In response to a question from a group of journalists in January 2005,
President George W. Bush said that his policy was "No women in [ground] combat."
n142 Nevertheless, the President has not intervened to restore the Army to
compliance with DoD policy and the congressional notification law. The risks of
allowing this situation to continue are high, especially since social engineers
cannot be relied upon to objectively evaluate the results of their own
recommendations and decisions.

   a. Presidential Intent and Inattention

 Even proponents of women in combat should feel uneasy about controversial
policies being implemented outside of current policy and law. In May 2005, Stars
and Stripes ran a story quoting female enlisted women and junior officers saying
that they should be allowed to make all decisions about where they should serve.
n143 Another story in the Washington Post quoted a female officer defending her
decision to send a female medic to serve with an airborne infantry company
without asking permission: "Think of the fallout if she had gotten wounded or
killed," the officer said. "I probably would have been brought up on charges for
defying Army policy." n144 Such insubordination is a recipe for chaos in a
profession that requires discipline and obedience to legitimate authority. It is
not acceptable to allow junior officers - or even four-star generals - to make
up the rules on their own.

   b. Precedents, Compromises and Consequences

 There are seven major categories of consequences, resulting from continuation
of the status quo, which should be of concern to the Commander in Chief:

   Morale. Soldiers are beginning to doubt the judgment of their leaders, n145
although they are rarely asked or permitted to express their concerns publicly.
Ordering women into land combat also creates a moral and cultural  [*850]
contradiction: violence against women is all right, as long as it happens at the
hands of the enemy.

   Legal. Federal courts have repeatedly upheld young women's exemption from
Selective Service obligations because women are not deployed in ground combat.
If the ground-combat policy is changed - deliberately or by default - a future
legal challenge, brought on behalf of men, would likely succeed. As a result,
women would be subject to Selective Service and military obligations on the same
basis as men, without a vote of Congress. n146

   Political. Families, upon finding that their daughters must register with
Selective Service and be subject to combat deployment on the same basis as men
if they join the military, are likely to hold accountable all elected officials
who allowed these things to happen. Recruiting for the volunteer force also
could suffer.

   Military Effectiveness. Military effectiveness will be directly affected if -
or, based on past experience, when - the training requirements are changed to
guarantee "success" for average female trainees in or near direct ground combat.
Proponents deny this would happen, while simultaneously demanding gender-normed
standards that measure "equal effort" instead of equal results. n147 Training in
direct ground combat units will have to be made less demanding for men, since
female trainees suffer stress fractures and other injuries at far greater rates.
Ultimately, lives will be needlessly lost when soldiers who are unable to cope
with the physical demands of direct ground combat are ordered (not merely
allowed) into those units anyway. n148

   Social/Cultural. Professional behavior between men and women is always
desired, but inappropriate relationships frequently occur on either end of a
spectrum between hostility and romantic involvements. Problems on the hostility
side lead to charges of harassment or worse. Entanglements on the other side
encourage breakdowns in discipline and unit cohesion, and sex scandals cause
personnel to be removed and units to be demoralized. n149

    [*851]  Readiness/Deployability. Romantic relationships of the type
mentioned above, frequently lead to pregnancies, escalating childcare costs,
single parenthood, family disruption and poverty, and personnel losses before
and during deployments. n150

   Precedent. Once an unchallenged decision is made to place women in some units
coded to be all male, there is nothing to prevent extension of the same practice
to other direct ground combat units, including the Marine infantry, artillery,
armor, Special Operations Forces, Special Operations Forces helicopters, and
Military Transition Teams (MTTs). Indications are that incremental changes in
extreme directions are already happening.

   c. Military Transition (Training) Teams (MTTs)

 No one has provided data proving shortages of men for the combat arms. Serious
deficiencies could occur, however, if the institutional Army continues to supply
Central Command with an unsuitable "inventory" of soldiers who are not eligible
for direct ground combat.

   Given the status of the Iraqi war at the beginning of 2007, the Army has a
great need for experienced combat soldiers who can train Iraqis to defend and
secure their own country. This training is being done by small Military
Transition Teams - sometimes called Military Training Teams, or most often MTTs
- composed of eleven to fifteen soldiers, officers, or Marines with ground
combat leadership experience. n151 MTT soldiers are embedded with Iraqi units
for one year in order to teach them military skills and combat tactics. Given
the closeness of the Transition Training Team relationship, and the fact that
Iraqi units are usually poorly equipped and under constant attack, MTT personnel
are required to be all male. n152 Specialized Army MTT training - which is
considered  [*852]  career-enhancing for volunteers - takes place at Fort Riley,
Kansas. However, some soldiers are assigned involuntarily to MTTs from
battalions operating in Iraq or Afghanistan, without receiving special training.
n153 There has been some controversy about soldiers who do not have the
experience or training to accomplish the critical mission of the MTTs. In an
interview with Army Times, Brig. Gen. Dana Pittard spoke very frankly about the
failure of the Army to provide the right type of soldiers for this important
job. "Only combat vets who inspire confidence," he said, "need apply." n154

   There are indications that, even though the small eleven-to fifteen-man MTTs
are required to be all-male, some deployed women may have been ordered to serve
in a battalion-level MTT - a clear violation of current DoD Regulations. n155
Given the Army's practice of redefining rules without prior notice, it is
difficult to determine what is happening in the field, but there is reason for
concern. The MTT mission, which is extremely important, should not be undermined
by cultural conflicts caused by unauthorized, incremental gender integration in
units required to be all male. It is very challenging and difficult enough to
train new Iraqi combat troops without forcing men of that culture to accept and
embed with female soldiers. Iraqi trainees respect all Americans, including our
female soldiers, but MTTs are combat schools, not charm schools. Terrorists who
are determined to create anarchy in Iraq by various means, including disruption
of the Iraqi/American Training Teams, could easily use cultural prejudice
against women and western culture to alienate male trainees who abjure obedience
to women. n156

   Unneeded social tensions that encourage indiscipline or international
incidents could destroy trust, demoralize American/Iraqi training teams, and
seriously undermine efforts to "stand up" more Iraqi combat battalions. n157 MTT
field commanders want to accomplish their missions well, but they will be blamed
for the consequences of socially volatile conditions ignited by predictable
"sparks." International scandals involving sexual harassment, misconduct, or
allegations of sexual assault between male Iraqi trainees and  [*853]  American
women could be set off by provocative photos or interviews broadcast worldwide.

   The Iraqi training mission must be accomplished successfully, so that
American troops can eventually withdraw. Combat is not a place for military
social experimentation with male troops of another culture who are interested in
survival, not sensitivity training.

   d. Marine Infantry, Special Operations Forces, SEALS, etc.

 Having allowed the Army to circumvent and ignore the DoD collocation rule, what
will Pentagon officials say when feminists inevitably demand "career
opportunities" in infantry battalions? The devil is not in the details but in
the standard of review used to determine policy. If the primary standard and
goal is the advancement of women's careers (instead of military necessity),
demands for consistency in all other ground combat units will be implemented
incrementally. If Congress abdicates its right and responsibility to provide
oversight, further gender integration will have to include Army and Marine
infantry, armor, Special Operations Forces, Special Operations Forces
helicopters, and Navy SEALS. And if "equal opportunity" is the primary
consideration, regulations regarding submarines will be next on the list.

   Regardless of the consequences of the current unauthorized changes, Marine
infantry and other specialized combat communities will be unable to make the
case that they are different from units already integrated with women. At that
point, all of the seven consequences listed above will occur at an accelerated
pace. Incremental integration will impose all the complications of gender
relationships on close combat units, making military life in the combat forces
even more difficult and more dangerous than it is now.

   2. What Do Women Want?

   a. DACOWITS Downplays Enlisted Women's Views

 The vocabulary of this Article acknowledges throughout that one woman's
"exclusion" from close combat is another woman's "exemption." On this issue, as
on all issues, not all women think alike. Contrary to opinions commonly
expressed by the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS)
and civilian feminists, Army surveys have indicated that the majority of
military women are strongly opposed to combat assignments. n158 Women are
especially opposed if they would be forced into combat on an equal basis with
men. Furthermore, in recent decades, particularly during the 1990s, the former
DACOWITS committee constantly promoted the repeal of women's combat exemptions
and other agenda items favored by feminists. n159 The  [*854]  influential
advisory committee operated as a tax-funded feminist lobby primarily composed of
civilian women and a few ambitious female officers. Based on the author's
personal observations as a member, the committee rarely heard from enlisted
women, even though they outnumber female officers by a ratio of five to one.
n160

   b. ARI Survey Shows Women Opposed

 The unrepresentative nature of DACOWITS may explain why the committee missed
the message conveyed by a series of surveys conducted by the Army Research
Institute (ARI), which found that most military women do not wish to participate
in combat assignments. n161 In 2001, for example, question number sixty in the
ARI "Sample Survey of Military Personnel" asked military people whether women
should be assigned to direct ground combat, which was defined as "engaging an
enemy on the ground with individual or crew-served weapons, while being exposed
to hostile fire and to a high probability of direct  [*855]  physical contact
with the hostile force's personnel." n162 A bar graph slide prepared by ARI
further indicated that the low number of enlisted personnel who were in favor of
placing women in combat on the same basis as men "had remained stable since the
fall of 1993." n163 Among female and male officers, levels of support - nineteen
percent and twenty percent, respectively - were higher, but still far less than
a majority. n164

   ARI also asked whether current policy "should be changed so that females can
also be "involuntarily assigned' [to combat units]." n165 The results, which
should have given the Army pause, indicated that only ten percent of enlisted
women wanted the Army to order female soldiers into combat units on an
involuntary basis. n166 Furthermore, when ARI's questionnaire inquired about
combat assignments on a voluntary basis - a hypothetical idea that is not a
workable option n167 - responses in favor were not much higher. n168 Only
twenty-six percent of enlisted women were in favor of voluntary combat for
women, as opposed to sixteen percent of the men. n169 Only twenty-nine percent
and twelve percent of female and male officers, respectively, were in favor of
voluntary combat assignments for women. n170 When the question was asked in
terms of "voluntary [combat] assignments for both males and females," the
percentages in favor ranged from a high of thirty-one percent (enlisted women)
to a low of seven percent (male officers). n171

   Such dismal survey results on the women in combat issue presented a problem
for Pentagon feminists. Obvious differences between the views of enlisted women
and outspoken female officers would undermine the perception that military women
uniformly desire "career opportunities" in or near close combat. The answer to
the problem was simple: If you do not wish to hear the answer, then stop asking
the question. In 2002, the ARI survey dropped the question about women in combat
and substituted less consequential inquiries. n172

    [*856]  It is difficult to think of any other major defense issue where
Pentagon officials have such politically correct blinders firmly in place. The
omission served to convey the clear message that Army officials simply do not
care what men and women think about new combat rules under which they must live
- and possibly die.

   Media reports about the experiences of women in the current war tend to quote
female soldiers who are enthusiastic about the idea of women in combat n173 -
estimated by the ARI surveys to be about ten to fifteen percent of women. n174
Even if that percentage is much higher among the female officers who communicate
with the media today, there is no evidence that the majority of female soldiers
- including those in the enlisted ranks - want to be involuntarily assigned in
or near close combat on the same basis as men.

   Even if polls and surveys among military personnel showed overwhelming
majorities in support of women in combat, the Congress and Commander in Chief
still should implement policies that rest on sound priorities and put the needs
of the military first.

   C. Complications on Co-Ed Submarines

 Unless the Commander in Chief fulfills his responsibility to enforce the
congressional notification law regarding women in land combat, n175 a similar
statute mandating advance notice before assigning female sailors to submarines,
enacted in 2000, will likely have no effect. n176 And if high-level Navy
officials decide to yield to feminist demands for "career opportunities" aboard
submarines, serious harm could be done to the health of female sailors, their
children, male submariners, and the "Silent Service" community as a whole.

[*857]

   1. Feminist Engineering and the "Silent Service" n177

 During the Administration of Bill Clinton, then-Secretary of the Navy John H.
Dalton issued a memorandum on April 29, 1994, directing the Chief of Naval
Operations to assess the cost of ship alterations to "give full consideration to
the importance of expanding opportunities for women into the submarine field, as
well as the cost effectiveness of the shipboard modifications necessary to
facilitate mixed gender crews." n178 The Science Applications International
Corporation (SAIC) prepared for the Navy an eighty-three page report titled
Submarine Assignment Policy Assessment (SAIC Report). The SAIC Report set forth
definitive information on why it would be unwise to assign female sailors to any
class of submarine. This study was given to DACOWITS in 1995, but it was not
revealed to the public until the fall of 1999. n179

   On June 3, 1999, Secretary Dalton's former Under Secretary and successor
Richard Danzig revived the issue during a speech before an annual symposium of
the Naval Submarine League in Norfolk, Virginia. n180 Danzig accused the
submarine community of being "a white male bastion" and suggested that the Navy
might lose political support in Congress if it did not consider gender
integration on submarines. n181 The Chief of Naval Operations, Adm. Jay Johnson,
resisted Danzig's pressure, responding that all-male submarine crews were "the
right thing for us." n182

[*858]

   a. DACOWITS

 In the fall of 1999, the Navy responded to an inquiry from the Defense Advisory
Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS), which the committee had submitted
to the Navy following its spring 1999 meeting. In their response, Navy briefers
explained the rationale behind Adm. Johnson's position in written responses and
a slide presentation before the forty-seven-year-old DACOWITS. n183 At the time,
DACOWITS was a group of twenty-five to thirty-five mostly civilian women
appointed by the Secretary of Defense to advise the Pentagon on all issues
involving women in the military. n184 The committee disregarded the Navy's
briefing and passed a resolution recommending that untold millions be spent to
accommodate mixed-gender crews on submarines. n185

   During DACOWITS's spring 2000 meeting, the Navy presented additional
information explaining many reasons why the Navy does not assign female  [*859]
sailors to submarines. n186 Again, the DACOWITS disregarded that information and
reaffirmed their unrealistic Fall 1999 resolution, recommending that smaller
(Virginia-class) submarines be redesigned to accommodate mixed crews in the
future and that female officers be assigned to larger Ohio-class (Trident)
ballistic missile (SSBN) submarines. n187 In submitting both of these
recommendations to the Secretary of Defense, committee members put their own
egalitarian agenda ahead of the good of the Silent Service. n188

   The DACOWITS also ignored compelling information included in the report of
the Science Applications International Corporation, which had been given to the
committee in June 1999. Points made by Navy representatives and by the SAIC
Report, all of which remain equally valid today, included the following:

   . "[Alterations for co-ed crews would] further reduce existing below-standard
conditions (for both genders); or require the removal of equipment as a space
and weight trade-off, which would result in reduced operational capabilities of
the ship; or in the extreme, require lengthening of the ship to obtain
additional space and weight margin. This option would be very costly." n189

   . Separate quarters for female sailors would further cramp living spaces on
all submarines, which already fail to meet the habitability standards applied to
surface ships - and to an intolerable degree: n190 fifty enlisted  [*860]
submariners use each shower, compared to twenty-five surface sailors; an
enlisted submariner has less than half the storage space of his surface
counterpart (three cubic feet vs. seven-and-one-half cubic feet); and vertical
space between bunks measures only eighteen inches on submarines, compared to
twenty-four inches on ships. n191

   . Virginia-class attack subs (SSNs) were designed to be smaller than the
Seawolf in order to reduce costs. Extensive redesign, as demanded by DACOWITS,
"would have two negative effects: further degrade habitability for both genders
and require removal of operational equipment reducing warfighting
effectiveness." n192

   . Ship alterations to accommodate women would cost approximately $ 5 million
per attack sub, not including redesign costs of approximately $ 15 million per
class, plus an unknown amount for required system changes and associated costs.
The Navy's minimum estimate is that altering a submarine to accommodate women
would cost seventy-eight times more per crewmember than would making comparable
alterations on aircraft carriers. n193

   . More importantly, estimates of cost do not reflect the operational hazards
of degrading undersea performance characteristics and combat capabilities, which
are vastly different from the surface fleet. The crew lives in and around
equipment - an existence that has been compared to living inside a clock.
"Critical electronic, hydraulic, and high pressure air systems pass through
submarine berthing spaces." n194 Redesignation of space designed for operational
equipment could  [*861]  "potentially [impact] the ship's endurance and/or
mission capability." n195

   . A plan to assign female sailors and officers only to larger Trident
submarines (SSBNs, also known as "boomers") would create an unacceptable
two-tiered officer community: one group that can serve on any submarine, and
another that can only be assigned to Tridents. Without the opportunity to assign
sailors to both types of submarines, in order to broaden experience in each, it
would become increasingly difficult to maintain a properly balanced and
experienced officer community. This would disadvantage women in any fair
selection process for command. Additionally, assigning women only to the larger
Trident subs would create a perceived inequity within the community. n196

   b. The SAIC Report

 The 1995 Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) Report provided
additional information on the complications of co-ed submarines, including a
simple drawing that was worth 10,000 words. n197 The drawing illustrated
habitability concerns by superimposing the outline of a Boeing 747 aircraft
fuselage over the cramped living spaces of an attack submarine. The cabin of a
747 jetliner, in which passengers spend only a few hours while in flight,
appears roomier than the space in which submariners must live, work, and sleep
for extended periods.

   The SAIC Report explained that nuclear powered SSBN "boomers" stay submerged
for as long as seventy-seven continuous days. n198 SSN (attack) subs deploy for
as long as six months at a time, with infrequent port calls. n199 The thought of
spending seventy-seven days on a 747 should give pause to any reasonable person.
The SAIC Report also put the issue into perspective by assigning priority to the
needs of the Silent Service:



   Considerations of mixed gender crews must be undertaken in the context of the
combat effectiveness of the submarine. The Supreme Court has upheld that Title
VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which ensures all individuals are treated
equally before the law with respect to civilian employment, does not apply to
the military profession.



Submarines are unique. They are able to operate alone - submerged and
unsupported - undetected in a hostile environment for months at a time, limited
only by food supplies and the endurance of the crew. The vital characteristics
of submarines generate competing design requirements, including safety of
submerged operations, quieting, equipment accessibility and density. The final
design is a trade-off that is dominated by operational effectiveness,
engineering  [*862]  constraints and cost. In parceling out available space,
structure and equipment needed for submarine stealth, mobility, endurance and
payload take priority over habitability. Non-essentials stay ashore. The crew
must live in and around equipment. There is virtually no space for recreation.



Berthing and sanitary spaces are cramped. "Hot-bunking," wherein three crew
members share two bunks in shifts, is standard operating procedure on attack
submarines. The total living area for more than 130 people is equivalent to a
medium-size house. Unencumbered deck space in sleeping areas, toilets, and
showers, is about one-half to one-third that afforded to a crew member on a
small surface ship ... .



Efforts continue to be made to minimize hot bunking, however the reality is that
hot bunking is still required to accomplish sea missions. To reduce the number
of crew required to hot bunk, commanding officers will often grant the option of
laying down mattresses in the torpedo room where there is some unencumbered deck
space. Generally, crew members prefer the inconvenience and lack of privacy
involved in these sleeping arrangements to sleeping in shifts on permanent
bunks. n200

 According to the magazine National Defense, "A nuclear submarine embodies the
highest form of integrated technologies in the world - more complex than even
space vehicles - and [it] must operate in a more hostile environment." n201

   Safety concerns that cannot be engineered away are even more daunting:

   . A submarine is analogous to an "undersea aircraft," which patrols the
oceans for months at a time, unsupported and undetected in an environment more
hostile than space. "When submerged, even a small breach in a seawater piping
system can threaten the ship and all aboard. The closed atmosphere of a
submarine creats physical risks. In case of fire, for example, a submarine must
quickly get to the surface to evacuate smoke or toxic fumes." n202

   . Addressing the notion that submarines can be "stretched" like town car
wedding limousines, SAIC added the following: "New sanitary facilities require
more piping modifications in submarines, and may in some cases require
additional seawater piping or hull penetrations. These are not insignificant
modifications ... . Both berthing and sanitary facility modifications require
corresponding electrical system changes as well ... ."

   . "In both the Los Angeles and Seawolf classes, modifications which attain
compliance with the [habitability] standards may not be possible without
lengthening the ship ... ." Re-assignment of scarce sanitary facilities to
female sailors - restricting, in many cases, fifty percent of facilities to ten
percent of the crew - would cause inequities for the  [*863]  men. Cross-rank,
single-gender berthing arrangements would disrupt prerogatives of rank in an
already-stressful environment. n203

   . According to preliminary work done on the new Virginia-class attack
submarines, "additional facilities for women would require an increase in length
from the baseline design and even then, the facilities [would not be] fully
compliant with the [habitability] standards." n204

   There is no compelling reason to make submarine living spaces even more
cramped, but that is exactly what DACOWITS recommended.

   c. Birth Defects and Medical Emergencies

 The SAIC Report set forth one of the most compelling reasons why submarines
should remain all-male. Medical dangers inherent in gynecological emergencies,
and insurmountable risks of birth defects to unborn fetus "passengers" who
accompany their mothers to work on the sub, could endanger crew members and
undermine undersea missions. n205 The only female sailors who could safely be
assigned to submarines would be women without the physical capability to have
children. n206

   There are several reasons why pregnancy would be a greater concern on
submarines than on surface vessels. First, the primary health risk to pregnant
females in submarines is not nuclear power (as might be commonly assumed), but
rather it is the constantly recycled air on submarines. On June 12, 2000, Rear
Adm. Hugh P. Scott, MC, U.S. Navy (Ret.), an expert in the field of undersea
medicine, wrote letters to House and Senate Armed Services Committees,
explaining in detail the medical and operational hazards of assigning female
sailors of child-bearing age to submarines, due to risks of birth defects caused
by elements in a submarine's constantly recycled atmosphere that are safe for
adults but not for unborn children. While undertaking clinical tests to
conclusively establish these hazards would be impossible without exposing women
and children to unacceptable risks in the process, n207 Rear Adm. Scott's advice
was not mere rhetoric: The Institute of Naval Medicine in the United Kingdom, in
a study done for the British Royal Navy in 1997, independently came to similar
conclusion. n208

    [*864]  As a practical matter, certain atmospheric molecules, such as carbon
monoxide and carbon dioxide, cannot be reduced in a submarine's closed undersea
environment to a level that is safe for unborn children. Fires, smoking,
equipment malfunction, and overheated insulation all produce carbon monoxide,
which presents a real threat to a female submariner's unborn child. According to
several studies cited by the SAIC Report:



   The major gases present and routinely monitored aboard submarines include:
carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, hydrogen, oxygen, fluorocarbon-12 and
fluorocarbon-114. With regard to toxicological considerations, the carbon
monoxide present in the closed environment of the submarine can have an adverse
effect on the development of the fetus ... While normal adults have a reserve
capacity and compensatory response ... the fetus under normal situations can be
functioning close to a critical level with respect to tissue oxygen supply, so
even a moderate carbon monoxide exposure could decrease the oxygen transport
capacity of maternal and fetal hemoglobin and result in interference in fetal
tissue oxygenation during important developmental stages.



... .



The fetus is most sensitive and at the greatest risk in terms of the
toxicological effects of the environment during the first three months of
gestation. n209

 Second, in addition to the risks inherent in permitting normal pregnancies to
occur aboard submarines, gender-integrated submarines would be faced with
emergencies such as ruptured ectopic pregnancies, which are life-threatening and
untreatable by a medical officer (usually not a doctor) in a sub's closet-sized
"sick bay." n210 The SAIC Report noted:



   The medical problems sometimes associated with pregnancy, such as ruptured
ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous hemorrhagic abortion, or septic abortion would be
significantly magnified in the submarine environment. The occurrence of a
ruptured ectopic pregnancy is a life threatening emergency that requires a
correct diagonosis and a prompt medevac to a medical treatment facility with an
obstetrical surgical capacity. In the U.S. there is one [such] pregnancy for
each [sixty] diagnosed pregnancies. Eighty percent of ruptured ectopic
pregnancies occur between four to eight weeks after the last menstrual period.
n211

 In his letter to Chairman Spence, Rear Adm. Scott noted, "Testing all women for
pregnancy will not remove the risk because the pregnancy test may not be
positive in very early pregnancy, the time at which ectopic pregnancy poses the
greatest problem." n212 It would be prudent to conduct mandatory pregnancy tests
prior to deployment, but in the past, female officers have  [*865]  rejected
mandatory pre-deployment pregnancy tests as an infringement on women's rights,
and intimidated men have capitulated to their demands. n213

   If a submarine's captain were faced with a female sailor in acute medical
distress, or a pregnant sailor who fears birth defects due to carbon monoxide
and other toxic elements in the atmosphere, what is the skipper to do? An
immediate, unexpected trip to the surface would compromise the sub's undersea
mission. In addition, mid-ocean evacuations, accomplished by means of a basket
dangling from a helicopter, would be extremely perilous for all concerned,
especially when a sub is operating in deep ocean or under polar ice.

   Pregnancy is not a minor concern. According to the Center for Naval Analysis,
the unplanned loss rate for female sailors on surface ships (twenty-three to
twenty-five percent) is more than two-and-one-half times the rate for men (eight
to ten percent) - most often due to pregnancy and other medical conditions. n214
Proportional losses on submarines could compromise stealth missions and have a
devastating effect on morale and readiness. n215

   . The unplanned loss of any sailor from a small-crewed submarine, which
requires 100% manning for continuous eighteen-hour shift cycles, imposes
considerable stress on remaining crewmembers. Properly trained replacement
personnel, who are usually not available even on surface ships, would be even
more difficult to find and place on technologically advanced submarines. n216

   . Replacements for unplanned personnel losses would have to match in terms of
gender as well as qualifications, since replacement of a female  [*866]  with a
male would lessen the hot bunking burden on women and increase it for men, and
vice versa. n217

   Normal operations and damage control can be physically demanding on
submarines as well as on surface ships. The last Navy study of its kind found
that significant percentages of female sailors were unable to perform the
following tasks: Stretcher carry, level (38%); Stretcher carry, up and down
ladder (88%); Start P250 Pump (75%); and Remove SSTG Pump (99%). None of the men
failed to perform any of these tasks, which are commonly performed during
shipboard emergencies. n218 This type of equipment is still used on board Navy
ships. Often another sailor is not available to share the load, particularly
given narrow shipboard space constraints.

   d. Interpersonal Relationships

 There are additional reasons why it would be unwise to impose unresolvable
social and management problems on the submarine community. The SAIC Report's
cautionary words to social engineers are comparable to the warnings given to
NASA mechanical engineers about the dangers of sparks and fire in a pure-oxygen
environment.

   First, recent experience indicates that inappropriate relationships - ranging
from harassment to sexual attraction - will occur and be known to the entire
crew. Displays of affection are sure to undermine morale and discipline, since
there is no effective way to separate the people involved, short of evacuation.
Unplanned surfacings to remove sailors due to inappropriate personal behavior,
as well as for medical/pregnancy emergencies, would further compromise the
mission. n219

   Second, unrelenting stress and an absence of personal comforts and privacy
place a premium on morale and cohesion of the crew. There is no fresh air or
communication with the outside world, except for fifty-word family grams that
are not private. n220 Divorce rates in the submarine community are already very
high. n221 Further stress on families, combined with predictable unplanned
losses and non-deployability problems, could worsen personnel shortages, instead
of improving them.

    [*867]  Lastly, by means of comparison, Norway, Sweden, and Australia assign
a few women to small submarines, but brief coastal deployments are nowhere near
as demanding as American submarine requirements. On small, thirty-person Swedish
subs, men and women change clothes, bunk, and shower in the same spaces. In an
interview with Navy Times, Swedish sailors said that romantic relationships
occurring in submarines are conducted "professionally" and treated with wary
acceptance. n222 Such arrangements are incompatible with sound
personnel-management practices and American cultural values. n223

   The Navy's responses to DACOWITS and to the SAIC Report made additional
points in response to concerns about women's careers. For instance, Navy
officials explained that it would not be rational to assign women only to the
larger, more spacious nuclear submarines, because submariners must have
operational experience in all classes of submarines in order to advance their
careers. Limiting women only to larger nuclear submarines would disadvantage
women, even while being perceived as preferentrial treatment unfair to men. n224
Furthermore, opportunities for women in specialized fields, such as nuclear
propulsion, are readily available in other advanced classes of ships, such as
AEGIS cruisers and Nimitz-class aircraft carriers. n225

   The SAIC Report and the Navy's Fall 1999 and Spring 2000 responses did not
matter to DACOWITS, which nonetheless recommended that women be assigned
incrementally to larger Ohio-class (Trident) ballistic missile submarines
(SSBNs), and eventually to the new Virginia-class attack submarines, which are
much smaller than Los Angeles-class attack subs (SSNs). The Department of the
Navy, however, has not changed its official position:



   In July 1995, the Secretary of the Navy concurred with the Chief of Naval
Operation's recommendation not to open submarines to women. He specified that
the issue was to be assessed as the Navy's experience evolved in the Women at
Sea program on surface combatants. To date, the information which has become
available in the Women at Sea program does not provide a basis for changing this
policy. Therefore, in accordance with SECNAVINST 1300.12B, Assignment of Women
Members in the Department of the Navy, submarines remain closed to women. n226

  [*868]

   2. The Bartlett Amendment Mandating Oversight

 Rep. Roscoe Bartlett (R-Md.), a member of the HASC Personnel Subcommittee,
recognized that advocates of women on submarines were misguided. n227 Rep.
Bartlett also realized that a single incremental step to put female sailors on
any class of submarine would inevitably lead to irreversible changes on all
classes of subs - all without congressional oversight or approval. n228 Such
actions become inevitable when policymakers assign highest priority to equal
opportunity and career considerations - at the expense of the needs of the
military - and knowingly create career path problems that cannot be solved
without taking additional steps in the wrong direction. n229

   Noting that "any policy change of this magnitude simply must undergo review
by Congress and public debate," Rep. Bartlett wisely sponsored and successfully
passed an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
2001, which forbids the use of DoD funds to gender-integrate submarines unless
Congress is formally notified thirty legislative days (when both houses of
Congress are in session, or approximately three months) in advance. n230

   Such a mandate would not be necessary if the power of gender politics in the
Pentagon were not so great - both then and now. In 2006, the Chief of Naval
Operations, Adm. Mike Mullen, departed from long-standing Navy policy in several
speeches and interviews, speaking favorably about the prospect of assigning
women to submarines. n231 A statement by Adm. Mullen promoting "diversity in the
ranks," which he said should be "mandatory," apparently has encouraged
unnecessary gender quotas at the U.S. Naval Academy, n232 which the
Superintendent, Vice Adm. Rodney Rempt, has promoted as a solution to sexual
harassment. n233 Adm. Mullen and Vice Adm. Rempt seem to be unconcerned  [*869]
about the illogic of creating an artificially large cohort of female officers
who are not eligible for assignment to combat communities that must, under DoD
regulations and Navy policy, remain all-male.

   Marine infantry are sorely needed to train Iraqi men for combat in Iraq, and
the undermanned SEAL community is the Navy's number one recruiting priority.
n234 The submarine fleet is shrinking, but skilled officers and crewmen are
difficult to find. Women cannot fill those billets due to habitability and
health considerations. Self-sterilization is not a civilized option.
Furthermore, given the most pressing personnel needs of the Navy and Marine
Corps, it is not prudent for the Chief of Naval Operations and the
Superintendent of the Naval Academy to keep increasing gender quotas, which will
produce more female officers than the Navy needs. These discriminatory quotas
are an egregious example of double standards involving women (DSIW), and they
comprise a self-created demographic dilemma in the making. DSIWs cause otherwise
intelligent and honorable men to do irrational things.

   D. Double Standards in Naval Aviation

   1. Death of an Aviator

 The ramp of an aircraft carrier is unforgiving, and the penalty for errors can
be death. The story of the first two women trained to fly the F-14 Tomcat
demonstrates the dangers of advancing female trainees with special concessions
that elevate risks in extremely hazardous occupations.

   a. The Kara Hultgreen Story

 Shortly after Defense Secretary Les Aspin issued regulations permitting the
training of female pilots in tactical aviation, n235 Lt. Kara S. Hultgreen and
Lt. Carey Dunai Lohrenz became the first two women trained to fly the F-14
Tomcat. n236

   On October 25, 1994, Lt. Hultgreen lost control of her aircraft on approach
to the carrier USS Abraham Lincoln. n237 Her back seat radar intercept officer
barely ejected in time, but Lt. Hultgreen plummeted into the ocean and died.
n238 The  [*870]  carrier platform videotape and subsequent investigations
confirmed that the primary cause of Hultgreen's mishap was pilot error. n239 The
crash was a tragedy but no disgrace, since most aviation mishaps are caused by
inadvertent mistakes. This fatal accident was different, however, in that it
involved double standards in aviation training - DSIW of the most dangerous
kind.

   The glide-slope errors that caused Lt. Hultgreen to stall the engine and
depart from safe flight on approach to the carrier ramp were similar to mistakes
that she had made twice before. Lt. Hultgreen's instructors gave her "pink
sheets" marking unsatisfactory performance for similar errors in training. Lt.
Hultgreen was well-liked and respected by her colleagues, and she probably would
have developed into a skilled aviator if given sufficient time. n240 Her
graduation into carrier aviation, however, was accelerated before she was ready.
n241 The second female trainee, Lt. Carey Lohrenz, washed out of carrier
aviation in May 1995. n242 Lt. Lohrenz frequently blamed others for the low
scores and numerous "pink sheets" that she had received, which were far worse
than those earned by Lt. Hultgreen, and historically would have disqualified
male aviation trainees. n243 When officers in her squadron removed Lt. Lohrenz
from  [*871]  carrier aviation following a Field Naval Aviation Evaluation Board
(FNAEB), she complained of sex discrimination. n244

   Several investigations were conducted, but they found no evidence of bias
against Lohrenz or other women in Air Wing Eleven. n245 Adm. Brent M. Bennit,
Commander of the Naval Air Force, U.S. Pacific Fleet, reviewed available
documentation and conducted oral interviews with key officers familiar with
events leading up to Lohrenz' FNAEB. Adm. Bennit concluded that the decision to
terminate Lt. Lohrenz's flight status in the F-14 was "an appropriate decision,"
due to several documented factors, including, in part: "continued substandard
carrier landing performance;" "erratic and, at times, dangerously unpredictable
carrier landing performance;" "repeated instances of slow or unresponsive
compliance with landing signal officer advice or direction;" exhibiting "a
consistent and disconcerting tendency to minimize her personal responsibility
for her substandard carrier landing performance;" and exhibiting, "at best, a
marked tendency to seriously exaggerate her accounts of events or, at worst, a
lack of truthfulness in accepting responsibility for deficiencies."  [*872]
Adm. Bennit met with Lt. Lohrenz on April 26, 1996, but he denied her request
for reinstatement of flight status on June 12, 1996. n246

   Lt. Lohrenz remained dissatisfied, and her parents sent a letter of complaint
to Under Secretary of the Navy Richard Danzig, who promised another
investigation. n247 In 1996, the Naval Inspector General conducted yet another
probe of possible sex discrimination against female aviators in Air Wing Eleven.
n248 Over a period of months the Navy IG conducted scores of sworn interviews
with male and female pilots, wing commanders, instructors, medical personnel,
and Pacific Fleet commanders. With only a few minor exceptions no evidence was
found to support allegations of discrimination against Lt. Lohrenz or any
another female aviator in Air Wing Eleven. n249

   Unredacted transcripts of Navy IG interviews and documents, revealed,
however, that special concessions had been extended to ensure that the first two
women trained to fly the F-14 in combat would not be allowed to fail. n250 The
squadron commanding officer commented that, after regulations changed in  [*873]
1993, there was a "race with the Air Force" to get women into combat aviation.
n251 Lts. Hultgreen and Lohrenz technically were qualified to fly - both were
given keys to the aircraft. The definition and concept of "qualified," however,
was effectively changed to ensure the women's graduation to the fleet. Instead
of pursuing excellence and high standards first, the Navy was giving priority to
a political goal: making amends for the Tailhook scandal. n252 This was done
despite performance problems that historically had not been accepted in aviators
aspiring to be pilots in carrier aviation - the Navy's most hazardous
occupation. n253 Questions persisted about the readiness and competency of the
two women - particularly Carey Dunai Lohrenz - to fly the F-14 Tomcat in combat.
n254

   Prior to the death of Lt. Hultgreen, Lt. Patrick Burns and others in the
training squadron expressed concerns about the competency of the two female
pilots to the training squadron (VF-124) commanding officer, Cmdr. Thomas
Sobiek, but were told that the women were going to graduate, no matter what.
n255  [*874]  Navy officials normally do not speculate on the cause of aircraft
mishaps. In this case, Navy spokesmen began almost immediately to mislead the
public about the circumstances of Lt. Hultgreen's crash and the controversial
training that preceded it. n256

   In the days and weeks following the death of Lt. Hultgreen, Navy officials
continued to insist that she had been fully qualified to fly an F-14. Aviators
who knew of problems in the training of Lt. Hultgreen and, to a greater degree,
Lt. Lohrenz, expressed their dissatisfaction publicly but anonymously in the San
Diego area. Months later, evidence came to light that there was good reason for
their concerns.

   During the Air Wing Eleven investigation, one of the Navy IG witnesses, Lt.
Cmdr. Rheinhart Wilke, testified that he had previously evaluated the
performance of Lt. Hultgreen during her second attempt to carrier qualify, which
took place on July 19-21, 1994. Lt. Cmdr. Wilke told investigators that he had
recommended a Field Naval Aviation Evaluation Board (FNAEB) to review Lt.
Hultgreen's performance before granting her carrier qualification. n257 An
Evaluation Board proceeding might have delayed her graduation to the fleet, but
she probably would have improved and eventually succeeded as an F-14 pilot. Lt.
Cmdr. Wilke's recommendation was overruled, and Lt. Hultgreen was assigned to a
squadron on the carrier Lincoln. n258

   Three months after the women's carrier qualification, on October 25, 1994,
Lt. Cmdr. Wilke was a senior landing signal officer on the Lincoln. It was
Wilke's voice heard on the chilling videotape of Hultgreen's crash, pleading
with her to "Raise your gear!" apply "Power, power!" and finally "Eject!"
Hultgreen was unable to regain control of the plane to make a second approach,
or to save her own life by ejecting in time. During testimony given to the Naval
Inspector General on July 3, 1996, which was not mentioned in the publicly
released report, Lt. Cmdr. Wilke said, "Watching Kara Hultgreen die was the
worst thing in my life." n259

   On February 28, 1995, Navy officials in San Diego conducted a news conference
releasing the Judge Advocate General Manual (JAGMAN) report on the fatal crash.
n260 The videotape was shown and broadcast repeatedly on  [*875]  network
television. Although technical details contained in that report indicated that
the pilot had precipitated the engine stall and caused the aircraft to depart
from controlled flight, n261 Navy Public Affairs officials continued to suggest
that engine failure, not pilot error, was the primary cause of the crash. n262
The Navy's dissembling caused even more controversy nationwide, particularly
within the aviation community. n263 During subsequent testimony given during a
deposition, Lohrenz admitted that she knew her colleagues would be agitated by
the controversy, and that she herself was incredulous about statements being
made about the cause of Lt. Hultgreen's crash. n264 San Diego Union-Tribune
Insight Editor Robert J. Caldwell later reported that simulator tests had been
rigged to show that engine failure was the primary cause of Lt. Hultgreen's
mishap. n265

[*876]

   b. The Truth Comes to Light

 Lt. Patrick (Jerry) Burns, F-14 instructor and naval flight officer, was
present at an all-officers meeting in the summer of 1994, during which his
commander made it clear that the women would graduate to the fleet, no matter
what. n266 Lt. Burns had two major concerns: (1) that one of the women would die
in an F-14 mishap; and (2) that, should a crash occur, Navy authorities would
try to deny that its own double standards in training the women had led to the
crash. n267 Lt. Burns was, unfortunately, correct on both counts. Lt. Burns had
expressed his concerns to local commanders several times, but they refused to
acknowledge or correct the situation. n268 When communications broke down
completely, Lt. Burns contacted the Center for Military Readiness and asked for
[*877]  assistance in conveying his concerns about safety to the highest levels
of the Navy. n269 Lt. Burns was not opposed to women participating in combat
aviation, but he did not want to see another aviator die due to compromises and
double standards in training. In a letter dated January 16, 1995, Elaine
Donnelly of the Center for Military Readiness asked Sen. Strom Thurmond
(R-S.C.), then-Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, to investigate
whether the statements and detailed information provided by her confidential
source, Lt. Burns, were true. n270

   Donnelly met to discuss the matter with the Vice Chief of Naval Operations,
Adm. Stanley Arthur, on January 6, February 8, and March 24, 1995. She also met
with the Chief of Naval Operations, Adm. Jeremy (Mike) Boorda, on March 6, 1995.
Rear Adm. Lyle Bien, who was sent to San Diego to investigate the situation,
reported to Adm. Arthur that Donnelly's information was "largely accurate." n271
An experienced aviator reviewing Lt. Lohrenz's records told Donnelly that they
were the worst he had ever seen. n272

   In the hopes that disclosure of the information would enable Navy personnel
and Americans to engage in a responsible discussion that would lead to
constructive reforms, the Center for Military Readiness published the twenty
page CMR Special Report: Double Standards in Naval Aviation on April 25, 1995.
n273 The meticulously researched report included 104 pages of related documents
and training records showing numerous "pink sheets" and low scores given to the
women in training. n274 These were the same records that the January 1995
investigation had found to be "largely accurate." n275

[*878]

   2. The Dangers of DSIW in Carrier Aviation Training

 At the time Lt. Lohrenz was removed from carrier aviation by a FNAEB in May
1995, she ranked 113th of 113 pilots and washed out because her flying
techniques were "unsafe, undisciplined, and unpredictable." n276 Senior landing
signal officers testified that her flawed "high and fast" flying patterns,
combined with her tendency to blame others for her own mistakes and to disregard
instructions, made Lt. Lohrenz an "accident waiting to happen." n277

   Lt. Lohrenz's rocky F-14 training records, the same ones published by CMR,
were among the documents considered by the evaluation board, but she did not
take the opportunity to challenge those records. The Air Wing Eleven
investigation revealed that Lt. Lohrenz had been on a "watch list" for poor
performance as early as January 3, 1995 n278 - well before Donnelly's initial
letter to Sen. Thurmond, n279 which Lt. Lohrenz later claimed had ruined her
career. n280

   During an interview with reporter Mike Wallace of CBS 60 Minutes on April 19,
1998, former Vice Chief of Naval Operations (Vice CNO) Adm. Stanley Arthur said
that the Navy had hoped that putting women on aircraft carriers would help its
"image problems." He added, "This was a way that we could at least demonstrate
that the ... [apparent] reluctance of the Navy to deal properly with women
coming out of Tailhook could be put aside; that we were in fact, not the ogres
that we were painted to be." n281 During a sworn deposition taken on April 28,
2000, Adm. Arthur admitted under cross-examination that "in this case we sent
people to the fleet not qualified." n282

    [*879]  This stunning statement confirmed a mountain of evidence that Navy
officials had vainly tried to keep from coming to light. What had begun as a
public relations campaign ended in the death of a pioneering female pilot. Lt.
Hultgreen was the victim of political correctness and DSIW taken to an extreme.

   On June 12, 1995, The San Diego Union-Tribune published a news photograph of
the ruined F-14 aircraft in which Lt. Hultgreen had died. n283 The caption
beneath the photo read, "The F-14 is an unforgiving aircraft. Its safe operation
is an issue that is bigger and more important than any individual pilot." n284
That photo and caption summarized an issue that has yet to be acknowledged by
Navy leaders, much less resolved.

   The CMR Special Report was published with the hope that Navy officials would
affirm the importance of high, uncompromised standards in all forms of naval
aviation training. n285 By all accounts, female pilots are performing
courageously and well in the current war. Repercussions from the Tailhook
incident are long past. But high, uncompromised standards do not spontaneously
come into being by themselves - military leaders should insist on excellence as
the highest priority, especially in hazardous occupations such as carrier
aviation. This is why it is important to understand the story of Kara Hultgreen.
Will Navy officials remember the hard lessons learned?

   In a June 2006 speech, Chief of Naval Operations Adm. Mike Mullen promoted
"diversity" as what he called a "strategic imperative" at all levels of the
Navy. n286 After his remarks, Adm. Mullen was asked what role qualifications
plays in increasing diversity. Mullen responded, "I think I have seen a stunning
number of examples where we thought more qualified was really more  [*880]
qualified, where it wasn't. So I don't want to get stuck on an absolute
definition of more qualified." n287

   Diversity and high standards should not be in conflict, but an overemphasis
on diversity as a "strategic imperative" could result in compromises that
detract from the pursuit of excellence and non-discrimination as primary
institutional goals. n288 It will take wise, unwavering leadership to avoid past
mistakes and to maintain sound priorities. If high-level officials really want
to advance the status of women in the military, they should consciously address
the issue of compromises in training and other forms of DSIW that are dangerous
and demoralizing to women and men alike. n289

   III. Good Order and Discipline

   A. Aberdeen to Abu Ghraib

 In March 2004, graphic photographs of decadent behavior at the Abu Ghraib
prison in Iraq were published and broadcast worldwide. Outraged members of
Congress demanded to know why and how the Army had allowed such a thing to
happen. But the scandal, repugnant as it was, should not have been a complete
surprise. Abu Ghraib was not the first or only place where poor training,
indiscipline, and inadequate supervision created prime conditions for sexual
misconduct within the military.

   The admirable service of the majority of our female soldiers has been - and
should be - documented. The purpose of this discussion is to analyze personnel
policies that have tried to test the theory that men and women are
interchangeable beings in what could be described as a New Gender Order.
Scandals involving sexual misconduct in the military are not isolated incidents.
They are indicators of a social experiment gone wrong.

   1. Co-Ed Basic Training

   a. Gender-Normed Illusions

 In the fall of 1994, civilian policy makers led by Sara Lister, Assistant
Secretary of the Army for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, effectively forced Army
officials to acccept co-ed basic training. This was a policy trade-off to avoid
implementation of her plans to assign women to some direct ground combat
positions. n290 The plan for gender-integrated basic training disregarded
[*881]  the results of a prior experiment with Army co-ed basic training that
had been tried and discontinued once before. n291

   Gender-integrated basic training is based on the unrealistic assumption that
men and women are interchangeable in all military roles. The concept tries to
circumvent or disguise physical differences with gender-normed training
standards that reward equal effort rather than equal results. Advocates make the
disingenuous claim that men and women are doing the same things with identical
rating systems, even though everyone knows that they are not.

   Gender norming is to social engineering what false facades are to poorly
designed buildings. To create the appearance of "equality," scoring and
rating/qualification systems are adjusted in various ways to make it "fair" for
women in physical training exercises. Every service is different, but the Navy
Fitness Standards for males and females, age twenty to twenty-four, demonstrate
how gender-normed scores and rating systems work to create the illusion of
"equality." n292

   . In the 1.5-mile run, the Navy PRT Score minimum is fifty points. To achieve
a "Satisfactory/Medium" rating (and fifty points), a man must run 1.5 miles in
thirteen minutes and fifteen seconds, or 13:15. n293 To earn the same 50 points,
a woman must run 1.5 miles in fifteen minutes and fifteen seconds, or 15:15.
n294 She is given a two-minute advantage, but due to the gender-normed scoring
system, her performance is rated as "equal" to that of the man, earning her the
same fifty points. n295

   . In the push-up category, male trainees must do forty-two pushups for a
minimum score; n296 women must do seventeen. n297 Men must swim 500 yards in
12:15; n298 women get 14:00 to do the same thing. n299 Under the Navy PRT rules,
all scores are averaged and measured against a rating system, in categories
ranging from "Outstanding" (High, Medium, and Low) down to "Probationary." n300

   . Turning to the highest scores and ratings, in order to get an
"Outstanding/High" rating a man must do eighty-seven pushups, do the 1.5-mile
rule in 8:30, and do the 500-yard swim in 6:30. n301  [*882]  Achievements
required for women to earn the same top rating are forty-eight, 9:47, and 7:15,
respectively. n302

   . The "curl-up" category in the PRT test is the only one with requirements
identical for both sexes. n303 However, the standard really ought to be higher
for women because their bodies have more strength in the midsection. The
physiology is related to the female potential for pregnancy. Of greater
importance in the military context, however, is upper body strength and aerobic
capacity for endurance - qualities in which men have an undisputed advantage.
n304

   Gender-normed rating systems are misleading because they award equal "points"
for unequal accomplishment. This explains why some female soldiers attempt to
convince credulous reporters that they have to meet the same standards, i.e.,
"points" as their male colleagues. Nevertheless, sensible women and men in the
military understand the illusion.

   A 1997 study done for the Army by a Senior Review Panel?largely composed of
officials responsible for or supportive of gender-integrated basic
training?detected doubts about gender-normed standards. n305 Among military men
surveyed, sixty percent were either "not sure" or "disagreed" that "the soldiers
in this company have enough skills that I would trust them with my life in
combat." n306 The combined figure for women was seventy-four percent. n307

   Another survey done by the Center for Strategic and International Studies
(CSIS) found that only thirty-six perecent of male and female respondents agreed
that female personnel would pull their fair share of the load in combat or
hazardous situations. n308 These findings were not a reflection of sexism but
instead showed an honest concern about mission accomplishment and survival.

   In Great Britain in 1997, Army Training Regiment commanders at Purbright
Barracks, Surrey, noted that co-ed basic training was causing many young women
to drop out early, due to injuries to their lower limbs. Restoration of all
female platoons for a one-year trial in 1996 reduced women's injury rates by
fifty percent, and first-time pass rates increased from fifty percent to seventy
percent. Incidents of sexual misconduct between instructors and recruits also
decreased significantly. n309

    [*883]  The trust that soldiers have in buddies who are capable of saving
their lives is part of the cohesion that binds soldiers together in small
military units. The definition of "unit cohesion," as presented to the
Presidential Commission, uses the word "survival" three times in one paragraph.
n310

   Questions about the physical abilities of female soldiers in extreme,
close-combat circumstances create an element of hesitation and doubt that women
cannot overcome. Social engineers demand "education" to teach illusions about
the physical capabilities of women. Soldiers are more interested in reality.
Soldiers willing to put their lives at risk cannot forget that there are no
gender-normed scores on the battlefield.

   b. Sex Scandals and Soldierization

 Co-ed basic training assigns higher priority to faux "equality" than to the
fundamental purpose of the exercise. In a process known as "soldierization,"
ordinary civilians are transformed and shaped into disciplined soldiers.
Soldierization requires concentration and sound leadership - not illusions or
distractions that can be avoided if men and women are initially trained
separately.

   In November 1996, two years after the Army began mixing women with men in
basic training, sex scandals at Aberdeen Proving Ground in Maryland made
headlines nationwide. n311 Male drill sergeants were abusing female trainees
there and at the Army's basic training camps. n312 Rape or "consexploitation" -
consensual but exploitive sex - occurred between instructors and trainees at
several Army training bases. Whether voluntary or coerced, such misconduct
[*884]  was and is contrary to military law and is inherently disruptive to good
order and discipline. n313

   In the ensuing uproar about Aberdeen, then-Secretary of Defense William Cohen
appointed former Sen. Nancy Kassebaum-Baker (R-Kan.) to head an independent
advisory committee to study the issue in 1997. In its concise, unequivocal
report, the Kassebaum-Baker Committee unanimously declared," [Co-ed basic
training] is resulting in less discipline, less unit cohesion, and more
distraction from training programs." n314

   In 1998, the House followed the Kassebaum-Baker Committee's recommendations
and passed legislation to end co-ed basic training. n315 The Senate stalled and
set up another commission to study the issue. The ideologically divided
Congressional Commission on Military Training and Gender-Related Issues did a
thorough study, resulting in a 1999 report that filled four volumes. In a
significant admission, the commission concluded: "Whether [gender-integrated
basic training] improves the readiness or the performance of the operational
force is subjective." n316

   The same sort of damning faint praise appeared in a 2002 briefing presented
to the Secretary of the Army, which endorsed gender-integrated basic training
but conceded that the program was "not efficient" and was "effective" only in
sociological terms. n317 Various "inefficiencies" documented in that and
previous official reports included the following:

   . Less discipline, less unit cohesion, and more distraction from training
programs;

    [*885]  . Voluntary and involuntary misconduct, due to an emotionally
volatile environment for which immature recruits are not prepared;

   . Higher physical injury and sick-call rates that detract from primary
training objectives;

   . Diversion from essential training time due to interpersonal distractions
and the need for an extra week of costly "sensitivity training" (mandated after
Aberdeen);

   . A perceived decline in the overall quality and discipline of
gender-integrated basic training; lack of confidence in the abilities of fellow
soldiers; and the need to provide remedial instruction to compensate for
military skills not learned in basic training;

   . Re-defined or lowered standards, gender-normed scores, and elimination of
physically demanding exercises so that women will succeed;

   . Additional stress on instructors who must deal with different physical
abilities and psychological needs of male and female recruits;

   . Contrivances to reduce the risk of scandal, such as extra changing rooms,
security equipment, and personnel hours to monitor barracks activities, and "no
talk, no touch" rules, which interfere with informal contacts betweeen recruits
and instructors;

   . No evidence of objective, military-oriented benefits from gender-integrated
basic training (social effects primarily benefited women in subjective ways);
and

   . Little or no evidence that restoration of separate-gender training would
have negative consequences for women or men. n318

   Army leaders were close to announcing a decision to end gender-integrated
basic training in the fall of 2001. The September 11 attacks, however, diverted
their attention to urgent requirements of the war. Secretary of the Army Thomas
L. White, a former business executive, also was distracted for months by
corporate scandals involving Enron, his former employer. As a result, the Army
stuck with the status quo, instead of restoring separate-gender basic training.
That format, which is known to produce better results for women as well as men,
is still being used by the Marine Corps. n319

   Military discipline does not just happen - it must be taught. Basic training
is the building block on which the "soldierization" process rests. To improve
discipline that deters misconduct in the ranks, men and women should be trained
separately until they learn basic principles and are mature enough to live by
them.

[*886]

   2. The "Ungendered" Military

   a. Abu Ghraib

 Two years after the war began in Iraq, the Abu Ghraib sex scandal broke. Photos
of naked Iraqis at the mercy of undisciplined male and female soldiers enraged
the media and members of Congress, who demanded action to end sexual misconduct
in the military. By October of 2005, twelve major investigations had been
conducted, one of which was headed by former Nixon-Ford Administration Secretary
of Defense James Schlesinger. n320

   Secretary Schlesinger's Independent Panel report concluded that abuses at Abu
Ghraib prison were not related to prisoner interrogations. Panel Chairman
Schlesigner, however, described the atmosphere there as an "Animal House on the
night shift." n321 In testimony before a military court, Pfc. Lynndie England,
the soldier photographed holding a leash attached to the neck of an Iraqi man,
confirmed that attempts to embarrass the prisoners were made not to soften them
up for interrogation purposes, but for the amusement of the guards and their
girlfriends. n322

   A Wall Street Journal editorial commenting on this finding quoted a military
source who had seen all of the photos - not just the ones released to the press
- and noted that they were date and time stamped. n323



   The sequence begins with naked photos of Ms. England and her boyfriend,
convicted abuse ringleader Charles Graner. It progresses to photos of the two
engaged in lewd acts, and then to photos involving other soldiers in lewd acts.
Finally, the detainees enter the pictures. In other words, the Abu Ghraib crew
degraded themselves before they degraded any Iraqis. n324

 In an intellectually honest op-ed, self-identified feminist Barbara Ehrenreich
confessed she was unsettled and heartbroken by the pictures coming out of Abu
Ghraib:



   I had no illusions about the U.S. Mission in Iraq - whatever exactly it
is?but it turns out that I did have some illusions about women. Of the seven
U.S. soldiers now charged with sickening forms of abuse at Abu Ghraib, three are
women: Spc. Megan Ambuhl, Pfc. Lynndie England and Spc. Sabrina Harman... .

  [*887]

Here, in these photos from Abu Ghraib, you have everything that the Islamic
fundamentalists believe characterizes Western culture, all nicely arranged in
one hideous image - imperial arrogance, sexual depravity ... , and gender
equality... .



Secretly, I had hoped that the presence of women would over time change the
military, making it more respectful of other people and cultures, more capable
of genuine peacekeeping. That's what I thought, but I don't think that anymore.
A certain kind of feminism, or perhaps I should say a certain kind of feminist
naivete, died in Abu Ghraib.



You can't even argue, in the case of Abu Ghraib, that the problem was there just
weren't enough women in the military hierarchy to stop the abuses. The prison
was directed by a woman, Brig. Gen. Janis Karpinski. The top U.S. intelligence
officer in Iraq, who was also responsible for reviewing the status of detainees
before their release, was Maj. Gen. Barbara Fast... . The struggles for peace
and social justice and against imperialist and racist arrogance, cannot, I am
truly sorry to say, be folded into the struggle for gender equality. n325

 Ehrenreich's candor in reevaluating her previous beliefs is admirable but rare
in feminist circles. The elitist philosophy that women are inherently superior
and incapable of doing anything wrong is widespread, prejudicial, and just as
misguided as the idea that all men are perfect. Human beings are flawed.
Military policies must recognize and consciously work to counter failings that
are present among women as well as men.

   Stripped to its essence, Abu Ghraib began with sexual misconduct between one
man and two women who were competing for his attention. Lynndie England had
Charles Graner's baby, but he married Megan Ambuhl, who pleaded guilty to
reduced charges for her actions at Abu Ghraib. n326

   The psychological dynamics of this triangle, as described in The New York
Times, are not difficult to understand. n327 According to reports, England posed
with the leash to please Graner. He gave her photos of detainees masturbating as
a birthday gift for her. Sexual misconduct escalated into gross indecency and
cruelty against prisoners. Unlike Barbara Ehrenreich, social engineers have not
been intellectually honest enough to figure out where their assumptions went
wrong. The theory that sexuality is of no consequence helped to create a
combustible atmosphere that ignited with explosive military and political
consequences.

   b. Camp Bucca

 The female soldiers of Abu Ghraib, including the one-and two-star generals
responsible for the military police and intelligence operations there, were by
no means typical of our women in uniform. There is no "typical" female soldier;
they come in all kinds. The discussion here is about personnel policies that
either support or detract from discipline in the military.

    [*888]  Images of partying civilian "girls gone wild," flashed in racy
videos sold on the Internet, coarsen and degrade our culture. When similar
behavior develops in a military setting, disciplined enemies can take advantage
of the distraction. Witness an October 2004 going-away party for the departing
160th MP Battalion at Camp Bucca, Iraq, as reported by the New York Daily News:



   In front of a cheering male audience, two young women wearing only bras and
panties throw themselves into a mud-filled plastic kiddie pool and roll around
in a wild wrestling match. At one point a man in the audience raises a water
bottle and douses the entwined pair. At another, a "referee' moves in to break
up the scantily clad grapplers. A young blond lifts her T-shirt to expose her
breasts. A brunette turns her back to the camera and exposes her thong undies.



These scenes, taken from 30 photos leaked to the New York Daily News, could have
been snapped at an out-of-control frat party. But this happened a world away
from any American college. The photos were taken in Camp Bucca, the military
prison at Umm Qasr in the hot sands of southern Iraq near the Kuwaiti border.
The women are not co-eds but military policewomen who had left their uniforms in
a pile not far off. The men are soldiers, too. Most of them wore T-shirts
emblazoned with Army logos, but at least one was still wearing his uniform.



Some were sergeants, including the referee, and some allegedly were drunk. The
photos were taken last October 30, in the same period when enemy detainees were
being transferred to Camp Bucca from Abu Ghraib, the prison made notorious by
photos of Americans torturing naked Iraqis. n328

 The article also reported allegations that sergeants were lending rooms for
sexual encounters. n329

   Pvt. Deanna Allen, a nineteen-year-old prison guard with the 105th MP
Battalion, was the only participant whose name appeared in connection with
punishment for the infamous October 30, 2004, mud-wrestling match. n330 After a
photo of Allen exposing her breasts appeared in the New York Daily News in
February 2005, she was forced out of the military with a general discharge. She
returned to Fort Bragg, North Carolina, for medical treatment, where she
complained about the loss of her veterans benefits and said she would appeal.
n331

   Up until that time, Camp Bucca was thought to be a model camp because
prisoners were not being abused. The salacious mud wrestling photos and
allegations quickly vanished from public awareness, n332 but the situation at
Camp Bucca was more unsettled than met the eye.

   On January 31 and April 1, 2005, scores of Iraqi prisoners staged two violent
uprisings and, on March 25, 2005, came dangerously close to pulling off  [*889]
a massive prison break. n333 According to The Washington Post, the prisoners
began constructing a 357-foot "Great Escape" tunnel in January 2005. n334 An
inmate released on May 27, 2005, said, "It was a military operation. It was very
organized, and it was very disciplined. If only 200 people would have escaped,
it would have been a blow to the Americans." n335

   Hours before the planned prison break, on March 24, 2005, an informant tipped
off the Americans. n336 They discovered and destroyed the remarkably engineered
tunnel, which had narrow walls as smooth and strong as concrete, sculpted with
water and possibly milk. n337 About a week later, the prisoners began a
full-scale riot that raged for four days. "The violence was just absolutely
incredible," said one soldier. n338 Cinderblock rocks, taken from a mosque that
the military had kept off limits to the guards, were thrown at the guards with
surprising precision. n339 The sheer volume of the well-aimed barrage caused the
soldier to have an epiphany: "I realized ... these guys have been fighting riots
and wars a lot longer than we have. They have been fighting this way for
hundreds of years." n340

   Is the word "duh" in the dictionary yet? How else would one describe this
belated awareness of cultural differences between American guards and cunning
prisoners in a war zone? The Iraqis knew exactly how to take advantage of
western "sensitivity" to their religion and mosque in the aftermath of Abu
Ghraib. In the same way, future adversaries will find ways to take advantage of
weaknesses in American military culture, including weaknesses caused by social
experimentation with human sexuality.

   The soldiers of the 105th MP battalion, some of whom were present at the mud
wrestling party with the 160th MP unit in October, were not solely responsible
for the unruly behavior of the MP mud wrestlers. Nor were battalion-level
commanders primarily responsible for the politically correct but naive
restrictions on the prison guards or the quality of the training provided to
male and female soldiers before they deployed to Iraq. The sexually charged
mudfest in October 2004 - which occurred even after Abu Ghraib - betrayed a
weakness in co-ed military culture that enemy prisoners were quick to exploit.
The responsibility for chaos at Camp Bucca should be laid at the feet of
Department of Defense officials and Army policymakers who underestimated our
adversaries and assumed that it was all right to impose known "inefficiences,"
such as co-ed basic training, on the gender-integrated force.

   Uniformed and civilian Pentagon officials should be held accountable for
serious miscalculations in a social engineering project gone awry. It is not
enough to punish a nineteen-year-old "girl gone wild" at Camp Bucca.

[*890]

   c. Social Fiction: The New Gender Order

 During a 1996 debate about the wisdom of housing men and women in co-ed tents
in Bosnia, then-Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.) suggested that American
colleges and the congressional page system proved that a "desexegrated"
environment is workable. n341 Also, in 1996, Duke Law Professor Madeline Morris
suggested that, in an "ungendered" military, "masculinist attitudes" and sexual
complications could be reduced by a concerted effort to instill what she called
the "incest taboo." n342



   The full inclusion of women would require adjustment of the mechanisms for
continued minimization of sexual relationships within units. Just as military
units have traditionally been "a band of brothers," gender integrated units
would have to be carefully shaped and defined as a band of brothers and sisters
between whom sexual relationships would be unacceptable. The incest taboo
approach would amount to a broadened fraternization policy, prohibiting not only
inappropriate relationships between ranks but also sexual relationships
regardless of rank within military units. n343

 Some soldiers do relate to each other as brothers and sisters in the military.
Deep bonds of friendship can develop in almost any profession. But in
close-combat environments where soldiers depend on each other for survival,
Prof. Morris' prescriptions for a socially engineered military "incest taboo"
and other types of "social fiction" were no more realistic than science fiction.
n344

   When social problems develop in co-ed training or on active duty,
professionals in the "victim advocate" or "diversity" industry request more
funds to fix problems that their own philosophy and previous programs helped to
create. n345 Mandatory, continuous sensitivity training is supposed to instill
politically correct attitudes. In the New Gender Order, military people are
supposed to be immune to the full range of emotions associated with hostilities,
tensions, and attractions. This is social engineering - elitist experimentation
with the lives of other people. But when spark-induced "explosions" occur, as
they so often have from Aberdeen to Abu Ghraib, social engineers rarely get the
blame.

   There is no compelling need - particularly in a time of war - to ask our
military to engage in a vast social experiment designed to test the limits of
human sexuality.

[*891]

   d. Morality and Morale

 Sexual misconduct is not peculiar to the Army alone. Officials in all the armed
services keep trying to implement policies based on the notion that sexual
relationships can be managed perfectly and prevented from veering to extremes on
either end of the emotional spectrum. Social engineers seem to think that, with
a few sensitivity training sessions here and a few courts-martial there, the
most basal human feelings can be contained and managed in a volatile, "pure
oxygen" environment, without predictable sparks. And if problems do arise,
"masculinist" men - not women - are always to blame.

   Most men and women in the military conduct themselves like professionals; the
nation is proud of all who volunteer to serve. Nevertheless, there have been a
number of recent news stories highlighting problems in the co-ed military, as
illustrated by the partial list of headlines below:



   Not So Ship Shape: Admirals Are Concerned About the Unprofessional Attitudes,
Behaviors of Sailors. n346



Warship or L?veboat? One Destroyer. 19 Months. 13 Cases of Fraternization and/or
Adultery. And the Courts-Martial Aren't Over Yet. n347



Pimping Alleged at Patrick, NCO Arranged for Subordinate to Have Sex. n348



Cutter CO Relieved After "Inappropriate Relationship." n349



Adultery, Fraternization, Drugs, Graft & Guns: The Disturbing Tale of a
Brand-New Destroyer. n350



Captain Given 60 Days in Patrick [AFB] Sex Case: Verdict Allows Honorable
Discharge. n351



Some KY Guard Women May Have Posed Nude. n352

 Stories about sexual misconduct appear frequently in military newspapers.
However, with the exception of occasional wire-service dispatches and
sensational photo-illustrated stories such as Abu Ghraib, headlines like these
rarely show up in The New York Times or The Washington Post. The exception is
military sex scandals that center on allegations of harassment or abuse of women
at the service academies.

    [*892]  If a tree falls in the woods but no one hears, did it really fall?
And if demoralizing problems happen in the military, but they are not reported
in The New York Times and The Washington Post, do they really happen? They do,
and they are ignored at great peril.

   B. The Military Service Academies

 In recent years, most of the attention regarding military sex scandals has
focused on the military service academies. Women who accuse male colleagues of
sexual assault or rape are automatically labeled "victims," even before it is
known that a crime has been committed. News and commentaries fitting this
template have led to dozens of congressional hearings, investigations, Pentagon
task forces, advisory committees, and relentless criticism of "masculinist" men
in the military.

   1. Mixed Signals on the Severn River

 This author began using the phrase "double standards involving women," or DSIW,
shortly after a Task Force Report on Sexual Harassment at the Military Service
Academies was presented to the U.S. Naval Academy (USNA) Board of Visitors in
August 2005. n353 Many of the panel's forty-four recommendations, largely
crafted by civilian "victim advocate" professionals, were contrary to sound
military principles and potentially harmful to morale at the academy. n354

   Sen. Barbara Mikulski (D-Md.), a member of the Board of Visitors, did not
seem to notice flaws in the Task Force Report. Instead, she berated
Superintendent Vice Adm. Rodney Rempt for not doing enough to protect women from
allegedly abusive midshipmen. n355 Adm. Rempt announced several responses to the
Task Force Report, including a "zero tolerance" policy against sexual
harassment. n356

   a. Blue Language and Lt. Black

 Into the gender-war crossfire wandered Lt. Bryan Black, a USNA instructor, who
had used graphic profanity in the presence of a female midshipman. n357 He
apologized and she accepted, but another female officer decided that Black's
apology for that incident - and another incident - were not sincere enough. n358
The Black case rose to the desk of Superintendent Rempt, who overruled a Marine
investigator's recommendation for a letter of reprimand,  [*893]  which probably
would have ended Black's military career. Lest anyone think he was soft on
sailors who use profane language, Rempt ordered a Special Court Martial and
filed charges of "conduct unbecoming an officer" against the hapless Lt. Black.
n359

   But Adm. Rempt's zero tolerance policy had an asterisk beside it. In the same
week that Lt. Black's story made national news, the Superintendent invited all
midshipmen to attend campus performances of a civilian play called Sex Signals.
n360 Actors performing the racy, interactive play, which was subsidized by the
Academy, used the same vulgarities that Lt. Black had used. n361 Four-letter
words and slang for intimate body parts were perfectly acceptable, it seemed,
provided that they were recited by civilian actors in an "educational"
production that was supposed to teach midshipmen about date rape. n362

   Crude language is rude and unprofessional; it should be discouraged or
punished in appropriate ways. But are women truly helpless when they hear mild
cuss words that don't make sailors blush? In a December 2005 survey of sexual
harassment at the military academies, one hundred percent of Naval Academy women
who did not file official complaints said they thought they could handle such
problems themselves. n363

   When it comes to the oxymoronic etiquette of profanity, there are no easy
answers. Some women like to compete with men who use profanity as  [*894]
performance art. Witness the book Love My Rifle More Than You, written by former
Army sergeant Kayla Williams about her experiences in Iraq. n364 The provocative
book takes the prize for equal-opportunity raunchiness in a gender-mixed
environment. n365

   Some women expect men to be protectors, while others fume if a man extends
simple courtesies to women under his command. In the minefield of sexual
politics, what's a military guy to do? Miss Manners wouldn't have a clue.

   b. Inconsistency and Favoritism

 The Superintendent could help Naval Academy women most by working to avoid the
perception and reality of double standards involving women. The following
incidents are prime examples of DSIW:

   . In June 2006, Annapolis Capital reporter Earl Kelly quoted two unnamed,
former midshipmen who said they knew a female company commander who did not take
the physical readiness test, but lied and said that she did. n366 Investigators
recommended her dismissal, but Commandant of Midshipmen Capt. Bruce Grooms
"overrode the decision because "she is a woman in power' and the Naval Academy
is under pressure to recruit and retain female midshipmen." n367 So much for the
USNA Honor Concept, which directs midshipmen to "Tell the truth and ensure that
the full truth is known ... do not lie." n368

   . In Fall 2004, a male midshipman used mild profanity with an angry female
colleague who responded in kind. n369 The man was dismissed and ordered to repay
the cost of his education, but the woman graduated normally in 2005. n370 USNA
spokesmen claimed to be unaware of any case fitting the description, dissembling
with stock replies claiming "fair and equitable treatment for all." n371

   . A male midshipman who asked a reporter not to use his name said that he was
dismissed from the Academy for having consensual sex with a female midshipman.
n372 The brief summer "fling" occurred during a ten-day training exercise away
from the yard in July. n373 He added that his partner and three more female
midshipmen who engaged in similar  [*895]  activities were counseled, but not
punished. n374 A USNA spokesman cited privacy concerns in refusing to discuss
the case with the reporter. n375 Nor did the spokesman provide information on
the number of midshipmen - either cumulatively or by gender - who had been
discharged in the previous two years for sexual harassment, assault, or
misconduct. n376

   Harsh discipline of male midshipmen for certain offenses, which are excused
when committed by female midshipmen, constitute double standards that are
divisive and demoralizing in the fullest sense of the word. Most women in the
military are not responsible for DSIW in disciplinary matters, but the resulting
backlash and hard feelings are harmful to women and men alike. Double standards
of any kind weaken the structural integrity of the military as an institution.

   2. Rape and Victimology

 The most controversial examples of double standards and misconduct at the
Military Service Academies have involved charges of assault and rape. In January
2003, ABC News set off a wave of publicity and criticism about allegations of
rape at the Air Force Academy. n377 Several full-scale investigations and
congressional hearings were conducted to determine how those cases had been
handled. Some of the details footnoted in a report by an Air Force Working Group
read like pornographic movie scripts, but records showed that most of the cases
had been handled properly, under military law. n378

   Media critics and professional victim advocates remained dissatisfied
because, in their view, all accusations of assault are credible and any
punishment short of court-martial and jail means that the case was mishandled
and unfair to the "victim." n379 Several more investigations of sexual
misconduct at the academies were conducted, creating opportunities for
professional victim advocates seeking Department of Defense funds and prestige.

   a. DoD Office of Victim Advocate (OVA)

 Sensational scandals at the Air Force and Naval Academies were intensified by
release of the Service Academy 2005 Sexual Harassment and Assault Survey (SASA)
- the first of a series of annual polls of military academy  [*896]  cadets and
midshipmen, which was done on an anonymous basis. n380 Most news reports about
the 2005 survey failed to notice that its findings regarding incidents of sexual
harassment did not differentiate between minor incidents and serious offenses.
Nor did the survey differentiate between allegations and substantiated cases.
News reports nationwide accused West Point of having the worst record of the
three, n381 creating the impression that the U.S. Military Academy is a sexual
battleground for female cadets. A closer look at survey numbers revealed that
anonymous reports of assault at the military service academies are relatively
few and probably comparable to or lower than incidents in the civilian world.

   For example, six percent (thirty-seven of 618) women at the Military Academy,
five percent (thirty-five of 693) women at the Naval Academy, and four percent
(thirty of 738) women at the Air Force Academy reported some sort of sexual
assault, defined most often as "unwanted touching of a sexual nature." n382 Even
one case is too many, but perspective is in order. All the bad publicity aimed
at West Point, tagged with the largest number (six percent), resulted from
anonymous reports from only seven more women than those who reported assaults at
the Air Force Academy. Exaggerated reports of this kind are not helpful to the
military, or to female cadets and midshipmen. They do create perceptions,
however, as well as a potential growth industry for professional "victim
advocates."

   In 2004, Rep. Louise Slaughter (D-N.Y.) sponsored a ninety-five-page bill
that would have authorized more than $ 218.6 million for an Office of Victim
Advocate (OVA) in the Pentagon. n383 This costly piece of feminist "pork," or
even a fraction of the proposed funding, would empower civilian feminists who
seem to believe that men are innocent only until they are accused. n384 In 2006,
The Wellesley College Centers for Women produced a $ 50,000 report commissioned
by DoD on "prospects" for a Pentagon OVA - but DoD did not endorse the proposal.
n385 Establishment of such an office would have been a huge mistake. Victim
advocates almost always consider accusers to be "victims" even before it is
known that a crime has been committed. They also react in horror any time expert
investigators suggest that false allegations of sexual assault are common and
distinguishable from truthful ones. n386

    [*897]  The DoD Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office (SAPRO) has
established some useful guidelines to strike a balance between the privacy of
accusers and the rights of the accused. n387 There is no need for a Pentagon
Office of the Victim Advocate, which would operate as an "Office of Male
Bashing" that all DoD officials would fear to challenge. Such an office in the
Pentagon would nuclearize the war between the sexes by meddling in distant "he
said, she said" disputes that are local and highly emotional. n388 Sexual
harassment problems should be handled at the local level, with full respect for
the rights of the accused.

   b. Alcohol and the Owens Case

 Even though alcohol is supposed to be off limits to cadets and midshipmen, it
is almost always present in military service academy sex scandals. So it was in
the 2006 case of former USNA quarterback Lamar Owens, who was accused of raping
a female midshipman in Bancroft Hall. n389 The Academy granted legal immunity to
the accuser, an admitted binge drinker, but the unnecessary privilege backfired.
n390 Legal immunity did not help to lift the fog of alcohol that blurred both
parties' memories of what happened that night. n391

    [*898]  Reasonable doubt remained, so Owens was acquitted of rape. n392 He
was convicted of conduct unbecoming an officer, but the jury recommended no
punishment. n393 Superintendent Rempt referred the case to the Secretary of the
Navy, recommending that Owens be expelled for "unsatisfactory conduct," but not
be required to repay the cost of his education. Navy Secretary Donald Winter
approved the expulsion, but also ordered that Owens repay $ 90,000 of the $
136,000 cost of his education?the smaller amount in recognition of Owens'
contributions to the academy as an athlete. As of this writing, Owens' defense
team is appealing that order. In contrast, Owens' accuser, a known binge drinker
who had been given immunity for her testimony, was allowed to graduate normally.
The Academy's intervention in what should have been an unbiased trial left the
Superintendent with a troubled female officer, a muddled message about alcohol,
and a glaring example of DSIW that demoralized the Academy for months. n394

   c. Guilt by Accusation

 In 2004, DoD Inspector Gen. Joseph E. Schmitz conducted an extensive survey to
measure opinions on sexual harassment and assault at the military service
academies. Among other things, the Schmitz DoD IG Report, released in March
2005, found that fraudulent complaints are perceived as a problem by an average
of seventy-three percent of women at the Air Force Academy, West Point, and
Annapolis. The comparable average percentage for men at all three academies was
seventy-two percent. n395

   Figures of that size indicate a problem worthy of further investigation and
honest plans to reduce the problem, not cover it up. But in the Sexual
Harassment and Assault (SASA) Survey of December 2005, described as a "baseline"
in a series of authorized studies, there were no questions about fraudulent
complaints. n396 Nor did the SASA 2005 ask any questions about concerns that
standards have been lowered, even though statements about such concerns were
identified by the GAO in 1991 and 1994 as the second most prominent form of
sexual harassment at the academies. n397

    [*899]  In 2006, many news stories created the misimpression that sexual
harassment and assaults were increasing at the military service academies.
Reporters frequently repeated questionable figures obtained from victim
advocates, who seem to believe every allegation to be true and consider a case
to be mishandled if the accused person is not court martialed and sent to jail.
The truth was that numbers of women alleging harassment were remarkably small,
and on a downward trend. n398

   Military officials should not endorse the notion that men are always wrong
and women are always right - a suggestion as ludicrous as the idea that all
women think alike. Men who assault women should be punished. Women who drink to
excess or make false accusations should be punished, too. Mishandled accusations
of rape are not about sex; they are about power - the power of women over men.

   C. The 1993 Law Regarding Homosexual Conduct

 A common thread in the debates about social policy in the military center on
the institution's unique character, culture, and mission. The armed forces exist
to defend the republic - a purpose that sets the military apart from all other
institutions in the civilian world.

   Advocates of allowing homosexuals to serve in the military almost always
discuss the issue in terms of civil rights. But participation in the military is
sometimes a duty; it is never a right. Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
does not apply to the military. n399

   The issue was discussed in a comprehensive law review article by Professor
William A. Woodruff of the Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law at Campbell
University:



   The armed forces are unique. In a government based upon the consent of the
governed, the military is autocratic. In a society that treasures individual
freedom, the soldier must conform and sacrifice individual freedom for mission
accomplishment. In a country where the right to speak one's mind is paramount,
the soldier is called upon to defend that right while not enjoying its full
extent. To some, it is paradoxical that the defenders of freedom must forfeit
their own freedom. Consider the mission of the military, however, and the
paradox vanishes. The mission of the United Armed Forces is to fight and win our
nation's wars. It takes an army to do that, not a debating society ... .

  [*900]

Wars are won not by individuals, but by units functioning under extremely
difficult circumstances ... . In the final analysis, all military rules,
regulations, policies, traditions, and customs are related to, and in some
manner support, the ultimate goal of combat effectiveness. n400

 As famously articulated by the Supreme Court in Goldman v. Weinberger,



   we have repeatedly held that the military is, by necessity, a specialized
society separate from civilian society. The military must insist upon a respect
for duty and a discipline without counterpart in civilian life, in order to
prepare for and perform its vital role... . The essence of the military service
is the subordination of the desires and interests of the individual to the needs
of the service. n401

 The military guards individual rights, but it must be guided by different
rules. This principle should inform all discussions about social policies,
including the question of homosexuals in the military.

   1. Congressional Oversight

   a. Clinton Vows to Repeal Department of Defense Regulations

 The contemporary public debate about homosexuals in the military began in 1992,
when former Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton challenged President George H.W. Bush
for re-election. President Bush did not raise the issue much during the
campaign, but homosexual activist groups contributed heavily to the campaign of
Bill Clinton and Al Gore and expected Clinton to deliver on his promise to "lift
the ban" on homosexuals in the military. n402

   Shortly after the election, on Veterans Day, President-elect Clinton vowed to
deliver on his campaign promise and announced his intention to change policies
that excluded homosexuals from the military. n403 At the time, the ban was not
inscribed in law, but in Department of Defense directives that were adopted in
1981. n404 On January 29, 1993, the newly inaugurated president ordered the
[*901]  Department of Defense to cease asking "the question" about
homosexuality, which used to appear on military induction papers. n405 This
change was described as an "interim policy," pending further review by Congress
and the Defense Department. n406

   A storm of spontaneous opposition ensued. Many congressional offices needed
extra staff to answer thousands of phone calls and letters protesting the
president's move, and it quickly became apparent that even a Congress controlled
by the president's own party would not permit the Administration to repeal the
ban on homosexuals in the military arbitrarily. n407 Then-Secretary of Defense
Les Aspin formed an internal Military Working Group and charged the panel to
come up with a suitable plan for accommodating homosexuals in the military by
July 15, 1993. n408 The Joint Chiefs and military experts argued for
continuation of the status quo, but task force members were under pressure from
the White House and activist groups to devise a plan to accommodate gays in the
military.

   Feeling political backlash, in March 1993, President Clinton said at a news
conference that he might consider a plan that would allow homosexuals in the
military but restrict them from certain assignments. Self-identified homosexual
Bob Hattoy, Associate Director of Presidential Personnel and an advisor to
Clinton on the issue, flatly rejected that option. n409 The internal and public
debate  [*902]  intensified when a coalition called the Gay, Lesbian, and
Bisexual Military Freedom Project drew up a list of "recommendations" that left
no doubt that activists would not be satisfied with the option of homosexuals
serving in the military discreetly. The wish list included, inter alia: (1) an
Executive Order to ban discrimination based on homosexual or bisexual
orientation or conduct in the armed forces; (2) an end to all discharge
procedures for homosexual orientation or conduct; (3) training programs on the
acceptance of homosexual or bisexual personnel into the military, on the same
basis as racial and gender issues; and (4) an official Defense Department
committee, similar to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services
(DACOWITS), to advise the Secretary on matters relating to homosexuals and
bisexuals in the armed forces. n410 Some items on the wish list were partially
granted by the Clinton Administration in 1994. n411

   Homosexual activist groups staged a large (though not as large as planned)
rally in Washington, D.C., on April 25, 1993. Organizers promoted the march as
what would be "the largest civil rights demonstration in [U.S.] history" and
were disappointed when President Clinton did not promise to be there in person.
n412 The event included bizzarre elements that were aired on C-SPAN, including
some provocatively dressed marchers and a group holding up posters depicting
President Clinton with a "Pinnochio" nose. n413 President Clinton did not show
up at the rally, but he met in the Oval Office with a large group of organizers,
who consulted frequently with officials from the Deparments of  [*903]  Defense
and Justice on legislative and legal strategies to advance the cause of
homosexuals in the military. n414

   Members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff were in an awkward situation, but they
did their best to resist the president's original, radical plan without
challenging his authority as Commander-in-Chief. n415 Following pressure from
Secretary of Defense Les Aspin, all of the chiefs of staff were lined up behind
President Clinton for a media event at Fort McNair, Washington, D.C., when
President Clinton announced his "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" proposal on July 19,
1993. n416 Departing significantly from DoD directives in effect since 1981,
President Clinton's July 19 policy maintained that "Sexual orientation is
considered a personal and private matter, and homosexual orientation is not a
bar to service entry or continued service unless manifested by homosexual
conduct." n417

   b. Congress Exercises Oversight Responsibilities

 Enactment of Clinton's proposal appeared possible at first, but in response to
political pressure, members of Congress became engaged. They exercised effective
oversight by asking a lot of questions. For example, in May 1993, Senate Armed
Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn (D-Ga.) and Ranking Member John Warner
(R-Va.) visited several ships and submarines at Naval Station Norfolk, Virginia.
An Associated Press photo of that visit showed the senators crouched down to
solicit the opinions of three men occupying cramped sleeping spaces in the
torpedo room of the nuclear attack submarine USS Montpelier. n418 One gay
activist leader called Nunn's tour an "inflammatory spectacle," while another
denounced Sen. Nunn as a "bigot" for having any hearings at all. n419

   Various drafts of a "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" type proposal started to emerge
and fire from both sides. n420 Proponents of gays in the military saw them as a
betrayal of  [*904]  their justified expectations, while opponents criticized
such proposals as incremental steps in the wrong direction. During this time
both Houses held a total of twelve legislative hearings, which heard from
diverse panels of experts and advocates on all sides of the issue. n421

   Immediately following President Clinton's announcement on July 19, 1993, the
House and Senate Armed Services Committees heard testimony from several
prominent officials, including Secretary of Defense Les Aspin, DoD General
Counsel Jamie Gorelick, Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Colin Powell, the Chief of
Staff of each of the services, and key members of the Pentagon's Military
Working Group. Under close questioning, all gave candid answers that revealed
serious flaws in the July 19 "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" concept; in both Houses of
Congress, members started to question and doubt the wisdom of "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell. n422 Then-Rep. James Talent (R-Mo.) commented,



   when I listened to the Chiefs and the Secretary yesterday, what I basically
heard them saying was that they had resolved this debate in favor of essentially
keeping the old policy, ... [but] when I read the policy as a totality ... [it]
doesn't seem consistent with what I understood the Secretary and the Chiefs have
been saying about the policy. n423

 The sticking point was an inherent inconsistency that could be easily exploited
by activist lawyers challenging the policy in court: If homosexuality is not a
disqualifying characteristic, how can the armed forces justify dismissal  [*905]
of a person who merely reveals the presence of such a characteristic? Members of
Congress recognized that such a policy would be unenforceable, unworkable, and
indefensible in court.

   With the exception of Clinton administration insiders trying to finesse what
had become a hot-potato issue, and a few gay leaders who were willing to accept
compromise in order to avoid codification of the ban on gays in the military,
n424 there were no significant constituencies advocating passage of "Don't Ask,
Don't Tell" by Congress. Following extensive floor debate in both Houses,
Congress rejected President Clinton's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" proposal with
overwhelming, veto-proof bipartisan majorities. n425 Instead, Congress passed a
law that continued the pre-Clinton (1981) policy of excluding homosexuals from
the military. n426 In so doing, members wisely chose language almost identical
to the 1981 DoD Directives regarding homosexuality, which had already been
challenged and upheld as constitutional by the federal courts. n427 Congress
allowed President Clinton's "interim policy" of not asking questions of
inductees regarding homosexuality to stand?with the provision that a future
Secretary of Defense can restore such questions, without additional legislation,
if the needs of the service require it. n428

   Legislation dealing with intensely controversial issues does not become law
by accident. In this case, Congress codified the policy in place long before
Clinton took office. Contrary to frequent misstatements of the law then and now,
there is no way that bipartisan, veto-proof majorities  [*906]  would have
passed a law making it "easier" for homosexuals to serve. Rep. Steve Buyer
(R-Ind.), then-Chairman of the HASC Personnel Subcommittee, underscored the
point in a December 16, 1999, memorandum to his colleagues:



   Although some would assert that section 654 of Title 10, US Code ... embodied
the compromise now referred to as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," there is no evidence
to suggest that the Congress believed the new law to be anything other than a
continuation of a firm prohibition against military service for homosexuals that
had been the historical policy.



The law, as well as accompanying legislative findings and explanatory report
language, makes absolutely clear that known homosexuals, identified based on
acts or self admission, must be separated from the military. After extensive
testimony and debate, the Congress made a calculated judgment to confirm the
continued bar to the service of homosexuals in the military. The case supporting
the Congressional position is well documented and compelling.



... .



Those that claim that the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy has failed simply do not
understand the underlying law. The prospect of a homosexual openly serving in
the military was never contemplated by the Congress and any policy that suggests
that the military should be receptive to the service of homosexuals is in direct
violation of the law. n429


   c. Conditional Compromise

 In the course of debate, Congress considered whether the armed forces should be
required to assume the risk that homosexuals would remain celibate. The Senate
Report addressed the issue directly:



   It would be irrational ... to develop military personnel policies on the
basis that all gays and lesbians will remain celibate... . When a person
indicates that he or she has a propensity or intent to engage in homosexual
acts, the armed forces are not required to wait until the person engages in that
act before taking personnel action. n430

 The House Report also discussed the possibility of accommodating homosexuals,
provided that they refrain from homosexual acts:



   Any effort to create as a matter of policy a sanctuary in the military where
homosexuals could serve discreetly and still be subject to separation for
proscribed conduct would be a policy inimical to unit cohesion ... and
discipline, unenforceable in the field, and open to legal challenge. n431

 Instead of codifying the legally questionable "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" concept,
Congress chose to adopt unambiguous statements that were understandable,
enforceable, consistent with the unique requirements of the  [*907]  military,
and devoid of the First Amendment conundrums that were obvious in President
Clinton's July 19 proposal.

   The only concession made during this process in 1993 was ommision of "the
question" about homosexuality, which President Clinton had eliminated with his
January 29, 1993, "interim policy." n432 Congress nevertheless authorized
restoration of routine inquiries about homosexuality by a future Secretary of
Defense, n433 who can (and should) restore "the question" without additional
legislation. This concession did not nullify the language of the law itself, but
it allowed the Congress, which was controlled by the Democrats at the time, to
give political cover to President Clinton by calling the plan a "compromise" and
referring to it as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." The politically expedient strategy
has caused problems ever since.

   Widespread misunderstandings about the rationale and meaning of the law have
continued for four major reasons. First, in 1993, major media inaccurately
reported that Congress had passed Clinton's "compromise" plan to accommodate
homosexuals in the military, known as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." Reports did not
note that the statute actually said something quite different: "The prohibition
against homosexual conduct is a long-standing element of military law that
continues to be necessary in the unique circumstances of military service." n434
Second, President Clinton had an interest in appearing to deliver on his
campaign promise to lift the ban on gays in the military, even though he had not
done so. Disregarding the legal mandate to provide documents and briefings that
"set forth" the provisions of the law, in December 1993, Clinton issued
enforcement regulations that implement his original proposal, "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell"?even though Congress had rejected that concept as unworkable. n435 Third,
the law passed by Congress is widely misunderstood because no one gave it a
distinctive and appropriate name. Absent a name of its own, the law that
Congress passed was frequently misidentified with the catchphrase "Don't Ask,
Don't Tell," which is easier to remember than the utilitarian "Public Law
103-160" or "Title 10, United States Code, Section 654." And fourth, there was
no individual author or descriptive "short title" for the legislation because
the statutory language came directly from Defense Department regulations, which
were promulgated in 1981. n436

    [*908]  To clarify the difference between the law regarding homosexual
conduct and President Clinton's "Don't Ask Don't Tell" enforcement policy, this
Article hereinafter will refer to P.L. 103-160, Section 654, Title 10 as the
1993 law regarding homosexual conduct in the military, or "The Military
Personnel Eligibility Act of 1993."

   d. The Purpose of the "Military Personnel Eligibility Act of 1993."

 Referring to 10 U.S.C. § 654 as the "Military Personnel Eligibility Act of
1993" is appropriate because the language of the law that Congress actually
passed makes it clear that homosexuals are not eligible for service in the armed
forces. It restates the rationale of the 1981 DoD Directives almost word for
word, n437 and sets forth fifteen points in support of the principle that
homosexuality is incompatible with military service. n438

   Prof. Woodruff explained the rationale behind the 1981 DoD Directives, which
was carried over into the statute passed by Congress in 1993:



   The [1981] policy was an exclusion policy premised upon the policy
determination that "homosexuality is incompatible with military service." ...
The policy operated on the logical conclusion that as a class, homosexuals
engaged in or were likely to engage in homosexual activity. In order to reduce,
if not eliminate, the instances of homosexual activity in military units, the
policy excluded from service the category most closely associated with
homosexual activity: homosexuals. n439

 The law states, "there is no constitutional right to serve in the armed
forces," and affirms that military life is fundamentally different from civilian
life. n440 Military society "is characterized by its own laws, rules, customs,
and traditions, including numerous restrictions on personal behavior that would
not be acceptable in civilian society." n441 Military standards of conduct
"apply to a member of the armed forces at all times that the member has a
military status, whether the member is on base or off base, and whether the
member is on duty or off duty." n442

   The law also distinguishes itself from the July 19 "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
policy by affirming "the prohibition against homosexual conduct is a
long-standing element of military law that continues to be necessary in the
unique circumstances of military service." n443

   The 1981 policy required separation of persons found to be engaging in
homosexual acts, but also those who disclosed by their own statements that they
were homosexuals within the meaning of the DoD Directives. n444 The statute does
the same. n445 Prof. Woodruff explained:

    [*909]

The admission of homosexuality placed the soldier in an excluded class; a class
defined by conduct or the propensity to engage in conduct the military
determined was inimical to good order, morale, unit cohesion, and ultimately,
combat effectiveness. Because the definition of homosexual was tied to sexual
conduct rather than to amorphous concepts of sexual tendencies, preferences, or
orientation, the policy presumed that one who claimed to be a homosexual has,
will, or was likely to engage in the conduct that defines the class. n446

 As was the case with the 1981 Directives, the 1993 homosexual conduct law
allows a military person to "rebut the presumption" of homosexual conduct, but
only under narrow circumstances - i.e., a service member says or does something
entirely out of character while intoxicated, or to escape military service. In
general, however:



   Discharging soldiers based solely upon their self-identification as a
homosexual without additional evidence of homosexual conduct avoided the
necessity for intrusive investigations and inquiries into the soldiers' sexual
practices. Furthermore, because it is reasonable to believe homosexuals will
engage in the conduct that defines the class, discharging those who claim to be
homosexuals served the goal of preventing the disruption and adverse impact upon
unit readiness, morale, and discipline that homosexual conduct within the
military environment causes. n447

 The "Military Personnel Eligibility Act" recognized the need for military
people to be always ready for possible deployment worldwide to a combat
environment. The statute also respects the power of sexuality and the desire of
human beings for sexual modesty, even when they must accept living conditions
offering little or no privacy.

   In gender-neutral terms, the law states that persons living in conditions of
"forced intimacy" should not have to expose themselves to persons who might be
sexually attracted to them. n448 To the greatest extent possible, the same
principle applies to the housing of men and women in the military.

   Prof. Woodruff noted that the statute's findings reveal several important
principles that remain unchanged and support the statute's legitimacy:



   First, Congress was acting pursuant to a clear grant of constitutional power
to establish the qualifications and conditions of service in the military.
Second, American society demands unique rules that may not be the same as those
found in other countries or in civilian society. Third, Congress made clear the
statutory policy was aimed at creating and preserving military effectiveness and
cohesion. Noticeably absent from the findings section is any indication that
military readiness was being balanced against the individual interests of
homosexuals who wished to serve. In other words, combat effectiveness, not
accommodation of homosexuals, either individually or as a class, was the purpose
of the statute. Fourth, Congress set out the factual predicate for the
long-standing professional military judgment that homosexuality is incompatible
with military service and carried that principle forward into the new law. Both
the House and Senate reports specifically note that the statute  [*910]
recognizes and adopts the principle that homosexuality is incompatible with
military service. n449

 The "Military Personnel Eligibility Act" defines homosexual conduct but avoids
using the vague phrase "sexual orientation." As explained by Professor Woodruff:



   Significantly, Congress did not say that "sexual orientation" was a private
matter or that it was a benign, non-disqualifying factor. The law did not define
"sexual orientation" or try to artificially separate homosexual orientation from
homosexual conduct... . Equally as important, Congress made no mention of
passing a law to accommodate homosexuals or creating a situation where they
could serve under color of law like the July 19, [1993,] policy contemplated.
n450

 It is unfortunate that constant, inaccurate references to the law as "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell" have perpetuated confusion about its meaning. As a result of
this mislabeling, many young people who are homosexual are being misled about
their eligibility to serve.

   2. Enforcement Regulations Inconsistent with the Law

   a. The "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Policy/Enforcement Regulations

 President Clinton signed the "Military Personnel Eligibility Act" on November
30, 1993, as part of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year
1994. n451 Two months later, he released enforcement regulations, known as the
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy, which are inconsistent with the law. n452 It is
significant to note that the DoD news release announcing regulations to enforce
10 U.S.C. § 654 made reference to the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy announced
by President Clinton on July 19, 1993. The release and accompanying documents
claimed that the enforcement regulations were "consistent" with the law, but
they were actually written to implement Clinton's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
proposal, which was not "consistent" with the law at all. n453 Few members of
the media noticed (or chose to write about) the glaring discrepancy, which has
been the source of confusion and controversy ever since. n454

   Prof. Charles Moskos, the respected military sociologist who proposed the
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell" idea in 1993, noted in a Wall Street Journal article
that "the Pentagon policies are, in fact, somewhat more lenient than the
language of the statute." n455 Indeed, the key passage in the Clinton
Administration's  [*911]  inconsistent interpretation of the law, as stated in
this regulatory language, was an attempt to redefine its meaning to fit
Clinton's July 19, 1993, proposal: "Sexual orientation is considered a personal
and private matter, and homosexual orientation is not a bar to service entry or
continued service unless manifested by homosexual conduct." n456

   The December 22, 1993, news release, an overview, and a memorandum from
Defense Secretary Les Aspin to the Service Secretaries directing them to
implement the new policy, which referred to "the policy as announced by
President Clinton on July 19, 1993," n457 simply overlooked the fact that
Congress had forseen problems with that concept and rejected it. The plain
language of the statute is not based on the vague phrase "sexual orientation."
It is based on conduct. n458

   In effect, the DoD attempted to help Clinton deliver on his campaign promise
to gay activists by simply redefining the law and calling it "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell." The Pentagon also failed to comply with the legal requirement that
entering servicemembers should be informed of the law, 10 U.S.C. § 654, which
excludes homosexuals from the military. A subsequent amendment to the DoD
Directives changed the wording of the quoted sentence slightly but still used
the phrase "sexual orientation," which Congress pointedly had not used in the
statutory language because it was so vague. The Clinton administration's
regulatory interpretation reads: "A person's sexual orientation is considered a
personal and private matter, and is not a bar to service entry or continued
service unless manifested by homosexual conduct in the manner described in
paragraph B.8.b., below." n459 Current briefing materials and training manuals
still do not include the actual text of the law, or accurate summaries of its
meaning. Instead, instructional materials keep repeating the "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell" mantra: "Sexual orientation is considered a personal matter and is not a
bar to military service unless manifested by homosexual conduct." n460

   b. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit

 In 1996, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit looked
beyond the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" catch-phrase and recognized the difference
between Clinton's policy and the law. n461 In a nine-to-four decision that
denied the appeal of Navy Lt. Paul G. Thomasson, a professed homosexual who
wanted to stay in the Navy, U.S. Circuit Judge Michael Luttig wrote about the
exclusion law: "Like the pre-1993 [policy] it codifies, [the statute]
unambiguously  [*912]  prohibits all known homosexuals from serving in the
military ... ." n462 Judge Luttig added that the Clinton Administration "fully
understands" that the law and DoD enforcement regulations are inconsistent and
has engaged in "repeated mischaracterization of the statute itself ... ." n463

   Actually overruling the DoD enforcement regulations was not within the
purview of the Court. Still, the Fourth Circuit's decision in Thomasson,
affirming the constitutionality of the law, should have prodded the
Administration to correct inconsistencies in its administrative policy. But this
was the Clinton Administration, which was fully committed to accommodating
homosexuals in the military, one way or another.

   c. Confusion Caused by "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"

 The difference between what should be called the "Military Personnel
Eligibility Act" and the Clinton enforcement policy explains why factions on
both sides of the issue are critical of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." Even though
Congress rejected, with good reason, the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" concept in
1993, the Clinton Administration inscribed it in enforcement regulations that
remain in effect today.

   Activists keep complaining that "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" does not work. The
most relevant question is, "work to do what?" If the goal is to allow
homosexuals to serve, Clinton's permissive "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" regulations
do not go far enough. But if the goal is to preserve military morale,
discipline, and readiness for combat (and it is), then the Clinton policy goes
too far - in the wrong direction.

   Describing the law as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" effectively slanders the
statute. The result is widespread confusion and inconsistent enforcement.
Whether intended or not, the unnecessary confusion gives an advantage to
activists who want to repeal both the policy and law, in order to achieve the
goal of open homosexuality in the military.

   When President George W. Bush took his oath of office in 2001, he assumed the
obligation to enforce all laws, including the 1993 law regarding homosexual
conduct. President Bush is not obligated to retain the enforcement regulations
of his predecessor. Because the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" regulations are
inconsistent with the law, President Bush should have directed the Secretary of
Defense, early in his administration, to eliminate and replace them with
enforcement regulations that include the language and truly reflect the intent
of the statute.

   The Department of Justice has successfully defended the constitutionality of
the law in several cases, but the Bush Administration has done little to improve
understanding and enforcement of the law. Unnecessary confusion has continued
since December 1994, even though the "Military Personnel Eligibility Act of
1993" mandates "Entry Standards and Documents" and "Required Briefings" that
accurately describe the language and meaning of the statute. n464

    [*913]  That mandate could be fulfilled by simply providing to potential
enlistees and military personnel the actual text of the law and its legislative
history, as set forth concisely in the House and Senate Reports issued in
support of the 1993 legislation. This would help to clear up widespread
confusion about potential enlistees' eligibility to serve, and be a significant
improvement over the convoluted instructional materials prepared by the
Department of Defense to explain Bill Clinton's inexplicable "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell" Policy. Activist groups and the Department of Defense should stop
misleading young people about their eligibility to serve in the military.
Practicing homosexuals are among many groups of people who may serve their
country in many ways but who remain ineligible to serve in uniform. n465

   3. Campaign to Repeal the Law

   a. Legal Efforts Post-Lawrence v. Texas

 On June 26, 2003, in the controversial Lawrence v. Texas decision, n466 the
Supreme Court overturned Bowers v. Hardwick n467 and invalidated a Texas law
regarding private, consensual sodomy. n468 The decision excited homosexual
activist groups because several members of the Court quoted foreign court
rulings that had been cited in an amicus brief filed by the United Nations' High
Commissioner for Human Rights, Mary Robinson. n469

   The Robinson amicus brief cited one such ruling, handed down by the European
Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France, which upheld gay rights in Ireland.
In 1996, the same European Court quoted by Justice Kennedy in the Lawrence
decision ordered Britain to repeal all restrictions on homosexuals in the
military. n470 In a January 2003 treatise posted on the website of Human Rights
Watch, n471 the $ 14 million international activist group signaled its intent to
use both European Court decisions and international law as battering rams to
bring down all restrictions on open homosexual service in the military. n472

    [*914]  The Bush Administration vigorously and successfully defended the
law, resulting in three legal victories in 2006. Cook v. Rumsfeld, filed by the
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network on behalf of twelve former servicemembers,
was dismissed by U.S. District Judge George A. O'toole, Jr., on April 24, 2006.
n473 Also, in April 2006, U.S. District Judge George Schiavelli dismissed a
lawsuit brought by the Log Cabin Republicans on behalf of anonymous past and
present servicemembers, due to a lack of names in the complaint. n474 And on
July 26, 2006, U.S. District Judge Ronald B. Leighton dismissed a challenge
filed in Washington by an Air Force Reserve nurse and lesbian, Maj. Margaret
Witt. n475

   All courts are unpredictable, but the 1993 homosexual conduct law should
continue to withstand constitutional challenge for four basic reasons: (1) the
federal courts have historically ruled with "deference to the military" in such
matters; (2) unlike the circumstances of Lawrence, there is no such thing as
"privacy" in the military; (3) the validity of the statute regarding homosexual
conduct does not hinge on the overturned Bowers precedent; and (4) the 1993
exclusion law and the Uniform Code of Military Justice (UCMJ) ban on sodomy
applies to men and women in precisely the same way, so "equal protection" is not
a valid issue.

   Opening the military to professed homosexuals remains a key goal of a
determined activist movement, which has worked relentlessly to repeal the
homosexual conduct law since 1993. For purposes of clarity in future cases, it
would help to administratively repeal the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" regulations,
while faithfully enforcing the 1993 homosexual conduct law. n476

[*915]

   b. Legislative Strategy

 Rep. Marty Meehan (D-Mass.), whose amendment to strike the law regarding
homosexual conduct was defeated overwhelmingly in 1993, n477 introduced
legislation to repeal the statute in March 2005 n478 and again in March 2007.
n479 When first introduced, the bill gained a total of 122 co-sponsors, but did
not make it past the House Armed Services Committee. n480 Meehan is now Chairman
of the House Armed Services Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee. The
number of co-sponsors has increased on Meehan's bill, but many of the members
signing on seem primarily critical of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," the Clinton
administration's policy and regulations that are inconsistent with the 1993 law.
n481

   There is no need for legislation to repeal the problematic enforcement
regulations known by the catch-phrase "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." President Bush or
the Secretary of Defense can eliminate that Clinton-era policy with a stroke of
the pen. The statute is another matter, requiring an act of Congress to change
the "Military Personnel Eligibility Act" that a Democratic Congress passed in
1993 with a veto-proof majority. Nothing has changed that would justify the
turmoil that would occur in and outside of Congress if Meehan's legislation were
seriously considered or passed.

   c. Public Relations Campaign

 The only thing that has changed since 1993 is an illusion of momentum for
repeal of the law created by a skilled and persistent public relations campaign
that began in 2003, the tenth anniversary of passage of the law. The campaign
was energized by the Supreme Court's decision in the Lawrence v. Texas, n482
which the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network predicted would help them to win
the Cook case. n483

   Every four to six weeks, homosexual activist groups have generated some sort
of "news" event, which usually gets national coverage when it appears (almost
always) in the Associated Press and major papers such as the New York Times and
the Washington Post. These stories, which rarely describe the law accurately,
usually focus on "celebrity" (military) endorsers or human-interest stories,
such as homosexuals who used to be in the military or gay students trying to
enlist in the military. n484 Other student groups have protested the  [*916]
homosexual conduct law by trying to keep recruiters or ROTC units off of high
school and college campuses - sometimes with anti-military demonstrations. n485

   Activist groups also have visited the military service academies n486 and
publicized an award given by the U.S. Military Academy's Department of English
to a cadet writing a paper advocating the inclusion of gays in the military.
n487 In 2004 and 2005, a San Francisco-based group of Naval Academy graduates
calling itself "USNA Out" (later changed to the "Castro Chapter") unsuccessfully
demanded official recognition for a group of homosexual alumni. n488

   The public relations campaign has been advanced most often by periodic
releases of various "studies," reports, or polls produced, sponsored, or
influenced by the University of California, Berkeley-based Center for the Study
of Sexual Minorities in the Military (CSSMM), now called the Michael D. Palmer
Center, and like-minded groups. n489 A closer look at materials produced by the
activist groups usually reveals questionable methodology and unsupported
conclusions.

   d. Surveys and Polls

 In January 2007, retired Army Gen. John M. Shalikashvili, Chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff from 1993 to 1997, became a "celebrity endorser" for the  [*917]
gays-in-the-military cause by writing an op-ed for publication in The New York
Times, a newspaper that has been in the forefront of efforts to repeal the 1993
homosexual conduct law. n490 The General's article drew attention to a December
2006 poll of 545 service members conducted by Zogby International, indicating
that seventy-three percent of the respondents said they were "comfortable
interacting with gay people." n491

   The only surprising thing about this innocuous question was that the
favorable percentage was not closer to one hundred percent. The Zogby poll asked
another, more important question that was not even mentioned in the news release
announcing the poll's results: "Do you agree or disagree with allowing gays and
lesbians to serve openly in the military?" On that question, twenty-six percent
of those surveyed "Agreed," but thirty-seven percent "Disagreed." The Zogby poll
also found that thirty-two percent of respondents were "Neutral" and only five
percent were "Not sure." n492

   If this poll were considered representative of military personnel, the
twenty-six percent of respondents who wanted the law repealed could not compete
with the combined sixty-nine percent of people who were opposed to or neutral on
repeal. This minority opinion was hardly a mandate for radical change.

   Polling organizations recognize that respondents who believe a policy is
already in place are more likely to favor that policy, while those who know
otherwise are less likely. n493 Incorrect assertions that "homosexuals can serve
in the military provided that they do not say they are gay" are probably skewing
polls of civilians, who mistakenly believe that homosexuals are already eligible
to serve, due to the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy.

   People in the military, however, are more likely to understand what the law
is. n494 In the most recent poll announced by the Military Times newspapers, in
[*918]  response to the question "Do you think openly homosexual people should
be allowed to serve in the military?" thirty percent answered "Yes," but
fifty-nine percent answered "No," and ten percent answered "No Opinion." n495
The same percentage - fifty-nine percent in opposition - was reported by the
Military Times survey in the previous year. n496

   A closer look at the Zogby poll reveals more interesting details that should
have been recognized by news media people reporting on it. n497 First, the Zogby
poll news release clearly states that it was designed in conjunction with Aaron
Belkin, Director of the Michael D. Palm Center, formerly the Center for Sexual
Minorities in the Military. n498 This is an activist group promoting homosexuals
in the military. n499 Second, the poll claims to be of 545 people "who have
served in Iraq and Afghanistan (or in combat support roles directly supporting
those operations), from a purchased list of U.S. Military Personnel." n500
However, the U.S. military does not sell or provide access to personnel lists.
Due to security rules that were tightened in the aftermath of 9/11, personal
details and even general information about the location of individual personnel
is highly restricted. n501 Third, the apparent absence of random access
undermines the credibility of the poll, which inflates the claim that, "The
panel used for this survey is composed of over 1 million members and correlates
closely with the U.S. population on all key profiles." n502 Fourth, activists
frequently claim that the  [*919]  greater comfort of younger people with
homosexuals is evidence enough to justify changing the law; however, if that
were the case, all referenda banning same-sex marriage would have been soundly
defeated. On the contrary, the voters of several states have approved twenty-six
of twenty-seven such referenda, often with comfortable majorities. n503

   e. The National Security Argument: Too Many Discharges of Homosexuals

 Supporters of legislation to repeal the 1993 homosexual conduct law have tried
to reframe their argument in terms of military necessity, rather than equal
opportunity. The "national security" argument for gays in the military usually
centers on the number of discharges of homosexual servicemen and women that have
occurred and suggests that recruiting problems and shortages could be solved if
only the military were open to professed homosexuals. n504

   A report done by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) early in 2005
provided statistical data on the number of "unprogrammed separations." n505 The
GAO report essentially estimated the "replacement costs" of discharging and
replacing homosexual service members from FY 1994 through FY 2003 to be
approximately $ 190.5 million. n506

   Dr. David Chu, Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness,
responded to the GAO report with a two-page memorandum. n507 Figures cited by
Dr. Chu indicated that discharges due to the homosexual exclusion policy between
1994 and 2003 amounted to only 0.37% of discharges for all reasons (about five
percent of unplanned separations) during that period. n508 There were, for
example, 26,446 discharges for pregnancy; 36,513 for violations of weight
standards; 38,178 for "serious offenses;" 20,527 for parenthood, 59,098 for
"drug offenses/use"; and 9501 for homosexuality. n509

   The Berkeley based Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military
(CSSMM) was not satisfied with the $ 190 million dollar estimate.  [*920]  CSSMM
Executive Director Aaron Belkin organized a "Blue Ribbon Commission," which he
chairs. n510 This non-governmental "Blue Ribbon Commission" claimed in a
February 2006 report that the GAO estimate of "replacement costs" was too low.
n511 The CSSMM argued that a more accurate estimate of the costs of discharges
for homosexuality would be $ 363 million?approximately $ 173.3 million, or
ninety-one percent higher, than the GAO estimate. n512

   The Comptroller General responded by addressing a letter to Sen. Edward
Kennedy (D-Mass.) on July 13, 2006, which "stood by" the original GAO estimate.
n513 The entire debate about numbers generated publicity, but it missed the
point. The cost of personnel losses related to the homosexual conduct law,
whatever it is, could be reduced to near-zero if all potential recruits were
fully and accurately notified that the 1993 law means that homosexuals are not
eligible to serve. It is bad policy to enforce a regulatory policy such as
"Don't Ask, Don't Tell," which misinforms potential recruits about the
conditions of eligibility and encourages people to be less than honest about
their homosexuality - only to be subject to discharge later.

   The GAO document provided useful information, but you do not get the right
answers if you do not ask the right questions. The issue is not "replacement
cost." It is the cost of recruiting and training individuals who are not
eligible to serve in the military because they are homosexual.

   f. Contradiction: Too Few Discharges Due to the War

 Many of the same people who claim that the military is losing too many
homosexual personnel simultaneously make a contradictory claim: Dismissals have
declined because gays are needed to fight in the war. n514 A Congressional
Research Service Report to Congress discussed this argument:



   Some have claimed that discharges decline during time of war, suggesting that
the military ignores homosexuality when soldiers are most needed, only to "kick
them out" once the crisis has passed. It is notable that during wartime, the
military services can, and have, instituted actions "to suspend certain laws
relating to ... separation" that can limit administrative discharges. These
actions, know [sic] as "stop-loss," allow the services to minimize the
disruptive effects of personnel turnover during a crisis. However,
administrative discharges for homosexual conduct are not affected by stop-loss.
It can be  [*921]  speculated that a claim of homosexuality during a crisis may
be viewed skeptically and under the policy would require an investigation... .
[but if] such a claim were found to be in violation of the law on homosexual
conduct, the services could not use "stop-loss" to delay an administrative
discharge. n515

 Two news releases from the Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the
Military in September 2005 claimed to have evidence that homosexual service
members were being retained to serve the needs of war, despite the homosexual
conduct law. n516 But a spokesman at the Forces Command Army base at Fort
McPherson, Georgia, where this evidence allegedly was found, has countered that
argument with a clarification. According to the spokesman, if a soldier declares
himself to be homosexual just prior to a deployment, an investigation ensues,
lasting eight to ten weeks, which may not be completed prior to deployment. If
the investigation does find that a person is homosexual and therefore not
eligible to serve, an honorable discharge is ordered, even if the person is
deployed. n517

   Anecdotes about homosexuals being allowed to remain in the military
demonstrate the need for accurate information on what the "Military Personnel
Eligibility Act" actually says. Commanders who do not understand or enforce the
law should be given accurate information and support when taking steps to comply
with it. Officials who choose to disregard this law should be held accountable
in the same way that they would be for other failures to comply with duly
enacted law.

   g. Linguists and the Defense Language Institute

 The "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy/regulations have caused widespread confusion
and costly errors, such as the admittance of twelve homosexual language trainees
to the Army's Defense Language Institute (DLI) in Monterey,  [*922]  California.
Two of the students were found in bed together, and the others voluntarily
admitted their homosexuality. n518

   All were honorably discharged. n519 Gay activist groups decried the
dismissals as a loss for national security. The true loss occurred, however,
when twelve students who were not eligible to serve occupied the spaces of other
language trainees who could be participating in the current war. This wasted
time and money was a direct result of President Clinton's calculated action to
accommodate homosexuals in the military, despite prohibitions in the law.

   Military specialty schools such as the DLI should not be misusing scarce
resources to train linguists who are not eligible to serve in the military. The
problem here is not the 1993 homosexual conduct law, but "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell," a set of inconsistent enforcement regulations that ought to be
administratively eliminated. n520

   h. Alleged Shortages in Critical Specialties

 In July 1994, the Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military
(CSSMM) claimed the military was discharging valuable personnel in important
military specialties. These included, for example, "49 nuclear, biological, and
chemical warfare specialists; 212 medical-care workers; 90 nuclear power
engineers; 52 missile guidance and control operators; 10 rocket, missile and
other artillery specialists; 340 infantrymen; 88 linguists; and 163
law-enforcement specialists." n521 The story was based on data that the CSSMM
obtained from the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC) by means of a Freedom of
Information Request. n522

   A closer look at the same data, obtained from the DMDC, reveals several
disparities with those quoted in the "study" released by the CSSMM. For example,
according to the official who provided the same DMDC data to this author, the
category of persons in the "nuclear power" field does not necessarily mean that
all the people in question were "nuclear power engineers." n523 As for  [*923]
the eighty-eight discharged linguists, the list of "Primary DoD Occupation Code"
titles includes, at number 241, "Language interrogation," an occupation from
which a total of fifteen persons were separated due to homosexuality. But that
is seventy-three persons short of the number of discharged "linguists" cited.
How to account for the discrepancy? A Duty Base Facility Identifier Table, also
provided by the DMDC, indicates that a total of seventy-three persons were
separated from the Presidio of Monterey, where the Defense Language Institute is
located. n524 It is not clear how the CSSMM came up with the the claim that
"eighty-eight linguists" were discharged due to the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
policy. Fifteen plus seventy-three, coincidentally, equals eighty-eight. There
is no "linguist" category listed among the DMDC categories of occupations. n525

   Another round of news reports and hand-wringing commentaries centered on the
loss of "fifty-four Arabic linguists" trained for military service. n526 This
number is in a column of personnel losses noted by the General Accountability
Office (GAO) in 2005. n527 The referenced number is broken down, however, by
type and level of proficiency of the language trainees, which varied
considerably. Again, the number of language trainees lost after any time in
training could be reduced to near zero if the "Military Personnel Eligibility
Act" were accurately explained and enforced by the Department of Defense.

   i. The Urban Institute

 In September 2004, the Urban Institute, a nonpartisan social policy and
research organization, issued a report estimating that approximately 65,000 gay
personnel are now serving in the U.S. military, and another one million gays and
lesbians are veterans. n528 Activists frequently cite this report when
advocating repeal of the 1993 homosexual conduct law n529 - sometimes touting
the data as if it is brand new and "solid." n530

   The document, however, reveals questionable methodology, based on
presumptions about the percentage of homosexuals in the general population
[*924]  and about the sexuality of persons interviewed by the census. n531 The
speculative claim that three percent of women and four percent of men are
homosexual was applied to 2000 census data on the number of persons of the same
sex living in the same household - one of whom is a "veteran." n532 Citing
mathematical computations, the study speculated that household-mates of the same
sex are homosexual. n533 Next came the leaping conclusion that sixty-five
thousand gay men and lesbians are serving or used to be in the military. This
number is frequently trumpeted by gay activists and like-minded journalists, who
overlook or fail to mention the fact that the census does not ask questions
about sexual orientation or behavior. All estimates are based on sheer
speculation, dressed up with a public relations spin.

   The Urban Institute report, which was prepared in consultation with the
activist Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military and the
Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, is more like an urban legend than a
serious piece of scholarship.

   j. Harassment of Homosexuals

 Contrary to exaggerated claims by activist groups, more than eighty percent of
homosexual service members discharged since the law was enacted left the service
not because of witch hunts rooting them out but because of voluntary statements
admitting homosexuality. According to a 1998 DoD Task Force report, there were
only four cases of anti-homosexual harassment reported since 1994. n534 Two of
those cases involved anonymous letters that could not be traced. n535

   In 1999, homosexual activists crafted a polemic campaign that focused on the
brutal murder of Army Pfc. Barry Winchell, an alleged homosexual, at Fort
Campbell, Kentucky, in July of that year. n536 The savage killing of Pfc. Barry
Winchell has been cited as evidence that more must be done to end "hate crimes"
and harassment of homosexuals. n537

    [*925]  The confessed killer, Pvt. Calvin Glover, assaulted Winchell in the
barracks with a baseball bat on July 4, 1999, several hours after Winchell had
beaten him in a drunken brawl. n538 Evidence of Glover's hostile attitude toward
Winchell, who was involved with a transgender male nightclub entertainer who
appeared to be a woman, was a factor in his trial and sentencing to life in
prison. n539 An Army Inspector General investigation cleared Fort Campbell
commanders, but noted poor morale and a tolerance of underage drinking and
anti-gay language by the senior sergeant in the battalion. The report also noted
the reluctance of battalion commanders to ask questions about matters involving
alleged homosexuality. n540 Military discipline requires constant awareness of
what is happening in military units, throughout the chain of command. A policy
such as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" that discourages the asking of legitimate
questions interferes with sound leadership. In this tragic case, a failure to
ask questions apparently was a factor in the creation of a volatile situation
that exploded with violence. Perpetrators of this crime have been rightly
punished, but there is no need for additional legislation to stop harassment or
murderous assaults - of anyone - in the barracks.

   Some recent cases of harassment involving persons of the same sex deserve
closer scrutiny and objective analysis of whether the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
policy created conditions conducive to abuse. For example, the Associated Press
reported that a drill sergeant at Fort Eustis, Virginia, faced molestation
charges for forcing a trainee to dress as Superman and submit to sexual acts. A
Fort Eustis spokeswoman, Karla Gonzalez, confirmed that Army Staff Sgt. Edmundo
F. Estrada, thirty-five-years-old, was accused of indecent assault, having an
inappropriate relationship with a trainee, and cruelty and maltreatment of
subordinates. n541

    [*926]  Air Force Captain Devery L. Taylor was convicted and sentenced to
twenty-eight to fifty years in prison for raping four men, allegedly with
date-rape drugs. According to a report in Air Force Times, an investigator
interrogating Taylor, now a convicted serial rapist, said that he would not ask
any questions about the man's sexual practices because such questions are not
allowed. This statement demonstrated how misunderstandings about the 1993
homosexual conduct law help to create volatile conditions that undermine good
order and discipline. n542 Sexual assault of any kind is wrong and especially
demoralizing in a military setting, where people live in conditions of "forced
intimacy" and are not free to change jobs if someone threatens them. Such
misconduct should not be considered "off limits" to questioning just because it
happens to occur between persons of the same sex.

   k. Foreign Militaries

 The Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military and other
activist groups frequently point to the experiences of other countries, such as
Great Britain, Canada, Australia, the Netherlands, and Israel, which have no
restrictions on professed homosexuals in their militaries. n543

   The United Kingdom was ordered by the European Court of Human Rights to open
its ranks to homosexuals in September 1999. n544 There was some controversy in
the Parliament, but instead of appealing or challenging the ruling, ultimately
the nation complied - something the United States would be unlikely to do.
Contrary to the notion that all has gone well, European newspapers have reported
recruiting and disciplinary problems in the British military. n545

    [*927]  Canada, Australia, and the Netherlands have cultures quite different
from the United States n546 and live under the protection of the American
military. Prof. Charles Moskos has noted that nations without official
restrictions on gays in the military are also very restrictive in actual
practice. Germany, for example, dropped criminal sanctions against homosexual
activities in 1969, but also imposed many restrictions on open homosexual
behavior and imposed career penalties such as denial of promotions and access to
classified information. n547 Israel's situation differs from the United States
because all able-bodied citizens, including women, are compelled to serve in the
military. Israeli soldiers usually do not reveal their homosexuality and are
barred from elite combat positions if they do. n548

   The CSSMM frequently claims that no problems have been experienced in all of
the countries listed above and is critical of those who support the ban,
demanding that opponents provide "empirical" evidence to support their case. The
irony is that the CSSMM and other activist groups base most of their arguments
on anecdotal information and opinion, largely gathered from like-minded sources.

   In a letter to Parameters responding to a Summer 2003 article by Aaron
Belkin, Maj. Joseph A. Craft, USMC, pointed out that the CSSMM Executive
Director had based his case on interviews with only 104 "experts" in four
countries - all of whom were advocates of gays in the military. n549 Wrote
Craft,



   One of Belkin's key arguments is that Don't Ask, Don't Tell (DADT) is based
on anecdotes and misleading surveys instead of quantitative evidence... . Yet
Belkin's article is entirely anecdotal. It is nothing more than selected quotes
from supposed experts who claim that homosexual integration has had no impact on
unit cohesion or military readiness. A quick review of the author's endnotes,
cross-checked with an internet search, reveals the questionable credentials and
political leanings of most of these experts. At one point, Belkin refers to a
1995 Canadian government report, which supposedly indicates that lifting the ban
on gays in the military had "no effect." However, his endnote does not cite the
report but a "personal communication with Karol Wenek." n550

 The issue of homosexuals in the military is a major political question that has
been dealt with through the political system, as established by the U.S.
Constitution. Major decisions such as this should not be decided by  [*928]
international courts, federal courts in the United States, or by politicians who
are misinformed about the nature of the 1993 law and the rationale behind it.

   l. Religious Bias

 Finally, advocates of gays in the military have attempted to fire up their
cause by criticizing Marine Gen. Peter Pace, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff, who expressed his personal views regarding gays in the military and
personal morality during an interview on March 11, 2007. n551 A wave of name
calling and demands for an apology ensued, but Gen. Pace had no reason to
apologize for a law duly enacted by Congress. The statute reflects the views of
people who see the issue in moral terms, but it uses secular language
emphasizing military discipline. Duly enacted laws - including prohibitions
against lying, stealing, and murder - should not be repealed just because they
coincide with religious principles and moral codes such as the Ten Commandments.

   IV. Conclusion

   A. The Military/Civilian Connection

 Today's military is not a conservative institution. It is on the cutting edge
of liberal cultural change. Many times in our history the military has advanced
positive social change, especially in the area of civil rights. The armed forces
were very much ahead of the civilian world in overcoming prejudice against
minorities and promoting women to leadership positions at rates equal to or
faster than men. n552

   Since 9/11, cultural change in the all-volunteer force has accelerated. We
are accustomed to seeing female soldiers in fatigues, boots, and helmets,
piloting aircraft, navigating ships, carrying weapons, and driving humvees in
support of combat operations. We always knew that women were courageous, but
never in our history have we seen so much evidence of bravery among servicewomen
who are choosing to live - and in unprecedented numbers, die?in a man's very
dangerous world. Women are in our military to stay, and no one is seriously
suggesting otherwise.

   Given the prominence of gender issues in today's military, it is wise to
consider the cultural implications of the current course. Pentagon officials,
feminist activists, politicians, media, and bureaucratic forces are uniting to
push for elimination of all of women's exemptions from direct ground combat.
Many of the same people expect officially mandated acceptance of professed
[*929]  homosexuals in the armed forces, with career penalties for anyone who
dares to object or show resistance.

   Some advocates attempt to wrap their agenda in the flag of military
necessity, but the two social movements share the same hierarchy of values. Both
movements assign higher priority to "equal opportunity" considerations than they
do to the needs of the military. The advocates of these movements are asking the
armed forces to pay any price, and carry any burden, in order to advance
acceptance of their viewpoints and the career opportunities of a few.

   If this paramount standard of review is adopted and applied consistently, the
consequences inevitably will be felt not only in the military, but in the
civilian world as well. In the matter of gays in the military, that is the
underlying objective. It is reasonable to ask, where is this powerful and
respected institution taking us now?

   1. What Our Military Says About Cultural Values

   a. Respect for Women

 One of the biggest human interest news stories in recent years was the
mysterious disappearance of eighteen-year-old Natalie Holloway, in 2005, during
a high school graduation trip to Aruba. After months of controversy, in March
2006, Fox News correspondent Greta van Susteren - who "owned" the story -
interviewed the prime suspect, eighteen-year-old Joran van der Sloot. n553
Experts who watched the three-part interview thought that the young man came
across as surprisingly credible and that he probably did not kill Natalie. Yet
no one analyzed the broader implications and message conveyed by the young man's
defense. Joran van der Sloot claimed he was innocent because he left the
intoxicated Natalie Holloway alone, late at night, on a beach in Aruba. His
indifference and self-centered neglect that night did not violate any law. But
it did say something about respect for women and the eroding values of Western
Civilization. The parents of Joran, apparently, did not teach him a fundamental
lesson: Good men protect and defend women. It is a concept that we purge from
our culture at great risk.

   In the summer of 1995, near downtown Detroit, Michigan, a 260-pound man,
Martell Welch, brutally assaulted a 115-pound woman, Deletha Word, on the Belle
Isle Bridge. Approximately forty people reportedly watched but did not intervene
when Welch chased Word with a tire iron. The desperate woman fled and leaped off
the bridge to her death. n554 At the conclusion of Welch's trial in April 1996,
foreman William Brown announced the jury's maximum verdict: second degree
murder. Brown also made front-page news by reaffirming civilized cultural
values. Repeating a simple maxim that he had learned at his mother's knee, Brown
conveyed a message that the jury intended to be heard by the young men of the
city of Detroit: "Never hit a woman. You can't go around battering young ladies.
The people aren't going to take it anymore." n555 With that  [*930]  unequivocal
statement, the thirty-two-year-old security guard demonstrated civilized
cultural values. If mothers everywhere taught the same lesson to their sons,
violent crime rates would drop significantly.

   In contrast to the two stories above, the campaign to force young women into
or near the violence of close combat depends on psychological acceptance of the
idea that men can and should place women in physical or mortal danger. n556 Even
in some forms of military training, men have to learn to "hit" female trainees
and not think twice about it. n557 Kate O'Beirne, as a member of the
Presidential Commission and now an author, forcefully defended Western cultural
values and civilization on the issue of violence against women. Feminist
advocates had difficulty answering Commissioner O'Beirne's compelling argument,
which she restated in 2006:



   Good men protect and defend women in the face of a physical threat. If men in
uniform are going to be expected to be sex blind when it comes to protecting
their comrades, American mothers will have to get to work instructing their sons
that it's okay to hit girls. Women have no "right" to serve in combat if their
presence puts the men they serve with in jeopardy because these decent men are
determined to protect the weaker sex. Instructors at the military's [Survival,
Evasion, Resistance & Escape (SERE)] school for pilots saw that male students
reacted more negatively to the simulated torture of female trainees and
concluded that the men would have to be trained to inure themselves to the
plight of women in pain. n558



Feminists recognize the vulnerability of women when they are concerned with the
plight of women who are victims of domestic abuse... . Their position on
integrating combat ranks puts them in the position of saying that violence
against women is a terrible thing unless it is at the hands of the enemy, in
which case it's a welcome tribute to women's equality. n559


   b. Cultural Amnesia and the "New Chivalry"

 Do we as a nation still believe that good men protect and defend women? The
answer is unclear. In the military, traditional chivalry has been replaced with
a peculiar form of "new chivalry." n560 The new concept promotes  [*931]
professional paternalism, as defined and provided by "victim advocates" who get
paid to help women who encounter problems in the brave, new, gender-free world.
n561

   The military service academies have become a prime market for professionally
paternalistic Department of Women's Studies graduates who are seeking to become
a growth service industry in the DoD and military bases everywhere. n562 Many
officials in Congress, the Pentagon, and the service academies are eager to
establish ubiquitous "victim advocate" offices, staffed by professionals who vow
to protect military women from the slightest form of harassment, real or
imagined.

   The same officials simultaneously promote the deliberate exposure of military
women to extreme abuse and violence in close, lethal combat, where females do
not have an equal opportunity to survive or to help fellow soldiers survive.
Some observers think this is acceptable because the women volunteered for
military service and knew what they were getting into. Indications are, however,
that many female recruits are not being informed, prior to enlistment, that
regulations no longer exempt women from assignments known to involve a
"substantial risk of capture." n563 Nor are the female recruits being told that
their "job description" might involve involuntary placement in ground
combat-collocated units, despite regulations requiring those units to be coded
for men only. n564 Army officials have been misleading members of Congress and
female  [*932]  recruits about the possibility of involuntary placement in
ground-combat-collocated units since 2004, primarily by playing word games in
order to justify the illicit "employment" of women in certain support units that
collocate, or embed, with all-male infantry battalions. n565

   The general public is confused and conflicted. Allegations of sexual abuse in
the military inspire outrage, but news stories about unprecedented numbers of
women killed and injured in the war are met with stoic and resigned acceptance.
This reaction was presaged in 1992 by prisoner of war survival (SERE)
instructors, who favored repeal of all exemption rules. The SERE trainers told
the Presidential Commission that the culture would have to change before great
numbers of women could be sent into combat. n566 A type of "de-sensitization,"
similar to coping mechanisms that are taught to men in training scenarios
simulating abuse of female captives, would have to occur in the nation. n567

    [*933]  Are we already there? An insightful New Yorker cartoon, showing a
group of bureaucrats discussing disturbing news while seated around a conference
table, may be close to the truth. In the caption one of the men says to the
others, "Let's just sit tight till the cultural amnesia sets in." n568

   There are several reasons, including cultural amnesia, that explain why the
public reaction to the numbers of women killed in the current war has been
somewhat muted. One is that people understand the power of international media
and the Internet. We are reluctant to react in a way that encourages murderous
anarchists in Iraq to deliberately target more of our women for capture,
brutality, and death. n569 Another reason is that many Americans find it hard to
believe that a Republican administration would ignore or contradict the
president's stated position that women should not be in land combat. And we
respect the sacrifices of our female soldiers. No one wants to say anything that
might add to the grief of the families. Reaction is also diffuse because news
stories about the deaths and injuries being suffered by our women usually appear
only in the soldiers' hometown newspapers, with little information provided.
Rarely do we hear heartbreaking details, such as circumstances surrounding the
death of Staff Sgt. Kimberley Voelz, who lost her life during a courageous
attempt to defuse a bomb in Iraq. n570

   A news report from Britain reflects a kind of concern about combat violence
against women that has been muted in the United States. n571 Two women, a nurse
and an interpreter, were among four soldiers killed in a bomb attack near the
southern Iraq city of Basra. n572 Col. Bob Stewart, who was the first British
commander of UN forces in Bosnia, said that he was against women being close to
combat as their deaths or injuries had a debilitating effect on male soldiers.
n573 "It's disquieting for a lot of people in this country when women are put
into the front line because when they are wounded or killed, the men around them
find it very difficult to operate." n574 Col. Stewart added that he had  [*934]
twice been present when women soldiers died. n575 "One was in my arms after a
bomb in Northern Ireland and I was inconsolable afterwards. I could not operate.
If you put women in the front line because they are equal then you have to
expect that there will be operational casualties." n576

   In the New Gender Order, we are not supposed to care about female soldiers
any more than we do about male soldiers, who die in far greater numbers. Some
men who resent feminists take it a step further, expressing eagerness to see
more female soldiers injured and killed in combat. "You wanted equal rights,"
they argue. "Why shouldn't you be expected to lose limbs, bleed, and die in
combat along with the men?" This attitude represents a small but significant
cohort of men, which was detected in a survey of Army men and women done for the
Presidential Commission by one of its members, noted sociologist Charles C.
Moskos, Ph.D. n577 Prof. Moskos and his Northwestern University colleague,
doctoral candidate Laura Miller, identified a group of survey respondents that
they called "egalitarian sexists" or "hostile proponents." n578 These were men
who advocated forced combat for women for vindictive reasons. n579

   A West Point graduate challenged that attitude: "Ninety years ago, the
Titanic men gave their lives for the women and children "because it was the
civilized thing to do;' now women are masculinized to serve in wars for American
males [who are] relaxing at golf and tennis clubs declaring it "progress.'" n580

   Syndicated columnist Kathleen Parker has expressed similar concerns:

    [*935]

Our military is gradually weaning men of their intuitive inclination to protect
women - which by extrapolation, means ignoring the screams of women being
assaulted. At the point when our men can stand by unfazed while American
servicewomen are raped and tortured, thewe will have no cause to fight any war.
We will have already lost. n581


   c. Untold Consequences of Family Separation

 This "progress" has affected not only women, but thousands of young children
left behind while their sole parent, one parent, or both are deployed to the war
zone - sometimes for a year or more. The military does regular assessments of
the impact of military operations on wild animals, birds, and whales. n582 In
contrast, thousands of children are being conscripted for an unprecedented
social experiment, but there have been few studies done or revealed that have
examined the psychological effects of prolonged wartime separation on children
and their parents. n583

   The last time the subject was officially researched at all was in 1992, when
several experts in the fields of child psychology, psychiatry, and human
development presented testimony to the Presidential Commission. n584 Some
witnesses focused on the impact of long-term wartime separation on children.
Others described the coping mechanisms of deployed mothers - including
deliberately setting aside their maternal feelings while abroad - and the
[*936]  difficulty of reestablishing those feelings upon their return,
especially when the child emotionally withdraws. n585

   There have been many recent reports of emotional scars in military families,
indicating that this subject ought to be studied in more depth. n586 Instead,
the DoD continues to subsidize and encourage the recruitment and deployment of
single mothers and moms with large families, buying into the politically correct
notion that it makes no difference who does the soldiering and who does the
mothering.

   2. Rumpelstiltskin Recruiting

 In addition to personal patriotism, fathers and mothers join or stay in the
military for the same reasons they work in any occupation. But in the military,
generous education, housing, and medical benefits serve as an almost
irresistible magnet for single parents with custody, the greater proportion of
which are mothers. n587 Gender-based recruiting quotas increase numbers of
deployable mothers even more, especially in the National Guard, which allows
single parents with custody to sign up for deployable positions. n588

   In this and many other situations involving single-or dual-service parents,
family subsidies that are needed to support stable families have had the  [*937]
unintended effect of creating more unstable families. As in the civilian world,
when you subsidize something you get more of it.

   Due to pressures from feminists inside and outside of the Pentagon, the
military seems incapable of striking a more reasonable balance between the needs
of three parties at interest: (1) the mother, who wants a good job and career
advancement; (2) field commanders, who rely upon the readiness of deployable
personnel; and (3) the children, whose needs for mother-care have not changed to
conform with feminist theories.

   The military's answer to this monumental problem is to throw money at it.
Millions of defense dollars are spent on expensive, heavily subsidized childcare
- the largest system in the nation. Family support is a necessity in the
all-volunteer force, sixty percent of which is composed of married people. n589
Funds spent to sustain stable families have also attracted thousands of young
custodial single parents. Many of these young families live beneath the poverty
line, and depend on food stamps as well as financial support and benefits from
the DoD. n590

   The job of recruiters is tough enough, without having to spend more time and
money recruiting female trainees, who drop out at higher rates. n591 Pressures
from the Pentagon, however, have forced recruiters to become like the fairy tale
character Rumpelstiltskin - offering help to young women in need, with painful
separations from their children being the ultimate tradeoff later on. n592

   This does not mean that mothers should not serve in the military, but some
situations are less workable and acceptable than others, especially where the
needs of the child are concerned. n593

   Pentagon leaders need to acknowledge this reality. It is not sound policy to
perpetuate false assurances and illusions about the psychological resiliency of
children, while assigning lower priority to the most important needs of the
military.

[*938]

   B. Constructing a Stronger Military

   1. Recommendations for the Secretary of Defense

 When former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld gave his farewell address at the
Pentagon in December 2006, he said that the single worst day of his time in
office occurred when he learned of the Abu Ghraib prisoner scandal in Iraq. n594
This was not a military defeat, but it put the American forces on the defensive
and diverted untold thousands of man-hours for intense damage control.

   An internationally scandalous breakdown in discipline as serious as Abu
Ghraib is likely to happen again. One way to guarantee that result is to allow
social engineers to continue volatile social experiments with servicemen and
women, conducted without accountability or objective evaluation. Unlike the
mechanical engineers of NASA, social engineers do not even try to learn from
their mistakes. And when something bad happens, they blame men (not women) who
"don't get it," instead of accepting responsibility for their own policies.

   The social engineering blueprint for an ungendered military incorporates
elitist assumptions, Amazon myths, double standards, social fiction, high-level
dissembling, and arrogance held together with a fragile web of carefully spun
public relations. It is a shaky structure, not stable enough for what must be
the strongest military in the world.

   To reinforce the social infrastructure of our military, the Secretary of
Defense should:

   . Be vigilant.

   . Take these issues seriously.

   . Set forth sound priorities, putting the needs of the military first.

   . Mandate complete candor about the consequences of cultural change in the
military, forbidding retribution or career penalties for anyone expressing
inconvenient truth.

   a. End Illusions in Military Basic and Advanced Training

 In a 1997 article published by The Weekly Standard, former Secretary of the
Navy James Webb, now the junior Senator from Virginia, wrote about the
importance of getting candid, firsthand information from military commanders who
have to deal with the consequences of sexual misconduct in the military:



   Consider the commander who knows that the culprit in such situations is not
one or a half-dozen individuals, but a system that throws healthy young men and
women together inside a volatile, isolated crucible of emotions - a ship at sea
or basic training, to take two notable examples.



Whom does this commander tell if he believes that the experiment itself has not
worked, that the compressed and emotional environment in which these young men
and women have been thrust together by unknowing or uncaring policymakers
actually encourages disruptive sexual activity?

  [*939]

Present-day generals and admirals, constantly under political pressure,
sometimes unsure of where to draw the line between military and civilian
control, often constrained by legal edicts, and wishing to be fair to those
females who do perform well, have issued unenforceable orders rather than
confront the politicians who dreamed them up. They have muddled about for years
from incident to incident while many junior leaders have been forced to deal
directly with impossible, ethically compromising positions. n595

 In 1981, President Ronald Reagan summarily ended a five-year experiment with
co-ed basic training in the Army. Women were suffering too many injuries, and
men were not being challenged enough. n596 The Marines retained separate-gender
training, which continues to be superior for teaching discipline to both men and
women during and after basic training.

   In 1993, Army officials reinstated co-ed basic training and introduced
various types of gender-norming techniques to disguise physical differences. An
editorial cartoonist illustrated the illogic of this by portraying ten
beribboned Army generals sitting around a conference table: "It's agreed then,"
says the presiding general. "We will reduce the physical requirements of warfare
so that women may participate." n597

   A Marine officer serving in Fallujah addressed that illusion directly:



   Please think about this: when things really go wrong, that is not the time to
remember why the military has upper body strength requirements. When there are
casualties, no soldier or Marine should die because his buddy couldn't get him
to safety because she wasn't strong enough. n598

 The Secretary of Defense should:

   . Take this matter out of the hands of social engineers and restore
separate-gender basic training without apology or further delay. Mixed-gender
training occurs at advanced levels, but new recruits need to concentrate on
learning the basics first.

   . Require the various services to maintain height, weight, and physical
capability standards that are commensurate with occupational demands in time of
war and are not obscured by evaluations of entire groups in training. The
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 mandated "Gender-Neutral
Occupational Performance Standards," but none have yet been established. n599

    [*940]  . Direct all military officials responsible for physical training
that, if it is necessary to have different, gender-normed grading systems for
men and women in order to avoid disproportionate injuries among female trainees,
they must avoid describing the standards as "the same" or "identical," because
"equal effort" is not the same as "equal results."

   . Instruct advanced training commands that special concessions and double
standards involving women (DSIW) are not acceptable, particularly in aviation
and other forms of training for hazardous positions on land, sea, and in the
air.

   b. Restore Compliance with Policy and Law

 The issue of women in combat should not be treated as a "women's issue." It is
condescending, if not sexist, to treat these issues as less important than other
matters of Defense policy. DoD regulations regarding women in combat were set
forth in 1994, and the services are obligated to comply. Army officials do not
have the right to rewrite, redefine, bend, break, or contrive rules on their
own. Nor should Pentagon bureaucrats expect junior officers to resolve
contradictions and confusion caused by high level officials who are trying to
shift their own responsibilities elsewhere.

   "Fem fear" n600 is an emotion that grips the hearts of men who are terrified
that feminists - including women on the Armed Services Committees - might get
angry at them. The Defense Secretary has to be prepared to take some heat, but
ultimately it is much easier to defend coherent policies that are based on sound
principles than it is to satisfy implacable ideologues. Solid information can be
produced to support constructive directives, but only if the Secretary asks the
right questions and insists on complete, candid answers.

   "Fatherly favoritism" is another emotion that seems to be influencing some
policies in the military. A number of Pentagon policymakers have daughters in
uniform - some of them graduates of the military academies who want to follow
their dads' footsteps into flag rank. n601 Paternal feelings are understandable,
but they are the last reason why a policymaker should take a position either for
or against women in ground combat.

   Even if direct combat experience were required for promotions (it is not),
fatherly favoritism is not a good enough reason to send other women into combat.
Nor should these policies be influenced primarily by the opinions of wives or
female officers seeking promotions.

   Absent intervention by the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Army's
assignment system has become needlessly confused and chaotic. Field commanders
are expected to accommodate female soldiers in formerly all-male units, coping
with personnel losses that are common in gender-mixed support units. n602 At the
same time, junior female officers are being allowed to assign  [*941]  female
soldiers almost anywhere they please. n603 Male officers rarely are asked what
they think about all this, but if they are, their answers appear to be
influenced by career considerations. n604

   It is a demoralizing situation, unguided by policy or law, and another
example of DSIW. If (when) another explosive international incident involving
our military occurs, people will wonder why the Pentagon officials did not see
the "perfect storm" coming. n605

   Some observers insist that regulations do not matter anymore because there is
no "front line" in the current war. But in the last major mobilization of
American ground forces, the Persian Gulf War, there was a violent "front line"
attack to liberate Kuwait. It is impossible to predict what the requirements of
the next war will be, but even in the current war the missions of direct ground
combat troops, such as the infantry, Special Operations Forces, and Marine
[*942]  infantry, have not changed. "Tip of the spear" ground-combat troops
should not be managed as if they are the "tip of the spoon."

   DoD regulations are clear, but Army officials keep arrogating to themselves
the power to order young female soldiers into units that are required to be
all-male. Because responsible decisions on this issue are long overdue - and are
too important to be decided without accountability - the Secretary of Defense
should:

   . Direct Army officials to comply with current DoD regulations regarding
female soldiers, including the collocation rule.

   . Ensure compliance in new units requiring close combat experience and
readiness, such as small combat Military Transition Teams (MTTs), which train
male Iraqi troops in combat skills.

   . Order a reevaluation of some positions, such as the military police, to
determine areas that resemble direct ground combat. To ensure compliance with
regulations, it may be necessary to divide the occupational title to reflect
current realities.

   . Direct female search team (FST) leaders to begin the process of training
Iraqi women to assist their own forces in doing searches of female Iraqi
civilians.

   . Instruct Army officials that if they want to change or repeal the 1994
Aspin regulations, including the collocation rule, they first must obtain the
written approval of the Secretary of Defense. (This responsibility is too
important to be delegated to a subordinate.)

   . Provide formal notice of proposed regulation changes to Congress well in
advance, as mandated by law, together with the legally required analysis of the
consequences for Selective Service obligations.

   . Provide long-overdue information to Congress on how many female soldiers
have been physically placed in ground-combat-collocated units - and explain why
this has been permitted.

   . Dismiss or demote civilian and military officials who are responsible for
any shortages of male soldiers for the combat arms, and those who have ordered
the placement of female soldiers in units that are required to be all male.

   . If the Army is allowed to continue status-quo placements of women in or
near formerly all-male units, the Secretary should issue a formal news release
announcing that female soldiers can and will be assigned involuntarily in or
near direct-ground-combat units, such as the infantry. This information should
be posted in all recruiting offices.

   . Officials who are reluctant to provide this information publicly should
honestly assess why they are reluctant.

   c. Recruit to Meet Requirements

 If there is a greater need of men for the combat arms, the President should
speak directly to young men and ask them to consider serving in uniform. In the
years since 9/11, the President has yet to issue such a call, but it is likely
that sufficient numbers of young men would respond affirmatively if he were to
do so.

    [*943]  The various branches of the services are required to recruit people
to fill anticipated needs. The military service academies have the
responsibility to tailor the makeup of each incoming class, and the service
departments make assignments of graduates to meet current and future
requirements. The Secretary of Defense should:

   . Instruct leaders of the various services to adjust recruiting goals and
drop gender-based quotas, in order to provide the proper "inventory" of soldiers
for commanders in Iraq and Afghanistan, including those responsible for combat
training Military Transition Teams (MTTs). n606

   . Protect the volunteer force by defending, without apology, the right of
access for recruiters and ROTC units at high schools and colleges. n607

   . Instruct all military service academy superintendents to increase the
number of cadets and midshipmen who are eligible for the combat communities that
are needed most: Combined infantry/armor battalions, Special Operations Forces,
Marine Infantry, Navy SEALS, and submarines.

   . Instruct all recruiters that they should provide accurate information about
the risks involved in military service - i.e., that there are no laws exempting
women from "combat" and regulations regarding women do not exempt them from
being "In Harm's Way."

   . Encourage recruiters to spend primary time and effort with the cohort of
people who are most likely to sign up and finish basic training - i.e., young
men, who are also needed in greater numbers for the combat arms.

   d. Encourage Discipline, not Indiscipline

 Both civilian and military policy makers have the responsibility to set
conditions so that troops in the field can succeed. Given the many social
disruptions that have occurred in recent years, Pentagon policy makers have a
responsibility to deter similar incidents in the future. A senior Marine officer
wrote,



   As for the unit cohesion argument is concerned, you cite studies. I can tell
you, first hand, that females and males in forward deployed units do not mix
well. Flirtations and relationships on ships and remotely deployed units do have
an adverse effect on morale and unit cohesiveness. We deal with it every day
here in Iraq. n608

 Behavioral perfection is beyond the human condition; personnel policies should
encourage discipline rather than indiscipline. The Indiana National  [*944]
Guard has provided a small but significant demonstration of how sound policies
can work to reduce incidents of misconduct.

   In 2005, the Indiana National Guard was dealing with serious allegations of
rape and sexual misconduct between military recruiters and teenagers. The GAO
reported 629 confirmed cases of sexual misconduct in FYs 2004 and 2005. The
Associated Press reported that the highly inappropriate incidents involved
trusting girls - and some boys - who were offered alcohol and sexual attention
in the recruiting stations after hours. n609

   The GAO also reported that only ten percent of the allegations of sexual
misconduct were substantiated or corroborated (629 of 6602). n610 Even if the
remaining ninety percent of cases were discounted by half, a large portion of
the recruiters were being falsely accused.

   Instead of panicking and sacking any recruiter accused of misconduct, the
Indiana Guard adopted a policy, called "No One Alone," which addressed both
problems: sexual misconduct and false allegations of the same. This policy
simply states that adult recruiters may not be alone with teenage prospects in
offices, cars, or anywhere else. If they are, or if they fail to report another
recruiter's misconduct, they risk immediate disciplinary action. Wallet-sized
"Guard Cards" advise parents and students of the rules and a telephone number to
call if they experience anything improper.

   As a result of this sensible program, which deters inappropriate conduct and
discourages false accusations, morale is more secure, community trust is up, and
misconduct reports are down. n611 The Congress included language in the report
accompanying the 2007 Defense Authorization Act, encouraging the Defense
Department to adopt the Indiana National Guard's "No One Alone" policy as a DoD
standard. n612

   Policies to deter sexual misconduct between adults are more complicated but
have a better chance of succeeding if they acknowledge human failings, instead
of operating on the assumption that men and women are interchangeable beings who
can be perfected with a few "sensitivity training" sessions run by "victim
advocate" professionals. The Secretary of Defense, the service chiefs, academy
superintendents and all military installations should:

   . Adopt social policies that are rooted in reality, not social fiction.

   . Enforce "No One Alone" policies for all recruiters who work with teenagers
and potential recruits for all the services.

    [*945]  . End or discourage gender-mixed housing arrangements and other
situations that encourage unprofessional relationships, including the use of
alcohol.

   . Decline requests for funding of an "office of victim advocate" in the
Pentagon, and avoid mandates to needlessly increase such services, which are
readily available at the local installations.

   . Investigate all reports of sexual misconduct or abuse, having respect for
the privacy of a person alleging abuse prior to the filing of a complaint, but
also providing full protection for the rights of the accused after a complaint
is filed.

   e. Respect for Family and Cultural Values

 At times in history our leaders have had no choice but to send young men to
fight. We do have a choice, however, about sending women and single mothers.
America is a large and patriotic country; there is no demographic or military
reason why we must send so many young women and mothers to fight our wars.

   Since the September 11, 2001, attacks on America, some individuals, including
single and dual-service parents, have been rotated in and out of the war zone
several times, on deployments lengthened by several months. It is long past time
for policymakers to implement policies that alleviate the psychological damage
done to emotionally vulnerable children. There are several things that the
Secretary of Defense should do to address these problems:

   . Review and revise all family policies that do not provide a reasonable
balance between the interests of the parent, field commanders, and vulnerable
children. n613

   . Order appropriate DoD offices to consider or act upon the various
recommendations regarding family issues that were made by the Presidential
Commission in 1992, but not implemented. n614

   . Order the National Guard and Reserves to revise recruitment policies and
benefit subsidies, which have the effect of increasing the number of single
parents with custody, and the number of dependent children separated from their
parents during lengthy deployments.

   . Issue guidelines for disciplining military personnel who fail to make
secure arrangements for the care of their children.

   . Conduct and release studies of military post-traumatic stress disorder,
which monitor and report on gender differences, plus additional  [*946]  studies
providing information on the impact of long separations on military parents and
children.

   f. Enforce the 1993 Homosexual Conduct Law

 Activists who want to repeal the law banning homosexuals from the military are
determined to impose their agenda on the military. This would include the full
range of benefits and "sensitivity training" programs designed to promote
acceptance of the homosexual lifestyle and conduct. n615 For the sake of
civilian institutions as well as the military, they should not be allowed to
succeed. n616

   President George W. Bush is obligated by the U.S. Constitution to enforce all
laws, but he is not required to retain administrative regulations written by his
predecessor, including the policy known by the catch phrase "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell." Whether intended or not, inconsistencies between Clinton's policy and the
1993 homosexual conduct law create an advantage for activists who want to repeal
both.

   In doing this, the Department of Defense should not apologize or be
intimidated by civil rights analogies and pejorative accusations. Gen. Colin
Powell, who was Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff early in the Clinton
Administration, wrote a classic letter addressing the subject to then-Rep.
Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.) in 1993. Dismissing Schroeder's argument that his
position reminded her of arguments used in the 1950s against desegregating the
military, Gen. Powell replied:



   I know you are a history major but I can assure you I need no reminders
concerning the history of African-Americans in the defense of their nation and
the tribulations they faced. I am part of that history... . Skin color is a
benign, non-behavioral characteristic. Sexual orientation is perhaps the most
profound of human behavioral characteristics. Comparison of the two is a
convenient but invalid argument. n617

 Columnist Charles Krauthammer agreed:



   Powell's case does not just rest on tradition or fear. It rests on the
distinction between behavioral and non-behavioral characteristics. Skin color is
a non-behavioral trait. Homosexuality, like gender, is not. Consider the
behavioral implications of gender differences: Men and women are sexually
attracted to each other and sexual attraction engenders feelings not just of
desire but shame and a wish for privacy... .



That is why if a white person refuses association with blacks, the military
tells him that the refusal is irrational and will not be respected. But the
military does  [*947]  respect the difference between men and women. Because the
cramped and intimate quarters of the military afford no privacy, the military
sensibly and non-controversially does not force man and women to share barracks.
n618

 In recent years, advocates of gays in the military have been promoting the idea
that sexual modesty does not matter, since modern military facilities provide
more privacy than older ones. Even if people are exposed to others in the field,
they say, younger people are used to it, and this is not a big deal. n619 This
is an elitist argument, which is contradicted in numerous ways that usually
escape notice.

   A midwestern family-oriented recreation center, for example, has separate
locker rooms for men and women, next to the community pool. Inside the entrance
of the women's locker room is a sign clearly stating that boys of any age are
not permitted. A similar sign, regarding girls, is posted in the men's locker
room. The signs are there not as an affront to young boys (or girls). They are
there because the community respects the desire for sexual modesty in conditions
of forced intimacy. This is the case even though people who use the recreation
center do not live and sleep there for months at a time.

   Servicemen and women in the military deserve the same consideration, and much
more. As columnist Thomas Sowell wrote, "Military morale is an intangible, but
it is one of those intangibles without which the tangibles do not work." n620
Military people depend on policymakers to remember basic realities and to guard
their best interests. Considerations such as this strengthen vertical cohesion -
the indispensable bond of trust between military leaders and the troops they
lead.

   To ensure that the intent of Congress is carried out with regard to
homosexuals in the military, the Secretary of Defense should:

   . Improve understanding and enforcement of the law by eliminating the Clinton
Administration's enforcement regulations, known as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell,"
which are inconsistent with the 1993 law that Congress actually passed, and
(better yet) restore "the question" about homosexuality that used to be on
induction forms prior to January 1993.

   . Oppose any legislative attempt to repeal the 1993 homosexual conduct law in
Congress.

   . Ensure that the 1993 statute is vigorously defended every time it is
challenged in the federal courts.

   . Prepare and distribute accurate instructional materials for potential
recruits, recruiters, and all military personnel that include the text and
legislative history of the 1993 law.

   . Remind the media that everyone can serve their country in some way, but not
everyone is eligible to be in the military.

[*948]

   2. The Only Military We Have

 Many institutions in civilian life have been affected negatively by
unsuccessful social experimentation. The baby boomer and "Gen-X" generations,
for example, have been subjected to "look-say" reading, "new math," and "civics"
courses that fail to teach students fundamentals about history and the U.S.
Constitution. In matters of urban policy, whole cities have been threatened by
unrestrained crime, ruinous taxes, and crumbling neighborhoods.

   Parents who are dissatisfied with the public schools can choose private ones
or teach their children at home. If residents do not like the way their city is
being managed, they can run for local office or move to another city. Some
states gain population while others lose. Consumers constantly choose favored
products over less desirable ones. This is a free country, and limitless choices
are always available.

   When it comes to national defense, however, there are no options from which
to choose. Today's volunteer force is the only military we have. All of our
freedoms are guaranteed by a strong national defense, which cannot be taken for
granted in a dangerous world.

   Our national security depends on the men and women of the military. For our
own sake as well as theirs, the co-ed military must be constructed on
foundations that are sound. We have to get this right; it is the only military
we have. Ours is the strongest military in the world, and we have an obligation
to keep it that way.

[*949]

   APPENDIX A

 National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994, Pub. L. No. 103-160, §
571, 107 Stat. 1547, 1670 (1993) (codified at 10 U.S.C. § 654 (2000))

   (a) Codification. - (1) Chapter 37 of title 10, United States Code, is
amended by adding at the end the following new section:



   § 654. Policy concerning homosexuality in the armed forces



(a) Findings. - Congress makes the following findings:



(1) Section 8 of article I of the Constitution of the United States commits
exclusively to the Congress the powers to raise and support armies, provide and
maintain a Navy, and make rules for the government and regulation of the land
and naval forces.



(2) There is no constitutional right to serve in the armed forces.



(3) Pursuant to the powers conferred by section 8 of article I of the
Constitution of the United States, it lies within the discretion of the Congress
to establish qualifications for and conditions of service in the armed forces.



(4) The primary purpose of the armed forces is to prepare for and to prevail in
combat should the need arise.



(5) The conduct of military operations requires members of the armed forces to
make extraordinary sacrifices, including the ultimate sacrifice, in order to
provide for the common defense.



(6) Success in combat requires military units that are characterized by high
morale, good order and discipline, and unit cohesion.



(7) One of the most critical elements in combat capability is unit cohesion,
that is, the bonds of trust among individual service members that make the
combat effectiveness of a military unit greater than the sum of the combat
effectiveness of the individual unit members.



(8) Military life is fundamentally different from civilian life in that -



(A) the extraordinary responsibilities of the armed forces, the unique
conditions of military service, and the critical role of unit cohesion, require
that the military community, while subject to civilian control, exist as a
specialized society; and



(B) the military society is characterized by its own laws, rules, customs, and
traditions, including numerous restrictions on personal behavior, that would not
be acceptable in civilian society.



(9) The standards of conduct for members of the armed forces regulate a member's
life for 24 hours each day beginning at the moment the member enters military
status and not ending until that person is discharged or otherwise separated
from the armed forces.

  [*950]

(10) Those standards of conduct, including the Uniform Code of Military Justice,
apply to a member of the armed forces at all times that the member has a
military status, whether the member is on base or off base, and whether the
member is on duty or off duty.



(11) The pervasive application of the standards of conduct is necessary because
members of the armed forces must be ready at all times for worldwide deployment
to a combat environment.



(12) The worldwide deployment of United States military forces, the
international responsibilities of the United States, and the potential for
involvement of the armed forces in actual combat routinely make it necessary for
members of the armed forces involuntarily to accept living conditions and
working conditions that are often spartan, primitive, and characterized by
forced intimacy with little or no privacy.



(13) The prohibition against homosexual conduct is a longstanding element of
military law that continues to be necessary in the unique circumstances of
military service.



(14) The armed forces must maintain personnel policies that exclude persons
whose presence in the armed forces would create an unacceptable risk to the
armed forces' high standards of morale, good order and discipline, and unit
cohesion that are the essence of military capability.



(15) The presence in the armed forces of persons who demonstrate a propensity or
intent to engage in homosexual acts would create an unacceptable risk to the
high standards of morale, good order and discipline, and unit cohesion that are
the essence of military capability.



(b) Policy. - A member of the armed forces shall be separated from the armed
forces under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense if one or more
of the following findings is made and approved in accordance with procedures set
forth in such regulations:



(1) That the member has engaged in, attempted to engage in, or solicited another
to engage in a homosexual act or acts unless there are further findings, made
and approved in accordance with procedures set forth in such regulations, that
the member has demonstrated that -



(A) such conduct is a departure from the member's usual and customary behavior;



(B) such conduct, under all the circumstances, is unlikely to recur;



(C) such conduct was not accomplished by use of force, coercion, or
intimidation;



(D) under the particular circumstances of the case, the member's continued
presence in the armed forces is consistent with the interests of the armed
forces in proper discipline, good order, and morale; and



(E) the member does not have a propensity or intent to engage in homosexual
acts.



(2) That the member has stated that he or she is a homosexual or bisexual, or
words to that effect, unless there is a further finding, made and approved
[*951]  in accordance with procedures set forth in the regulations, that the
member has demonstrated that he or she is not a person who engages in, attempts
to engage in, has a propensity to engage in, or intends to engage in homosexual
acts.



(3) That the member has married or attempted to marry a person known to be of
the same biological sex.



(c) Entry standards and documents. -



(1) The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the standards for enlistment and
appointment of members of the armed forces reflect the policies set forth in
subsection (b).



(2) The documents used to effectuate the enlistment or appointment of a person
as a member of the armed forces shall set forth the provisions of subsection
(b).



(d) Required briefings. - The briefings that members of the armed forces receive
upon entry into the armed forces and periodically thereafter under section 937
of this title [10 U.S.C. § 937] (article 137 of the Uniform Code of Military
Justice) shall include a detailed explanation of the applicable laws and
regulations governing sexual conduct by members of the armed forces, including
the policies prescribed under subsection (b).



(e) Rule of construction. - Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to
require that a member of the armed forces be processed for separation from the
armed forces when a determination is made in accordance with regulations
prescribed by the Secretary of Defense that -



(1) the member engaged in conduct or made statements for the purpose of avoiding
or terminating military service; and



(2) separation of the member would not be in the best interest of the armed
forces.



(f) Definitions. - In this section:



(1) The term "homosexual" means a person, regardless of sex, who engages in,
attempts to engage in, has a propensity to engage in, or intends to engage in
homosexual acts, and includes the terms "gay" and "lesbian".



(2) The term "bisexual" means a person who engages in, attempts to engage in,
has a propensity to engage in, or intends to engage in homosexual and
heterosexual acts.



(3) The term "homosexual act" means -



(A) any bodily contact, actively undertaken or passively permitted, between
members of the same sex for the purpose of satisfying sexual desires; and



(B) any bodily contact which a reasonable person would understand to demonstrate
a propensity or intent to engage in an act described in subparagraph (A).

  [*952]  (b) Regulations. - Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment
of this Act [Nov. 30, 1993], the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of
Defense regulations, and issue such new regulations as may be necessary, to
implement section 654 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection
(a).

   (c) Savings Provision. - Nothing in this section or section 654 of title 10,
United States Code, as added by subsection (a), may be construed to invalidate
any inquiry, investigation, administrative action or proceeding, court-martial,
or judicial proceeding conducted before the effective date of regulations issued
by the Secretary of Defense to implement such section 654.

   (d) Sense of Congress. - It is the sense of Congress that -



   (1) the suspension of questioning concerning homosexuality as part of the
processing of individuals for accession into the Armed Forces under the interim
policy of January 29, 1993, should be continued, but the Secretary of Defense
may reinstate that questioning with such questions or such revised questions as
he considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that it is necessary to do
so in order to effectuate the policy set forth in section 654 of title 10,
United States Code, as added by subsection (a); and



(2) the Secretary of Defense should consider issuing guidance governing the
circumstances under which members of the Armed Forces questioned about
homosexuality for administrative purposes should be afforded warnings similar to
the warnings under section 831(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 31(b)
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)

.

   *

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil Rights LawVoting RightsGender & Sex DiscriminationMilitary & Veterans
LawServicemembersEnlisted PersonnelTransportation LawAir TransportationGeneral
Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Apollo One is the official name given retroactively to the Apollo/Saturn
204 (AS-204) spacecraft. See National Air and Space Museum, Apollo One Summary
of Events, Jan. 27, 1967,
http://www.nasm.si.edu/collections/imagery/apollo/AS01/a01sum.h tm (last visited
May 1, 2007).





n2.  Mary C. White, NASA History, Detailed Biographies of Apollo 1 Crew -
Epilogue (Aug. 4, 2006),
http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/pao/History/Apollo204/zorn/epilog .htm.





n3.  Conversation with Capt. Walter M. Schirra, U.S. Navy (Ret.), one of the
original seven Mercury astronauts, in San Diego, Cal. (Mar. 1994). See also
NASA, Report of Apollo 204 Review Board, at pt. IV (Apr. 5, 1967) ("The test was
conducted with ... a 100-percent oxygen atmosphere."), available at
http://history.nasa.gov/Apollo204/content.html; id. at app. D-11-9.



   The purge with 100-percent O<2> at above sea-level pressure contributed to
the propagation of fire in the Apollo 204 Spacecraft... . This was the planned
cabin environment for testing and launch, since prelaunch denitrogenation is
necessary to forestall the possibility of bends at the mission ambient pressure
of 5 pounds per square inch absolute. A comprehensive review of the operational
and physiological trade-offs of the various methods of denitrogenation is in
progress.

 Id.

   The Apollo One tragedy had been foreshadowed six years earlier, in 1961, when
Valentin Bondarenko, a Soviet cosmonaut trainee, was horribly burned and killed
in an accidental fire inside an isolation chamber with a high-oxygen
environment. The USSR concealed that calamity from the public for many years.
James Oberg observed, "The mere knowledge that a Soviet oxygen-rich fire had
killed a cosmonaut might have been enough to forestall an American repetition of
the disaster." See James E. Oberg, Uncovering Soviet Disasters: Exploring the
Limits of Glasnost 170 (1988).





n4.  National Air and Space Museum, supra note 1.





n5.  See generally Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women in the
Armed Forces, Report to the President: Women in Combat (1992) [hereinafter
Presidential Commission Report]. The fifteen retired military and civilian
members of the Presidential Commission, appointed by then-President George H.W.
Bush, included both advocates and opponents of women in combat. As a result, the
Commission's findings were comprehensive and not limited to a predetermined
"consensus." Commissioners requested and received testimony and detailed
documents from the Department of Defense and all of the service communities
throughout twenty-seven days of transcribed meetings in Washington, D.C.,
Chicago, Los Angeles, and Dallas. Retired officers, enlisted men and women,
family-support professionals, members of Congress, combat veterans, religious
and cultural leaders, foreign military representatives, training instructors,
physiologists, military historians, and active duty men and women testified or
spoke to commissioners during twenty-seven field trips to military locations.
Members of the military were encouraged to express their opinions freely on
either side of a wide variety of issues, provided that they had a rationale. A
majority of commissioners voted against the deployment of women in air combat,
most direct ground combat communities, and submarines, but they did not object
to the presence of women on large surface ships such as aircraft carriers.
Commission votes on major recommendations occurred on November 3, 1992, the same
day that President Bill Clinton was elected. Congress did not schedule hearings
on the Presidential Commission's recommendations and substantive findings, many
of which remain relevant to close combat issues in the news today.





n6.  The issues considered included the history and nature of warfare,
physiology, psychology, sociology, family and cultural values, the legal
consequences of a change in regulations affecting military women, and, most
importantly, the overarching, classic concerns of the military itself - namely,
combat readiness, unit cohesion, and military effectiveness.





n7.  A consistent case against women in combat was set forth in the "Alternative
Views" section of the Presidential Commission Report. See id. at 43-79. This
section advocated a standard of review articulated by then-Secretary of Defense
Richard Cheney on March 26, 1992:



   It's important for us to remember that what we are asked to do here in the
Department of Defense is to defend the nation. The only reason we exist is to be
prepared to fight and win wars. We're not a social welfare agency... . This is a
military organization. Decisions we make have to be taken based upon those kinds
of considerations and only those kinds of considerations.

 Id. at 43 (alteration added). See also Center for Military Readiness, The Case
Against Women in Combat (Dec. 12, 2001),
http://www.cmrlink.org/printfriendly.asp?docID=65 (summarizing the Alternative
Views section of the Presidential Commission Report). The Presidential
Commission Report also contained statements of individual commissioners who
supported women in combat. See Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at
80-121.





n8.  See Transcript, Meeting of the Presidential Commission, Wash., D.C., Oct.
22, 1992, 6:00 p.m. EST to adjournment (on file with author). Commissioner Kate
O'Beirne, sponsor of the non-binding resolution, said, "It seems to me
appropriate to adopt a standard of review that our decisions are based on the
needs of the military. That's what [is] paramount in our mind." Id. Commissioner
Meredith Neizer disagreed on the need for such a resolution: "It's military
readiness, it's military effectiveness, but that's not always the only
criteria." Id. Commissioner Darryl Henderson said, "I don't think we have a
mutually exclusive situation here." Id. Commissioner Donnelly added, "Concern
about military necessity does not preclude concern about equal opportunity. It's
a matter of priorities. People who are not convinced that women should be in
combat are sometimes accused of being opposed to the rights of women, and it's
not so. That's not the intent of the resolution." Id. Some commissioners voting
against the resolution said they would have preferred a resolution using the
phrase "combat effectiveness," a phrase used in the commission's authorizing
legislation. Id. Others noted that federal courts frequently have used the
phrase "military necessity" in rulings deferring to the military, and that some
policies that are not consistent with military necessity, such as gender-based
recruiting quotas, have nothing to do with combat effectiveness. Id. Subsequent
votes and statements by some commissioners favoring the integration of women
into all combat communities indicated a preference for equal opportunity as the
priority consideration, even when "performance" was cited as the primary goal.
See, e.g., Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at 90-92 (presenting a
"Dissent on Ground Combat" signed by three commissioners).





n9.  Lt. Col. Anthony D. Reyes, Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies,
Military Fellow Research Report, Strategic Options for Managing Diversity in the
U.S. Army ix (June 2006), available at
http://www.jointcenter.org/publications1/publication-PDFs/ TonyReyes.pdf. Lt.
Col. Reyes noted that only seven to eight percent of black officers enter the
combat branches, which account for fifty-nine percent of the Army's generals.
Id. at 1-2. He argued that giving women access to the combat "pipeline" would
increase diversity in the senior ranks. Id. at 2. See also Kelly Kennedy, Women
in Combat Arms?, Army Times, Nov. 27, 2006, at 16.

   Officers holding any grade of admiral or general are referred to as "flag
officers" because they are entitled to have a flag designating their rank
displayed at their place of duty.





n10.  See, e.g., Sec'y of the Army, 1 Senior Review Panel Report on Sexual
Harassment 2-3, 15-25 (July 1997) (examining problems with sexual misconduct at
Aberdeen Proving Ground and Army training facilities generally; recommending an
extra week of "sensitivity" training for all recruits, conducted by diversity
experts with a mandate to expand and engineer equal-opportunity programs). See
also Tranette Ledford & G.E. Willis, After Aberdeen, Army Times, Sept. 22, 1997,
at 3-4, 6; Sean D. Naylor, Values Instruction to be Added to Basic Training,
Army Times, Sept. 22, 1997, at 4 (noting that the planned extra week of training
would cost the Army the equivalent of "three battalions worth of soldiers");
Philip Shenon, Army's Leadership Blamed in Report on Sexual Abuses, N.Y. Times,
Sept. 12, 1997, at A1; Editorial, America's Lovesick Military, N.Y. Post, Sept.
15, 1997, at 22. Several reports on sexual misconduct at the service academies
have advocated more hours of diversity or sensitivity training to increase
acceptance of female cadets and midshipmen. See, e.g., Report of the Defense
Task Force on Sexual Harassment & Violence at the Military Service Academies
37-41 (June 2005) [hereinafter Defense Task Force Report], available at
http://www.sapr.mil/contents/references/high gpo rrc tx.pd f. Homosexuals are
not eligible to serve in the military, but on September 8, 1994, the Department
of Defense and the military services were official co-sponsors of a "Diversity
Day Training Event," which invited civilian advocates to promote "tolerance" of
the homosexual lifestyle and cause with lectures, panel discussions, and videos.
See infra note 411 and accompanying text.





n11.  See, e.g., Madeline Morris, By Force of Arms: Rape, War, and Military
Culture, 45 Duke L.J. 651, 751 (1996) ("There is much to be gained and little to
be lost by changing this aspect of military culture from a masculinist vision of
unalloyed aggressivity to an ungendered vision combining aggressivity with
compassion." (alteration added)). In a February 1993 interview with Vogue
magazine, Barbara S. Pope, former Assistant Navy Secretary for Manpower and
Reserve Affairs, commented on reports that investigations of the 1991 Tailhook
scandal had become abusive. "We are in the process of weeding out the white male
as norm," she said. "We're about changing the culture." See Stephanie Guttman,
Sex and the Soldier, New Republic, Feb. 24, 1997, at 20.





n12.  Military personnel evaluation forms have a checkbox indicating support for
equal opportunity (EO) programs. Personnel expressing dissent on EO matters for
any reason have been subject to career penalties, including denial of
promotions, demotion, or dismissal. See, e.g., Becky Garrison, Carkhuff Will
Stay, But Will He Fly Again?, Navy Times, Sept. 11, 1995, at 17 (reporting the
case of Lt. Cmdr. Ken Carkhuff, a Navy helicopter pilot who was almost dismissed
from the Navy because he expressed reservations - but did not disobey orders -
regarding women in combat aviation); Rowan Scarborough, Grounded Navy Pilot
Calls Nonflying Jobs Career-Ending, Wash. Times, Aug. 26, 1995, at A2 (same).





n13.  See Exec. Order No. 9981, 13 Fed. Reg. 4313 (July 26, 1948) ("There shall
be equality of treatment and opportunity for all persons in the armed services
without regard to race, color, religion or national origin ... .").





n14.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-40 (Findings 1.33,
1.33A).





n15.  See, e.g., Brian Mitchell, Women in the Military: Flirting with Disaster
99-122 (1998). In a chapter titled "DACOWITS 1, Army 0," Mitchell described the
earnest attempt by Army Chief of Staff Gen. Edward C. "Shy" Meyer to analyze the
role of female soldiers and establish objective standards for performance
commensurate with the demands of given military occupational specialties (MOS)
in time of war. His "Women in the Army" (WITA) study began in May 1980 and was
initially presented to the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services
(DACOWITS) in August 1982. At first DACOWITS welcomed the study, but three
months later civilian and former military feminists successfully pressured
DACOWITS to oppose the WITA recommendations as "barriers" to women's careers. By
the fall of 1983, Gen. Meyer had retired and a civilian civil rights lawyer with
no military experience was appointed Assistant Secretary of the Army for
Manpower and Reserve Affairs. As a result, most of the WITA recommendations to
close certain positions to women, and to establish objective standards for
physically demanding military occupations specialties, were repealed, made
optional, or dropped. Following what Mitchell called the "emasculation" of WITA,
there have been no attempts in the Army to establish objective standards for
physically challenging occupational specialties; nor are there likely to be any
additional attempts in the near future. Instead, the armed forces and military
service academies have adopted various gender-norming techniques that evaluate
or grade female trainees differently. Gender-normed standards - considered more
"fair" for women - give credit for "equal effort" rather than equal results.
(Brian Mitchell's book was originally published in 1989 under the title Weak
Link: The Feminization of the Military.)





n16.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-47 (Finding 1.55).
Approximately 37,000 Army, Navy, Marine, and Air Force women deployed in the
war. The Commission also received data from the various services indicating that
servicewomen experienced a rate of non-deployability of approximately 3:1 in
comparison to men in each of the services, largely due to pregnancy. Id. at
C-120 (Finding 3.54).





n17.  Id. at C-40, C-49 (Findings 1.35, 1.63, respectively).





n18.  Transcript, ABC World News Tonight (ABC television broadcast June 24,
1992, 6:30 p.m. EST); John Lancaster, A Gantlet of Terror, Frustration: Navy
Pilot Recounts Tailhook Incident, Wash. Post, June 24, 1992, at A1.





n19.  See Rowan Scarborough, Open Season on Navy, Wash. Times, July 20, 1992, at
A1 [hereinafter Scarborough, Open Season on Navy].





n20.  See, e.g., Helen Dewar, Senate Women Lose Fight to Pull Rank, Wash. Post,
Apr. 20, 1994, at A1 (published with an Associated Press photograph of Rep.
Schroeder and eight more congresswomen walking to the Senate to oppose the
retirement in rank of Adm. Frank B. Kelso, who was the Chief of Naval Operations
during the Tailhook controversy); William Matthews, The Woman the Pentagon Loves
to Hate, Army Times, Sept. 7, 1992, at 8; James Webb, Witch Hunt in the Navy,
N.Y. Times, Oct. 6, 1992, at A23.





n21.  See, e.g., Scarborough, Open Season on Navy, supra note 19 ("Rep. Patricia
Schroeder, Colorado Democrat, is using Tailhook to promote the women's
movement."); Matthews, supra note 20 (""[Schroeder] has broken a lot of ground
for women in the military and a lot of women really respect her. But military
men? She threatens them. She is a woman in a position to control the fate of
boys' toys.'" (quoting Cathryn Schultz of the Center for Defense Information)
(alteration added)).





n22.  Webb, supra note 20; Rowan Scarborough, Tailhook Judge Fires Prosecutor
for Misconduct, Wash. Times, Feb. 1, 1994, at A3 [hereinafter Scarborough,
Tailhook Judge Fires Prosecutor for Misconduct]; Editorial, End the Witch Hunt,
San Diego Union-Trib., Feb. 19, 1992, at G2; Peter J. Boyer, Admiral Boorda's
War, New Yorker, Sept. 16, 2006, at 72-75; Col. W. Hays Parks, Tailhook: What
Happened, Why & What's to be Learned, U.S. Naval Inst. Proc., Sept. 1994, at
89-103 [hereinafter Parks, Tailhook: What Happened, Why & What's to be Learned].
Col. Parks described various threats and unnecessarily degrading or intrusive
questions used to extract evidence. Id. at 102. Regarding the conduct of the
Tailhook investigators, Judge Robert E. Wiss of the U.S. Court of Military
Appeals wrote:



   The assembly-line technique in this case that merged and blurred
investigative and justice procedures is troublesome. At best, it reflects a most
curiously careless and amateurish approach to a very high-profile case by
experienced military lawyers and investigators. At worst, it raises the
possibility of a shadiness in respecting the rights of military members caught
up in a criminal investigation that cannot be condoned.

 Samples v. United States, 38 M.J. 482, 487 (C.M.A. 1994).





n23.  Webb, supra note 20; Boyer, supra note 22, at 74 ("The Department of
Defense regularly granted immunity to junior officers in the hope of ensnaring
their squadron commanders, who thus became permanently "implicated' even if they
were subsequently cleared of wrongdoing."). See, e.g., Richard Cohen,
Keelhauling Commander Stumpf, Wash. Post, Jan. 12, 1996, at A15. See also Robert
J. Caldwell, Closing Tailhook's Bleeding Wound, San Diego Union-Trib., Dec. 15,
1996, at G-1 (reporting that one officer, Lt. John Cooney, U.S. Navy, was
"implicated" and punished despite his insistence that he was not even at
Tailhook and despite later verification of his alibi with dated receipts);
Editorial, The Navy's Anita Hill, Detroit News, Oct. 24, 1993, at 2B.





n24.  Parks, Tailhook: What Happened, Why & What's to be Learned, supra note 22,
at 101-03 (noting that the DoD Acting Inspector General had forwarded 140 cases
for review - not "referred" them for prosecution - and that more than half were
dismissed immediately for lack of evidence or the lack of commission of a
criminal offense). See also Gregory Vistica, Tailhook Snagging Men Only, Lets
Women Off, Say Attorneys, San Diego Union-Trib., Aug. 27, 1993, at A1; Rowan
Scarborough, Navy Morale Sunk by Tailhook Probe, Wash. Times, Mar. 22, 1993, at
A1; and Rowan Scarborough, Only 3 Assault Cases in Tailhook Scandal, Wash.
Times, Aug. 16, 1993, at A1.





n25.  Office of the Inspector General, The Tailhook Report, at VIII-1-2 (1993)
[hereinafter Tailhook Report]; Parks, Tailhook: What Happened, Why & What's to
be Learned, supra note 22, at 101 ("DoD IG [Inspector General] policy
established for the Tailhook investigation was that it would not include
misconduct by female officers.").





n26.  Parks, Tailhook: What Happened, Why & What's to be Learned, supra note 22,
at 101.





n27.  Id. at 101; Vistica, supra note 24; Elaine Donnelly, The Tailhook
Scandals, Nat'l Rev., Mar. 7, 1994, at 61 [hereinafter Donnelly, The Tailhook
Scandals].





n28.  See Editorial, Tailhook Fever, Wall Street J., Mar. 12, 1996, at A18;
Rowan Scarborough, Tailhook Witness Told Lies, Wash. Times, July 23, 1993, at
A1. This statement also is based on numerous interviews with key Navy officials
who were involved in or implicated by the Tailhook investigation, including
former Navy Judge Advocate General Rear Adm. John "Ted" Gordon, U.S. Navy
(Ret.), former Commander of the Naval Investigative Service (NIS) Rear Adm.
Duval M. Williams, U.S. Navy (Ret.), Rear Adm. Riley Mixson, U.S. Navy (Ret.),
Cmdr. Robert E. Stumpf, USN, and several others who were unjustly punished in
various ways.





n29.  Parks, Tailhook: What Happened, Why & What's to be Learned, supra note 22,
at 101; Donnelly, The Tailhook Scandals, supra note 27. Several flag officers
also were unfairly scapegoated in media reports. See Parks, Tailhook: What
Happened, Why & What's to be Learned, supra note 22, at 96-98; Donnelly, The
Tailhook Scandals, supra note 27, at 59-60 (based on personal interviews and
correspondence in 1993 with Rear Adms. Mixson, Williams, and Gordon). Acting
Navy Secretary Sean O'Keefe falsely claimed at a September 1992 news conference
that Rear Adms. John Gordon and Duval Williams were retiring as a matter of
"conscience." In truth, Adm. Gordon was scheduled to retire at that time; he did
not resign due to Tailhook. Four weeks later, Acting Secretary O'Keefe issued a
memorandum clearing Rear Adms. Williams, Gordon, and George W. Davis, the Navy
Inspector General, of wrongdoing. On Feb. 14, 1995, Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.)
inserted a statement in the Congressional Record correcting misinformation about
the retirement of Rear Adm. Gordon, the former Navy Judge Advocate General,
making it clear that Gordon had not done anything to warrant adverse actions.
141 Cong Rec S2667 (1995) (statement of Sen. Nunn).

   In one of the more egregious cases of Tailhook injustice, a career-ending
letter of censure was issued to Rear Adm. Riley Mixson in 1993, punishing him
for Tailhook convention arrangements made by others in 1991. Rear Adm. Mixson
was busy elsewhere at that time, serving as Commander Battle Force Red Sea,
leading a three carrier battle force and numerous allied ships in the
air/surface campaign in Operation Desert Storm. In 2003, Navy Secretary Gordon
England convened a board of review, which cleared Mixson's name and removed the
unwarranted letter of censure from his file.

   In June 2002, another prominent Tailhook target, former Blue Angel Cmdr.
Robert E. Stumpf, finally received his deserved promotion to the rank of
captain, which had been bureaucratically ensnared in the Senate's "Tailhook
Certification"process. Capt. Stumpf, an exemplary officer who probably would
have achieved flag rank, celebrated his retroactive promotion on the same day
that he retired from the Navy.





n30.  Scarborough, Tailhook Judge Fires Prosecutor for Misconduct, supra note
22; Donnelly, The Tailhook Scandals, supra note 27, at 59-60. Rear Adm. John
Gordon, the Navy Judge Advocate General, predicted that numerous violations of
due process rights by the Acting DoD Inspector Gen. Derek J. Vander Schaaf,
including bungled interviews, would result in the dismissal of all court martial
cases. In an interview with The San Diego Union-Tribune, Gordon commented, "The
politicians took charge, tainting evidence and the process. Improper command
influence ruined the investigations and ruined the prosecutions." See Robert J.
Caldwell, Hollywood's Half-True Tailhook, San Diego Union-Trib., May 28, 1995,
at G1. The dismissal of the last three pending courts martial on February 8,
1992, proved Gordon to be correct.

   During subsequent litigation brought by Lt. Paula Coughlin against the
Tailhook Association and Hilton Hotels, Judge Philip M. Pro, a United States
district court judge in Las Vegas, criticized the DoD Inspector General's
investigatory techniques and ruled that the report was "largely conclusory and
based upon hearsay indicating its lack of trustworthiness." Coughlin v. Tailhook
Ass'n, No. 93-044 (D. Nev. Sept. 2, 1994). See also John F. Harris, U.S. Judge
Says Tailhook Report Won't Fly, Wash. Post, Sept. 8, 1994, at A8.





n31.  Jerry Unruh, The Flight Plan: Impact of Tailhook, Wings of Gold (Ass'n of
Naval Aviation), Summer 1996, at 12-13.





n32.  Ellen Goodman, The Navy Got Away With It, Boston Globe, Feb. 11, 1994.





n33.  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1992 and 1993, Pub. L.
No. 102-190, § 531, 105 Stat. 1290, 1365 (1991) (opening naval aviation to women
and repealing 10 U.S.C. § 8549 (1956), which barred Air Force women from
assignment to "duty in aircraft engaged in combat missions").





n34.  Women in the Military: The Tailhook Affair and the Problem of Sexual
Harassment: Hearing Before the Subcomm. on Mil. Personnel & Compensation of the
H. Comm. on Armed Servs. & Def. Pol'y Panel, 102d Cong. 25 (Sept. 14, 1992)
(statement of Rep. Schroeder).





n35.  See infra Part II.D.





n36.  Pub. L. No. 102-190, § 531, 105 Stat. at 1365.





n37.  Id. § 541, 105 Stat. at 1450.





n38.  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994, Pub. L. No.
103-160, § 541, 107 Stat. 1547, 1659 (1993) (repealing 10 U.S.C. § 6015 (1991),
which barred women from assignment to "duty on vessels that are engaged in
combat missions (other than as aviation officers as part of an air wing or other
air element assigned to such a vessel)" and from assignment to "other than
temporary duty on other vessels of the Navy except hospital ships, transports,
and vessels of a similar classification not expected to be assigned combat
missions").





n39.  Jeanne Holm, Women in the Military: An Unfinished Revolution 118-19
(1983). Contrary to popular belief, Congress never enacted a statute that
specifically exempted women from ground combat. Unlike specific ships and
aircraft on combatant missions, ground combat units were more difficult for
Congress to define. Members also trusted that the Pentagon would never assign
women to ground combat units such as the infantry.





n40.  See, e.g., Pub. L. No. 103-160, § 541, 107 Stat. at 1659.





n41.  Id. § 542, 107 Stat. at 1659-60. The FY 1994 congressional notification
law regarding direct ground combat was reinforced and expanded in the FY 2001
and 2002 NDAAs. See National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001,
Pub. L. No. 106-398, § 573, 114 Stat. 1654, 1654A-136 (2000) (enacting 10 U.S.C.
§ 6035 (2000) (requiring the Secretary of Defense to give Congress a thirty-day
notice before either assigning women to serve aboard submarines or configuring
submarines to allow for women's service)); National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-107, § 591, 115 Stat. 1012, 1125 (2002)
(amending the law from FY 1994). The notification law regarding direct ground
combat was restated in the FY 2006 NDAA. See National Defense Authorization Act
for Fiscal Year 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-163, § 541(a)(1), 119 Stat. 3136, 3251
(2006) (enacting 10 U.S.C. § 652 (West Supp. 2007)).

   Legislation sponsored by Rep. Roscoe Bartlett (R-Md.), and enacted as part of
the FY 2001 and 2002 NDAAs, mandated official notice to Congress at least thirty
legislative days (when both Houses are in session) before women are assigned to
submarines as well as direct ground combat.





n42.  10 U.S.C. § 652.





n43.  See generally Rostker v. Goldberg, 453 U.S. 57 (1981).





n44.  See Memorandum from Secretary of Defense Les Aspin to the Secretaries of
the Army, Navy, and Air Force et al., Policy on the Assignment of Women in the
Armed Forces (April 28, 1993) [hereinafter Policy on the Assignment of Women].





n45.  See Memorandum from Secretary of Defense Les Aspin to the Secretaries of
the Army, Navy, and Air Force et al., Direct Ground Combat Definition and
Assignment Rule (Jan. 13, 1994) [hereinafter Direct Ground Combat Definition and
Assignment Rule], available at http://cmr
link.org/cmrnotes/lesaspin%20dgc%20defassign%20rule%20011394.pd f.





n46.  See Letters from Secretary of Defense Les Aspin to House Armed Services
Committee Chairman Ronald V. Dellums and Ranking Member Floyd Spence, and to
Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sam Nunn and Ranking Member Strom
Thurmond (Jan. 21, 1994).





n47.  Direct Ground Combat Definition and Assignment Rule, supra note 45.





n48.  Id.





n49.  Memorandum from Secretary of Defense William Perry to the Secretaries of
the Army, Navy, and Air Force et al., Application of the Definition of Direct
Ground Combat and Assignment Rule (July 28, 1994) [hereinafter Application of
Direct Ground Combat Definition and Rule], available at
http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/wjperry%20letter%20072894.





n50.  The Department of Defense established the Risk Rule in 1988 to help
standardize the services' assignment of women to hostile areas. In evaluating
whether a non-combat position should be closed to women, each service
interpreted the DoD Risk Rule according to its own mission requirements. The
Risk Rule read as follows:



   Risks of direct combat, exposure to hostile fire, or capture are proper
criteria for closing non-combat positions or units to women, when the type,
degree, and duration of such risk are equal to or greater than the combat units
with which they are normally associated within a given theater of operations.

 See Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-36 (Findings 1.16,
1.17); see also Center for Military Readiness, Policy Analysis: Why American
Servicewomen are Serving at Greater Risk (Apr. 2003)
http://cmrlink.org/CMRNotes/M38V8CCMRRPT16.pdf.





n51.  See Dep't of Defense, Office of the Secretary of Defense, Public Affairs
News Release No. 449-94, Positions and Occupations Open to Active Duty Women by
Service, As of October 1, 1994 (July 29, 1994); Lists of open and closed
positions submitted by the services and approved by Defense Secretary William J.
Perry on July 28, 1994 (on file with author); Table provided by Under Secretary
of Defense for Personnel & Readiness titled "Positons Opened Since April 1993"
on July 28, 1994 (on file with author) See also Gen. Accounting Office, Gender
Issues: Information on DOD's Assignment Policy and Direct Ground Combat
Definition (1998), available at http://www.gao.gov/archive/1999/ns99007.pdf.





n52.  Larger brigades, which are composed of several battalions, are composed of
approximately 3600 to 3900 soldiers. Smaller battalions usually include 700 to
800 soldiers.





n53.  See infra Part II.A.2.b.





n54.  See Richard S. Lowry, The Story of Jessica Lynch: What Really Happened in
Nasiriyah, Daily Standard (online), Apr. 24, 2007,
http://www.weeklystandard.com/Content/Public/Articles/ 000/000/013/568yzaz.asp.
Lowry described the actions of Marines who fought at Nasirayah and Army Sergeant
Donald Walters, whose vehicle got stuck in the sand. See id. Walters was caught
fifteen miles behind enemy lines and "resisted for as long as he could. He
probably "fought to his last bullet.' He was captured alive and taken to an
Iraqi stronghold and later murdered." Id. Lowry added,



   The story of the Marines' battle to secure Nasiriyah is an amazing saga that
everyone should read. The battle was filled with individual acts of heroism. A
Distinguished Flying Cross, two Navy Crosses, a handful of Silver Stars, and a
larger handful of Bronze Stars were awarded for valor in the battle. Sergeant
Donald Walters was awarded a Silver Star, as well. Donald was a sandy-haired
young man. Some believe that it was an intercepted Iraqi radio report of his
ordeal that was somehow attributed to Jessica Lynch, the only blond female in
the unit.

 Id. See also Jane McHugh, Navigation Error Led to Attack on Convoy, Army Times,
July 21, 2003, available at
http://www.armytimes.com/legacy/new/0-ARMYPAPER-2009767.php; Howard L.
Rosenberg, Nightline: The Real Story of Pfc. Jessica Lynch's Convoy (ABC
television broadcast June 17, 2003) (transcript available at
http://abcnews.go.com/Nightline/story?id=128387 (Part 1); http://abc
news.go.com/Nightline/story?id=128389 (Part 2)). See also Laura Cruz, 507th
"Fought Hard," El Paso Times, July 9, 2003, at 1A.





n55.  If the DoD Risk Rule had still been in effect, it is possible that this
and similar support units would have been all-male or, if gender-integrated,
assigned elsewhere until the completion of direct ground combat operations,
i.e., the direct ground combat attack on Baghdad.





n56.  Paul Martin, U.S. Calls Footage of POWs "Disgusting," Wash. Times, Mar.
24, 2003, at A01.



   There were conflicting accounts of how many bodies were visible on the video
[broadcast on Al Jazeera], but all agreed that at least four persons could be
seen in U.S. Army uniforms, some of them lying in pools of blood. At least two
of them appeared to have died from wounds to the head. The video also showed
individual interviews with five prisoners, several of whom appeared to be
extremely frightened. The one woman among the prisoners [Spc. Shoshawna Johnson]
had a large bandage around her ankle, and one of the men was lying on a blanket
and had to be assisted to sit up.

 Id. (alterations added). See also Lowry, supra note 54.





n57.  Chris Roberts, Associated Press, Texas Army Post, Kin Horrified About
POWs, Wash. Post, Mar. 25, 2003.





n58.  See Lowry, supra note 54; Kari Huus, POW Video Reopens Gender Debate,
MSNBC.com, Mar. 25, 2003, http://www.msnbc.com/news/890275.asp; Cathy Booth
Thomas, Taken by Surprise: This Single Mom Joined the Army to be a Cook. How Did
She Become a POW?, Time, Apr. 7, 2003, at 64-65.





n59.  See Lowry, supra note 54 (describing this as the first successful rescue
of an American POW since WWII; what made it even more remarkable is that it
occurred in the center of a war-torn city and was precisely executed without a
single casualty). See also Bill Gertz, Military Begins Effort to Identify 11
Bodies: Remains Found in Rescue of Lynch, Wash. Times, Apr. 3, 2002, at A1;
Joyce Howard Price, Military Identifies Recovered Bodies, Wash. Times, Apr. 6,
2003, at A1 (in which Air Force Maj. Gen. Gene Renuart of U.S. Central Command
in Qatar said, "They did not have shovels in order to dig those graves up, so
they dug them up with their hands.").





n60.  Susan Schmidt & Vernon Loeb, She Was Fighting to the Death, Wash. Post,
Apr. 3, 2003, at A1. A flag-bedecked photo of a smiling Jessica Lynch in her
uniform highlighted the article, which was republished worldwide. On April 20,
2003, The Washington Post ombudsman Michael Getler wrote in an article that the
story was thinly sourced and probably not true. Michael Getler, Ombudsman,
Reporting Private Lynch, Wash. Post, Apr. 20, 2003, at B06. See also Lowry,
supra note 54 (writing that Lynch and Piestewa were initially taken to the Tykar
Military Hospital, which was near the ambush site and later identified as the
headquarters of Saddam Hussein's henchman "Chemical Ali," where hundreds of gas
masks, protective chemical suits, and a torture chamber were found).





n61.  See, e.g., Editorial, The Pinking of the Armed Forces, N.Y. Times, Mar.
24, 2003, at A14; Anne Applebaum, When Women Go to War, Wash. Post, Mar. 26,
2003, at A17; Richard Sandomir, Citing Role of Women in War, Burk Raises
Pressure on Augusta, N.Y. Times, Mar. 27, 2003, at S1 (describing Martha Burk's
campaign to convince the Augusta National Golf Club to admit women because
female soldiers were serving in the war).





n62.  Rick Bragg, I Am a Soldier Too: The Jessica Lynch Story (2003).





n63.  Prime Time Live (ABC television broadcast Nov. 11, 2003) (transcript on
file with author). Medical records from the American hospital in Germany
indicated that "[Lynch] was a victim of anal sexual assault ... [her] body armor
and bloody uniform were found in a house near the ambush site." Id. (alterations
added). The records also noted "the traumatic nature of her peri-anal lesions."
Id.





n64.  Bill Gertz, Coalition Forces Uncover Iraqi Torture Chambers, Graves, Wash.
Times, Apr. 23, 2003, at A11 (reporting that U.S. Marines had uncovered a
torture chamber near Nasiriyah on April 8; in a "hospital room," the Marines
found a car battery next to a metal bed frame that apparently was used as an
electric-shock device; and photos of burned and tortured bodies were found
nearby). See also Intelligence Tip, Local Iraqis Help Cited in POW Rescue, Wash.
Times, Apr. 3, 2003, at A10. Most reports failed to acknowledge that there were
two locations involved, though some reports said the captives were initially
taken to a Fedayeen headquarters with a small medical facility placed inside to
deter air attacks. The Washington Times quoted MSNBC correspondent Kerry
Sanders, who accompanied U.S. troops investigating what happened after the
ambush, as stating:



   "The forces found a bloodied U.S. uniform, of a kind used by female soldiers,
when they seized another hospital, used by Iraqi forces, in Nasiriyah last week,
Mr. Sanders said. MSNBC reported that Pfc. Lynch originally was held at the
nearby hospital where Marines found the bloody uniform. They also found a room
with a bed and large battery next to it, indicating that it had been used as a
torture chamber."

 Id. Pfc. Lynch, who was reportedly unconscious for approximately four hours at
the first building, has no memory of that time. Id. It is possible that video of
the captured soldiers, including some who had been shot at point-blank range,
was taken at this building, which was subsequently destroyed.





n65.  See Lowry, supra note 54; Alan Feuer, Aftereffects: A Hospital Ward;
Rescued Soldier's Iraqi Doctors Doubled as Her Guardians, N.Y. Times, Apr. 21,
2003, at A12; Dana Priest, William Booth & Susan Schmidt, A Broken Body, a
Broken Story, Pieced Together, Wash. Post, June 17, 2003, at A1; Michael Getler,
Ombudsman, A Long, and Incomplete, Correction, Wash. Post, June 29, 2003, at
B06; Sources Say Jessica Lynch Has Amnesia, FOXNews.com, May 4, 2003,
http://www.foxnews.com/ story/0,2933,85936,00.html; John Kampfner, Saving
Private Lynch Story "Flawed" (BBC News broadcast May 15, 2003) (transcript
available at http://newsw.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/ correspondent/3028585.stm).
At some point Pfc. Lynch was taken to the Saddam Hussein General Hospital in
Nasiriyah, where she received adequate care prior to her rescue. News accounts
about Pfc. Lynch were generally confused for several reasons: The initial hype
about Lynch's heroism, the failure of hospital officials in Germany to correct
those erroneous news reports, Lynch's own amnesia, gag orders imposed on the
Special Operations Forces troops who rescued Lynch, and European suspicions that
the rescue had been staged.





n66.  Richard Engel, Tape Confirms Iraqis Tried to Save U.S. POWs (NBC
television broadcast Dec. 30, 2003). The headline on this news report is
misleading and inconsistent with the troubling Iraqi video, which showed light
bandages on the battered faces of the two women. Pfc. Lynch appeared pale and
unconscious, while Pfc. Piestewa appeared to be in pain and near death. At the
time of the NBC News report, legitimate Iraqi doctors who treated Pfc. Lynch at
the Hussein hospital in Nasiriyah were insisting in news interviews that they
had given Pfc. Lynch the best care possible. The previously undisclosed Iraqi
video apparently was taken of the female captives elsewhere, probably at the
first building where Pfc. Lynch and Pfc. Piestewa were taken immediately after
the ambush.





n67.  See id.





n68.  See id.





n69.  See Prime Time Live (ABC television broadcast Nov. 11, 2003). See also
Elaine Donnelly, Jessica Lynch Reality Shatters Amazon Myths, San Diego
Union-Trib., Nov. 30, 2003, at G1.





n70.  In the early 1990s, following the Persian Gulf War, the Army began to
"draw down" and "transform" itself. Army divisions were reorganized as smaller,
modular organizations, which were designed to be more flexible and agile than
traditional divisions. These modular organizations, initially called "units of
action" (UAs), later were named brigade combat teams (BCTs). Units operating
with wheeled vehicles were called Interim Brigade Combat Teams (IBCTs), and
later Stryker Brigade Combat teams (SBCTs). A typical maneuver battalion in a
brigade combat team combines infantry and heavy armor troops (tanks) with a
collocated forward support company (FSC), which provides immediate support to
the maneuver battalion. Brigade-level support troops come and go intermittently,
but collocated FSCs constantly remain with the ground combat maneuver
battalions.





n71.  Direct Ground Combat Definition and Assignment Rule, supra note 45.





n72.  See supra note notes 40-41 and accompanying text.





n73.  Sandra Jontz, Marine Raid Breaks Gender Barrier, Stars & Stripes (Mideast
ed.), May 4, 2005, available at
http://stripes.com/article.asp?section=104&article=28044& archive=true. This
article shows female Marines handing out stuffed animals to children and
conducting female civilian searches, among other things.





n74.  See William Gregor, Not Equipped for Rigors of War, Kansas City Star, July
16, 2005, at B7. Dr. Gregor, a retired Army Lieutenant Colonel and military
training expert who testified before the Presidential Commission on September
12, 1992, wrote:



   The public may not understand the debate over the assignment of women to
direct combat roles. After all, Army women have been killed and wounded in the
fight in Iraq. However, being subject to hostile fire is not the same as being
assigned a direct combat role. The commuters on London's Tube were subject to
hostile fire and so are children on the streets of Baghdad ... . The 1982 Women
in the Army Policy Review observed that only eight percent of women were capable
of performing jobs in the heavy work category and proposed a test for recruits
to measure physical potential to be used in assigning occupational specialties.
Because the test would have limited career field choices, feminists strongly
objected, and it was dropped.

 Id. See also Mitchell, supra note 15, at 104-22; infra note 77 and accompanying
text.





n75.  See Elizabeth Weise, Soldiers in Iraq Carry Extra Load: Back Pain, USA
Today, Nov. 21, 2005, at 6D (reporting on a study that found "more than half of
U.S. soldiers who have been medically evacuated from Iraq and treated at two of
the military's large pain treatment centers suffer not from battle wounds but
from bad backs"). "Inherent in being a soldier is carrying large weights.
Historically, the ideal "carry weight' is a third of your body weight," said Lt.
Col. (Dr.) Frank Christopher, chief of deployment health at Fort Bragg, North
Carolina. Id. However, many troops in the field carry much more than that - up
to 180 pounds, in some cases. See also Matthew Cox & Rick Maze, Troops Get Extra
Armor, Army Times, Jan. 23, 2006, at 14 (reporting that side plates in the new
"Interceptor" body armor system have nearly doubled the weight of protective
vests from sixteen to thirty-one pounds since March 2003). Both Army and Marine
officials have warned members of Congress that "Every pound of protective gear
hinders combat troops' ability to hop over walls, search house after house and -
when necessary - dive for cover." Id.

   As new technologies emerge, the weight burden is likely to increase. See
Matthew Cox, Fielding the Future NOW, From GPS to Helmet-Mounted Displays, Land
Warrior Brings Cyberspace to Soldiers, Army Times, Sept. 11, 2006, at 14
(showing photos of soldiers in full "Land Warrior" battle gear undergoing
testing at Fort Lewis, Wash.). It is likely that soldiers will someday carry:
(1) a helmet-mounted computer display; (2) an audio headset with microphone; (3)
a soldier-control unit for the Global Positioning System (GPS); (4) a
multi-function laser equipped with an infrared illuminator and pointer; (5) a
large rechargeable battery (to supply ten hours of power); (6) a navigation
module with a GPS map to track the wearer's position and positions of fellow
soldiers; (7) a voice/data radio system for communications from platoon level up
to unit headquarters; and (8) a micro-computer processor to manage information
flow. Id. All of this equipment is estimated to weigh seventeen pounds and will
replace items currently in use, which weigh about eight pounds. Id. In addition
to these burdens, soldiers must also carry weapons, ammunition, food, and water.
Indeed, the only item that has gotten lighter in modern military history is
freeze-dried coffee.





n76.  Id.; Gregor, supra note 74 ("Any male who meets Army entrance standards
has the physical stature necessary to achieve the physical requirements for
direct combat roles ... . The general population of women is not so physically
equipped."). Dr. William Gregor, a retired Army Colonel and military training
expert who testified before the Presidential Commission on September 12, 1992,
presented data showing a wide gap in physical capabilities in Army ROTC cadets.
See Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-41 (Finding 1.39).
Similar findings by Dr. Gregor, presented to the Congressional Commission on
Military Training and Gender-Related Issues, see infra note 290, on Dec. 2,
1998, are available at http://www.cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/ gibtapdx.pdf (last
visited Apr. 21, 2007), at Appendix C. The Presidential Commission found that,
"in general, women are shorter, weigh less and have less muscle mass and have a
greater relative fat content than men... . Female dynamic upper torso muscular
strength is approximately fifty-sixty percent that of males ... [and] female
aerobic capacity [important for endurance] is approximately seventy to
seventy-five percent that of males." See Presidential Commission Report, supra
note 5, at C-70 (Findings 2.1.1, 2.1.2, 2.1.3) (alteration added).





n77.  George Neumayr, Your Mother's Army, Am. Spectator, May 2005, at 27. A
Marine writing to Neumayr described an incident that occurred during his
training of a gender-integrated Marine Reserve unit:



   During one training cycle ... some of the women participated in an urban
warfare course. One of them promptly broke her leg doing a spider drop out a
window. Her smaller frame could not take the shock of landing after dropping
approximately 6 feet while weighed down with all the equipment a Marine is
expected to wear in battle.

 Id.





n78.  Correspondence between a known but confidential source at Fort Stewart,
Ga., and the author (on file with author).





n79.  Chain of Command Chart, 4th Battalion, 64th Armored Regiment (Apr. 15,
2004) (on file with author).





n80.  Telephone conversation between a female judge advocate general (JAG) and
the author in Spring 2004. See also National Defense Authorization Act for FY
2002, Pub. L. No. 107-107, § 591, 115 Stat. 1012, 1125 (2001) (amending the FY
1994 off-code provision that was ultimately codified at 10 U.S.C. § 652 (West
Supp. 2007)).





n81.  An Army brigade is composed of approximately 3600 (infantry) to 3900
(heavy armor) soldiers, and battalions include 700 to 800 soldiers. Each Army
unit has a table of organization and equipment (TOE) or modified table of
organization and equipment (MTOE), which lists every billet and piece of
equipment that is assigned to that unit. The MTOE computer chart for personnel
includes a column for gender codes, as designated by the Army's "direct combat
probability code" (DCPC) system. Units coded "P-1" are open to males only. Units
coded "P-2" are open to both genders. In the 3rd ID, soldiers were ordered to
remove combat-collocated FSC soldiers from the MTOEs of the combined
infantry/armor maneuver battalions. Instead, these personnel were included on
the MTOE lists of legally gender-mixed brigade-level support units. This was
done even though FSC soldiers, some of them female, were physically "attached"
to all-male maneuver battalions. An Army briefing titled "Combat Exclusion Quick
Look Options," dated May 10, 2004, admitted that this administrative strategy
could be seen as "subterfuge" to circumvent current policy and law. See Dep't of
the Army, Combat Exclusion Quick Look Options 14 (May 10, 2004) [hereinafter
Combat Exclusion Quick Look Options], available at
http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/ce-qlo%20051004.pdf.





n82.  E-mail correspondence from sources at Ft. Stewart, Ga., to author
(beginning in Mar. 2004) (on file with the author); telephone conversations and
meetings Army and DoD officials at the Pentagon and the author (Spring, Summer
2004); copies of modified table of organization and equipment (MTOE) lists
obtained from a confidential source (on file with author). Throughout 2004, Army
officials denied there were any female soldiers in the ground combat-collocated
FSCs. However, in an interview with a Boston Globe reporter in January 2005, an
Army spokesman finally admitted that "scores" of female soldiers were being
assigned to FSCs at Fort Stewart, Ga. See Bryan Bender, U.S. Women Get Closer to
Combat, Boston Globe, Jan. 26, 2005, at A1.





n83.  Combat Exclusion Quick Look Options, supra note 81, at 3-15.





n84.  Id. at 3, 13-15. This was a questionable attempt to justify or excuse the
Secretary of the Army acting on his own, in circumvention of DoD regulations, to
place female soldiers in ground combat-collocated support units. The "additional
restrictions" in the Army's 1992 rules were minor. See infra note 85. But even
if variations in the language of 1992 Army rules had been substantive, the 1994
Aspin regulations superseded them.





n85.  Army Policy for the Assignment of Female Soldiers, AR 600-13 (effective
April 27, 1992) [hereinafter Army Policy for the Assignment of Female Soldiers],
available at http://www.armyg1. army.mil/eo/documents/ar600 13.pdf. In its 1992
rules, the Army defined Direct Ground Combat as:



   Engaging an enemy with individual or crew served weapons while being exposed
to direct enemy fire, a high probability of direct physical contact with the
enemy's personnel, and a substantial risk of capture. Direct combat takes place
while closing with the enemy by fire, maneuver, and shock effect in order to
destroy or capture the enemy, or while repelling the enemy's assault by fire,
close combat, or counterattack.

 Id.





n86.  Direct Ground Combat Definition and Assignment Rule, supra note 45.





n87.  Application of Direct Ground Combat Definition and Rule, supra note 49.





n88.  Army Policy for the Assignment of Female Soldiers, supra note 85.





n89.  Direct Ground Combat Definition and Assignment Rule, supra note 45.





n90.  Combat Exclusion Quick Look Options, supra note 83, at 14 (emphases and
alteration added).





n91.  Id. at 11.





n92.  See infra notes 102-103 and accompanying text.





n93.  Id. at 5.





n94.  U.S. Census Bureau, Population Division, Annual Estimates of the
Population by Selected Age Groups and Sex for the United States: April 1, 2000
to July 1, 2005, at T.2, available at
http://www.census.gov/popest/national/asrh/NC-EST2005/NC-EST2005-02.xls.





n95.  The effect of pressures to maintain gender quotas is illustrated in charts
published by the Chicago Tribune on March 20, 2005, which cite the DoD as the
source. The graph accompanied an article by Kirsten Scharnberg. See Kirsten
Scharnberg, Stresses of Battle Hit Female GIs Hard, Chi. Trib., Mar. 20, 2005,
at C1. A copy of the graph is available at http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/
actdtymilperwom032005a.pdf.

   Despite personnel drawdowns in the aftermath of the Persian Gulf War, the
percentage of female active duty personnel has stayed at approximately fifteen
percent, with seven to ten percent of the troops deployed to the Middle East
being women. All Things Considered: Wounded in War: The Women Serving in Iraq
(NPR radio broadcast Mar. 19, 2005) (transcript available at http://www.npr.org/
templates/story/story.php?storyId=4534450); Lizette Alvarez, Jane, We Hardly
Knew Ye Died, N.Y. Times, Sept. 24, 2006, § 4, at 1; Women in Military Service
for America Memorial Foundation, Inc., www.womensmemorial.org (last visited Apr.
9, 2007).





n96.  Rick Maze, More Young Men Say They Are Likely to Join the Military, Air
Force Times, Mar. 25, 2002, at 24. The DoD "Youth Attitude Tracking
Survey"(YATS) of 10,000 young people found that the percentage of young men who
said they were inclined to join the military jumped sharply after September 11,
2001, to the highest level in a decade, but the propensity to serve among women
declined. Id.





n97.  Confidential conversations and e-mails between author and known male and
female soldiers in the 3rd ID at Ft. Stewart, Ga. (2004-2006), the 101st
Airborne at Ft. Campbell, Ky. (December 2004-April 2005), the 4th ID at Fort
Hood, Tex. (2004-2007), the 89th Truck Co., Ft. Eustis, Va. (2004-2005), a
multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS) unit formerly based in Germany
(2004-2005), and Reconnaissance, Surveillance, Target Acquisition (RSTA)
Squadrons at Ft. Riley, Kan., and Ft. Benning, Ga. (2005-2006) (on file with
author).





n98.  See id. Spc. Stephanie Filus, a mechanic in the 101st Airborne at Fort
Campbell, Kentucky, learned in November 2004 that she was going to be assigned
to an FSC and deployed to Iraq in 2005. Spc. Filus was assured by local
commanders that nothing significant would change, but she understood and
resisted the risks of collocation with a direct ground combat maneuver
battalion. That assignment was very different from the non-combat position that
Spc. Filus had been promised by her recruiter. Spc. Filus' request for discharge
was denied, and she was sent to Fort Polk, Louisiana, for training, which she
completed successfully. After her second request for discharge was denied, Spc.
Filus attempted suicide with pills in the presence of her commanding officer,
and was consequently hospitalized. Shortly thereafter, in May 2005, Filus
received an honorable discharge.





n99.  See id. According to confidential e-mail correspondence between the author
and known officers currently serving in Germany and Iraq (starting in Dec. 2006,
on file with author), evacuations due to pregnancy have already occurred in a
formerly all-male FSC, where one combat-experienced armor officer used to be
assigned. A second known source, a combat-experienced infantry officer, reported
that a civil affairs unit had to be completely replaced because a female captain
became intimately involved with male Iraqi community leaders, creating a
security risk. This officer also noted that reporters and officials never ask
about such incidents, and that male officers would not risk comment even if they
did.





n100.  Memorandum from the Army Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff (G-1) to
Commander, U.S. Army Training & Doctrine Command, Direct Ground Combat Position
Coding (DGCP) of the Reconnaissance, Surveillance, and Target Acquisition (RSTA)
Squadron of the Interim (now Stryker) Brigade Combat Team (Apr. 26, 2002),
available at http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/lemoyne%20memo %20042602.pdf. This
memorandum, signed by Lt. Gen. John M. LeMoyne, confirmed that RSTA squadrons,
which came into existence several years after the 1994 Aspin regulations were
set forth, were to be coded "P-1" or "male-only" in compliance with the Aspin
regulations. However, the Women in the Army Point Paper prepared for the
Secretary of the Army on January 24, 2005, did not mention RSTA squadrons as
units required to be all male. The paper omitted MLRS and also changed the
wording of the DoD collocation rule, without authorization by the Secretary of
Defense. See infra note 106.





n101.  Under the Army's Direct Combat Probability Code (DCPC) system, also known
as the Direct Ground Combat Position (DGCP) system, units required to be all
male are designated "P-1" on Tables of Organization & Equipment. Positions that
are open to either men or women are coded "P-2."





n102.  Headquarters, Department of the Army, "Army Brigade Combat Team Unit of
Action and Gender Coding," presented to senior House Armed Services Committee
staff members on November 3, 2004. This presentation was obtained by the author
by e-mail from a member of the HASC staff on November 17, 2004.





n103.  Col. (P) Robert H. Woods, Jr., Director, HRPD, "Patriotic Women of
Excellence Contributing to Our Force," Nov. 29, 2004. According to a Pentagon
source, this eleven-page (unnumbered) slide briefing was presented to Lt. Gen.
James Campbell, Director of the Army Staff (DAS), at the Pentagon.





n104.  Rowan Scarborough, Report Leans Toward Women in Combat, Wash. Times
Dec.13, 2004, at A1. An unclassified e-mail memorandum was sent from Lt. Gen.
James Campbell, DAS, to more than forty Army Pentagon officials, on the same
day, December 13, 2004, at 10:21 a.m. EST. The message asked for help in dealing
with the problem of "Information Security" on pre-decisional internal materials.
That is a legitimate concern under normal circumstances, but the intent of this
memo was suspicious. Lt. Gen. Campbell's memo appeared to be generated in
response to the Washington Times report that Army officials had said one thing
about the collocation rule to congressional staff members, but something
different in a closed-door meeting at the Pentagon. A few days later, the Army
"gag order" became a news story in itself. See infra note 105.





n105.  Rowan Scarborough, Policy Leak Brings Army Order on Keeping Mum, Wash.
Times, Dec. 21, 2004, at A3.





n106.  The four-page "Women in the Army Point Paper," which was described as a
"draft" but was being implemented anyway, was obtained by the author from the
Office of the Secretary of the Army a few days after a meeting with Army
Secretary Francis Harvey on February 16, 2005 (emphasis added) [hereinafter
Women in the Army Point Paper], available at http://www.cmr
link.org/cmrnotes/women%20in%20the%20army%20point%20paper%20021 805.pdf.





n107.  For purposes of comparison, see Direct Ground Combat Definition and
Assignment Rule supra note 45.





n108.  Personal meeting notes (on file with author); see Women in the Army Point
Paper, supra note 106, at 1.





n109.  Gen. Peter Schoomaker, The Future of the U.S. Army, Address at the
American Enterprise Institute (Apr. 11, 2005) (transcript available at
http://www.aei.org/events/filter.all,eventID.1011/ transcript.asp). See also
Army Secretary Francis Harvey, A Message from Army Leadership, Soldiers Mag.
(U.S. Army), Mar. 2005, at 3. See also Testimony on the Defense Authorization
Request for Fiscal Year 2007 and the Future Years Defense Program: Hearing
Before the S. Comm. on the Armed Services, 109th Cong. (2006) (statements of
Sec'y Harvey & Gen. Schoomaker). At that hearing, in answer to a question from
SASC Chairman Sen. John Warner (R-Va.), Secretary Harvey mentioned the
collocation rule, and said that "we code positions in forward support companies
and other companies so that no women will co-locate with a unit performing
direct ground combat." The wiggle word is "performing," implying that female
soldiers may be assigned as long as the unit is not "performing'" direct ground
combat. Contrary to his insistence that this policy is "totally consistent and
compliant with DoD policy," the DoD collocation rule does not include "ing"
words such as "conducting" or "undertaking," which could be cited to authorize
"employment" of women in land combat-collocated support units, provided that
they are evacuated prior to actual direct ground combat. Chairman Warner
apparently missed this point, asking only about women's career "opportunities."





n110.  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006, H.R. 1815, 109th
Cong. (2005).





n111.  The first Hunter/McHugh amendment, approved by the Personnel Subcommittee
on May 11, 2005, provided in pertinent part:



   (a) PROHIBITION - Female members of the Army may not be assigned to duty in
positions in forward support companies.

 See Dana Wilkie & Otto Kreisher, Hunter Plan Bars Women from Army "Forward
Support," Copley News Serv., May 18, 2005; Andy Pasztor, House Panel Bars Women
from Direct Ground Combat, Wall Street J. (online ed.), May 19, 2005; Stephen
Dinan, Panel Acts on Women in Combat, Wash. Times, May 19, 2005, at A1.





n112.  Army acronyms have changed several times during "transformation" of
forces to modular brigade combat teams, but the missions of reorganized direct
ground combat (DGC) troops, such as the infantry, armor, and Special Operations
Forces, remain substantially the same. The brigade-level units that are open to
women under the current regulations are sometimes referred to as brigade support
battalions (BSBs), forward support battalions (FSBs), main support battalions
(MSBs), or Sustain Brigade Units of Action, equivalent to Division Support
Commands stationed on forward operating bases (FOBs). Female soldiers currently
are authorized to serve above the brigade level, including the headquarters of
direct ground combat units such as the infantry, but not in or collocated with
smaller battalions that engage the enemy with deliberate offensive action under
fire.





n113.  See, e.g., Ann Scott Tyson, More Objections to Women-in-Combat Ban, Wash.
Post, May 18, 2005, at A5; Editorial, Chauvinism at the Battlefront, N.Y. Times,
May 20, 2005, at A24.





n114.  The second Hunter/McHugh amendment, approved by the full House Armed
Services Committee on May 18, 2005, simply would have codified the language of
DoD regulations regarding women, including the collocation rule, as established
on January 13, 1994, by Secretary of Defense Les Aspin. See "Women in Combat"
Provision, Mark-Up of H.R. 1815, National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal
Year 2006 (May 18, 2005) (provided by HASC; on file with author); supra note 45.





n115.  Personal notes taken during HASC mark-up session, May 18, 2005 (on file
with author).





n116.  See Roll Call of House Armed Services Committee vote on Amendments 91, 92
(May 18, 2005) (provided by HASC; on file with author).





n117.  See Rowan Scarborough, GOP Retreats on Women-in-Combat Bill, Wash. Times,
May 26, 2005, at A1.





n118.  H. amend. 210 to H.R. 1815, 109th Cong. (2006) available at
http://www.rules.house.gov/ 109/specialrules/hr1815/109hr1815 hunter.pdf.





n119.  Several news articles inaccurately reported that the second version of
the Hunter/McHugh amendment would have allowed female soldiers to serve in FSCs.
See, e.g., Thom Shanker, House Bill Would Preserve, and Limit, the Role of Women
in Combat Zones, N.Y. Times, May 20, 2005, at A20. A codified collocation rule,
however, would have had the same effect as current DoD regulations. See also
HASC Mark-up of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006, H.R.
1815, May 18, 2005 (provided by Chairman Hunter; on file with author).





n120.  See supra note 45. A disingenuous Army Public Affairs news release issued
on May 19, 2005, titled "Army Statement on Proposed Legislation," ironically,
concurred with this view. See Dep't of the Army, Public Affairs News Release,
Army Statement on Proposed Legislation (May 19, 2005), available at
http://www4.army.mil/ocpa/read.php?story id key=7353. Stating that the Army had
reviewed existing law and DoD policies and found itself in compliance, the news
release added:



   Furthermore, existing DoD and Army policies are in compliance with the
legislation being proposed under House Resolution 1815 [the Hunter/McHugh
amendment]. Thus, the proposed legislation contained in HR 1815 is unnecessary,
does not provide further clarification, and may in fact lead to confusion on the
part of commanders and Soldiers.

 Id. (alteration added). This admission was inconsistent with a two-sentence
letter sent to Chairman Hunter by Lt. Gen. James L. Campbell, DAS, which made
the unsupported claim that 21,950 positions would be closed to women if the
legislation passed. See infra note 133.





n121.  On May 11, 2005, separate but identical letters were sent to Chairman
Hunter by Army Secretary Harvey and Army Vice Chief of Staff, Gen. Richard A.
Cody. See Leo Shane, III, Army Opposes House Panel's Bid to Bar Women from
Combat Support Units, Stars & Stripes (European ed.), May 12, 2005, available at
http://stripes.com/article.asp?section=104&article=282 44&archive=true. A news
release titled "Women Removed From Combat Support Roles" was issued by
Democratic members of the HASC on May 11, 2005. Chairman Hunter also issued a
statement on May 11, and on May 24, 2005, Hunter and committee member Rep.
Thelma Drake (R-Va.) called a news conference to clarify that the legislation
would not affect any female soldiers serving in positions authorized under
current DoD regulations. See Rep. Thelma Drake, Let Lawmakers Decide, USA Today,
May 25, 2005, at 13A.





n122.  See, e.g., Lisa Burgess, Army Is Considering Adding Women to Its New
"Units of Action" Structure, Stars & Stripes (European ed.), Oct. 23, 2004,
available at http://stripes.com/article.asp?
section=104&article=24225&archive=true; Lisa Burgess, Army Secretary Harvey: No
Combat for Female GIs in "Transformed" Army, Stars & Stripes (European ed.),
Jan. 15, 2005, available at
http://stripes.com/article.asp?section=104&article=25642& archive=true; Rowan
Scarborough, Female Soldiers Eyed for Combat, Wash. Times, Oct. 22, 2004, at A1;
Rowan Scarborough, Army Charged With Ban Violation, Wash. Times, Dec. 9, 2004,
at A6; Rowan Scarborough, Combat Role for Women Confused, Wash. Times (online
ed.), April 18, 2005, http://www.washingtontimes.com/national/
20050418-125223-4270r.htm; Rowan Scarborough, Report Leans Toward Women in
Combat, Wash. Times, Dec. 13, 2004, at A1; Rowan Scarborough, Policy Leak Brings
Army Order on Keeping Mum, Wash. Times, Dec. 21, 2004, at A3; Rowan Scarborough,
Women in Combat Ban Again at Issue, Wash. Times, Feb. 4, 2005, at A1; Vince
Crawley, Army Plans to Officially Put Women on Front Lines, Army Times, Nov. 1,
2004; Bryan Bender, U.S. Women Get Closer to Combat: Some Say Move Imperils
Units, Violates Law, Boston Globe, Jan. 26, 2005, at A1 [hereinafter Bender,
U.S. Women Get Closer to Combat]; Bryan Bender, Army Secretary Rejects Change in
Policy on Women in Combat, Boston Globe, Jan. 29, 2005, at A11; Robert Burns, In
Unconventional War, Army's Gender Rules Don't Keep Women Out of Combat,
Associated Press, Feb. 26, 2005; Ann Scott Tyson, For Female GIs, Combat Is a
Fact, Wash. Post, May 13, 2005, at A1; Ann Scott Tyson, More Objections to
Women-in-Combat Ban, Wash. Post, May 18, 2005, at A5; Ann Scott Tyson, Amendment
Targets Role of Female Troops, Wash. Post, May 19, 2005, at A4.





n123.  See Bender, U.S. Women Get Closer to Combat, supra note 122 (reporting
that officials of the Third Infantry Division publicly acknowledged they had
"added scores of female soldiers to newly created "forward support companies'...
.").





n124.  See supra notes 81, 102, 103.





n125.  See supra note 85.





n126.  See supra notes 45, 50.





n127.  See supra note 85.





n128.  See supra notes 81, 82. The Army Public Affairs News Release stated that
"first, the Forward Support Companies are not part of, nor do they work for,
units below the brigade level whose primary mission is direct ground combat,
such as infantry and armor battalions." Army Statement on Proposed Legislation,
supra note 120 (alteration added). This disingenuous statement reflects the
fiction that forward support company personnel would not be physically
collocated with infantry/armor ground combat battalions, due to administrative
assignment to a legally gender integrated brigade level unit.





n129.  Women in the Army Point Paper, supra note 106, at 2-4. This document,
obtained from the Office of the Secretary of the Army, provided a specific
gender code change list of twenty-four of 225 positions in a typical 3rd ID
Heavy Unit of Action Forward Support Company (FSC). The number was small but the
breach of regulations was significant. Either the Army is in compliance with DoD
policy or it is not. "Employing" female soldiers in a support unit embedded with
direct ground combat troops effectively repealed the collocation rule without
authorization and without the legally required notice to Congress. Having broken
that regulatory barrier, Army officials seem unwilling to enforce any
regulations regarding women in or near direct ground combat. See discussion
infra Parts II.B.1.c.-d.





n130.  See Women in the Army Point Paper, supra note 106, at 2-4; discussion
infra Parts II.B.1.c.-d.





n131.  See supra notes 106-109.





n132.  Statements by Chairman Duncan Hunter and Subcommittee Chairman John
McHugh during House Armed Services Committee debate, May 18, 2005 (personal
notes on file with author).





n133.  Letter from Lt. Gen. James L. Campbell, Director of the Army Staff, to
Chairman Duncan Hunter (May 17, 2005) (on file with author). This letter, which
was inconsistent with the "Army Statement on Proposed Legislation" issued by
Army Public Affairs on May 19, claimed that "a total of 21,925 spaces currently
open for assignment to female Soldiers would be closed." The Army has yet to
provide figures to justify this figure, which was widely reported in The
Washington Post and other media just before the House Committee's May 18, 2005,
vote. In the following week, Army officials continued to complain about
"confusion" - confusion that they themselves had created.





n134.  Id.





n135.  Id.; Ann Scott Tyson, Amendment Targets Role of Female Troops, Wash.
Post, May 19, 2005, at A4. The Campbell letter from Lt. Gen. Campbell was either
a complete fabrication or an admission that the Army had been violating current
regulations to a greater extent than was previously known.





n136.  See Army Statement on Proposed Legislation, supra note 120.





n137.  The result of this pressure was the third version of the Hunter/McHugh
amendment, as enacted in the NDAA for FY 2006. See National Defense
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006, Pub. L. No. 109-163, § 541(a)(1), 119
Stat. 3136, 3251 (2006) (codifying the Hunter/McHugh amendment at 10 U.S.C. §
652 (West Supp. 2007)).





n138.  Pub. L. No. 109-163, § 218(c)(3), 119 Stat. at 3172.





n139.  Letter from Dr. David Chu to Sen. Carl Levin (Apr. 27, 2006) (on file
with author).





n140.  Meeting of an official in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense
for Personnel & Readiness and the author (Mar. 2, 2007).





n141.  See Drake, supra note 121.



   I unequivocally support the women in our military and their desires to serve
our nation honorably in the armed forces alongside our men. Military policy has
been to keep women off the front lines, and it is a policy that the Defense
Department should not unilaterally change. I believe any change in this policy
must be the responsibility of Congress, so that America's elected officials can
be held accountable.

 Id.





n142.  Rowan Scarborough & Joseph Curl, Despite Pressure, Bush Vows "No Women in
Combat," Wash. Times, Jan. 12, 2005, at A1 (alteration added).





n143.  Sandra Jontz & Kevin Dougherty, Trust Us to Decide Our Role in the Army,
Female Servicemembers in Iraq Say, Stars & Stripes (Mideast ed.), May 25, 2005,
available at http://www.stripesonline.com/article.asp?section=104&articl
e=28530&archive=true.





n144.  Tyson, For Female GIs, Combat Is a Fact, supra note 122.





n145.  See supra note 99.





n146.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-127-C-128 (Findings
4.3-4.12). The 1981 Rostker v. Goldberg decision regarding Selective Service was
reaffirmed by the federal courts most recently in 2003. See Schwartz v. Brodsky,
265 F. Supp. 2d 130 (D. Mass. 2003).



   If a deeply-rooted military tradition of male-only draft registration is to
be ended, it should be accomplished by that branch of government which has the
constitutional power to do so and which best represents the "consent of the
governed" - the Congress of the United States, the elected representatives of
the people.

 Id. at 135.





n147.  See Mitchell, supra note 15, at 99-122 (discussing Gen. Myer's attempt to
implement identical standards for men and women, which was derailed by both
DACOWITS and feminist critics).





n148.  The issue of women in combat is frequently discussed in permissive terms
- i.e., should women be "allowed" to serve in combat? In reality, everyone in
the military must follow orders and go where they are ordered to go. The
Presidential Commission determined that, with the exception of special
operations forces and specialized units, "voluntary" combat for women only would
not be a workable option, due to the demoralizing effect of such a policy on
unit cohesion. See Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-127
(Finding 4.13).





n149.  In March 2007, NASA experienced turbulence such as this in an apparent
love triangle. Navy Capt. Lisa Marie Nowak, an astronaut, drove cross-country to
confront Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman, a rival for the affections of Navy
Cmdr. William Oefelein, a space shuttle pilot. See NASA Fires Astronaut Nowak,
CNN.com, Mar. 7, 2007, http://www.cnn.com/2007/TECH/space/
03/07/nasa.nowak/index.html.





n150.  In February 2005, the Pentagon reported that between 1994 and 2003, a
total of 26,446 women were discharged from the services due to pregnancy. It is
not clear whether these "unplanned loss" figures include military women who did
not deploy or were evacuated from the war zone due to pregnancy. See Memorandum
from Dr. David Chu, Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel & Readiness, to
Derek Stewart, Director of Defense Capabilities and Management at the GAO (Feb.
7, 2005), reprinted in Gov't Accountability Office, Military Personnel:
Financial Costs and Loss of Critical Skills Due to DOD's Homosexual Conduct
Policy Cannot Be Completely Estimated 42 (Feb. 2005) [hereinafter GAO Financial
Costs Cannot Be Estimated], available at
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d05299.pdf. According to a confidential message
from a soldier serving Iraq in 2006, one of the 3rd ID's collocated FSCs - which
used to be all male under DoD regulations - already has experienced personnel
losses and disruptions due to pregnancies in the ranks.





n151.  Gina Cavallaro, Small Teams, Big Job, Army Times, Feb. 6, 2006, at 8.
There are several different types of MTTs, including Special Police Transition
Teams, Border Transition Teams, and, in Afghanistan, Embedded Training Teams.
Some female soldiers have been involved in such training, located at the Forward
Operating Base (FOB) level, but in support roles only. It would make sense for
American women to train Iraqi women to perform security searches of female
civilians, but it is difficult to determine if this is being done.





n152.  According to the Army Times, "Cultural sensitivities and the same gender
rules that apply to the ban on women in direct combat in the U.S. military mean
female soldiers can't join a MITT. But women are involved in similar small-team
training activities above the brigade level." Gina Cavallaro, MITT Duty a
Career-Booster for Soldiers Who Make Team, Army Times, Feb. 6, 2006, at 10.





n153.  Gina Cavallaro, Additional Soldiers to Join Training Teams, Army Times,
Dec. 11, 2006, at 10.





n154.  Gina Cavallaro, "We Could Be Better": CO Wants Trainers to be Better
Caliber, Get Higher Priority, Army Times, Dec. 4, 2006, at 30.





n155.  Confidential correspondence between a family member/soldier and author
(Oct. 2006) (on file with author). This reference is to soldiers reassigned from
already-deployed units in Iraq, not those receiving specialized training at Fort
Riley, Kansas.





n156.  The size of this cultural divide is no more visible than in ceremonies to
hand over security responsibilities to Iraqi police and soldiers in Najaf
province. An event in December 2006 included warriors on horseback, martial arts
demonstrations, and, at one point, the tearing apart and eating of a live rabbit
by Iraqi soldiers. "The leader bit out the heart with a yell, and passed the
blood-soaked remains to comrades, each of whom took a bite." Fast Track, Air
Force Times, Jan. 1, 2007, at 6 (illustrated with AP photo taken by Alaa
Al-Marjani on Dec. 20, 2006).





n157.  According to a known and reliable male source in Iraq, a female
civil-affairs soldier became romantically involved with male Iraqi community
leaders, which required that the entire unit be replaced. This demoralizing
incident raised security concerns, since the sharing of operational plans with
an Iraqi of questionable loyalty could increase security problems and overall
risks. Two female soldiers who have served under fire in Iraq, one opposed to
women in direct ground combat units and one in favor, wrote in e-mail
correspondence with this author that it would be a mistake to gender-integrate
the MTT Iraqi combat-training units. Confidential correspondence from sources in
Iraq to author (Oct.-Nov. 2006; Apr. 2007) (on file with author).





n158.  Army Research Institute (ARI), Army Personnel Survey Office, Direct
Combat Assignment Policy: Findings from the Fall 2001 Sample Survey of Military
Personnel, at 1-2 (Fall 2001) [hereinafter ARI, Sample Survey], available at
http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/ arissmp3q01.pdf. See also Center for Military
Readiness, Enlisted Women Opposed to Military Assignments, CMR Notes, July 2003,
at 1, available at http://www.cmrlink.org/viewarticle.asp?f= mcr677issue74.pdf.





n159.  See generally DACOWITS, Recommendations,
http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/table recommendation subpage.html (last visited May
7, 2007). At one time, DACOWITS served a useful purpose, making recommendations
on a variety of subjects to benefit women in the military. In the 1990s,
however, this tax-funded DoD advisory committee became a feminist lobby,
promoting women in combat and related causes that assigned priority to women's
career opportunities over the needs of the military. The mostly civilian and
female members of DACOWITS routinely disregarded the advice of male military
officers (but not female officers assigned as advisors to the committee) and
rarely reviewed the consequences of their previous recommendations. In 1998,
DACOWITS issued a report advocating gender-mixed Army basic training. Committee
members had visited several co-ed training bases, but not the Marines'
separate-gender training base at Parris Island, South Carolina. See Rowan
Scarborough, Panel of Women Hits Training Sexes Apart, Wash. Times, Jan. 20,
1998, at A1.

   In the spring of 1998, the committee also endorsed "career opportunities" for
women in multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS) and Special Operations Forces
helicopters like the ones shot down in the 1993 "Black Hawk Down" incident in
Mogadishu, Somalia. See DACOWITS, Spring Conference 1998, Recommendations,
http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/history of recommedations/hist-rec-spr-98.html
(summarizing recommendations). In the spring of 1999, DACOWITS demanded to know
why the Navy does not assign female sailors to submarines. Even though the
comprehensive Report of the Science Applications International Corporation had
been prepared for DACOWITS in 1995, see SAIC Report, infra note 178, and Navy
officials reviewed that information for the committee, DACOWITS recommended at
its Fall 1999 and Spring 2000 meetings that (1) future submarines be redesigned
to accommodate mixed-gender crews; and (2) that female officers be assigned to
larger Trident ballistic missile (SSBN) submarines. See DACOWITS, Fall
Conference 1999, http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/history of
recommedations/hist-rec-fall-99.html (summarizing recommendatations); Spring
Conference 2000, http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/history of
recommedations/hist-rec-spr-2000.html (same). See also Center for Military
Readiness, Issues: DACOWITS, http://www.cmrlink.org/dacowits.asp (last visited
May 7, 2007); Center for Military Readiness, End Preferential Treatment for
Pentagon Feminists, CMR Notes, Apr. 2001, at 1, available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/m7c81missue64a01.pdf.

   At its 50th Anniversary meeting in the spring of 2001, the committee received
statements it had requested from the services in the fall of 2000 regarding the
next item on their agenda: deploying women in direct ground combat units. That
meeting was the last to occur under the committee's original Charter; the Fall
2001 meeting did not take place due to the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon. A few
months after the Charter was allowed to expire in February 2002, Deputy
Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz announced a new Charter for a smaller
advisory committee of the same name, which was directed to study family
readiness and related issues. See DACOWITS Charter,
http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/ tablecharter subpage.html (last visited May 7,
2007).





n160.  Personal observation as a former member of the DACOWITS and participant
or observer of many committee meetings.





n161.  See ARI, Sample Survey, supra note 158.





n162.  Center for Military Readiness, Enlisted Women Opposed to Combat
Assignments, Sept. 3, 2003, http://www.cmrlink.org/WomenInCombat.asp?docID=204.





n163.  See Army Personnel Survey Office, U.S. Army Research Institute (ARI),
Slide Presentation: Sample Survey of Military Personnel, at 2, 6 (June 10, 2003)
("Policy Should Have Involuntary Assignment for Females Also: Officers," "Policy
Should Have Involuntary Assignment for Females Also: Enlisted Personnel") (on
file with author).





n164.  See id.





n165.  See id. (alteration added).





n166.  See id.





n167.  The Presidential Commission determined that there is no practical way
that women could be assigned to combat units only on a voluntary basis. See
Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-127 (Finding 4.13).





n168.  See supra note 163, at 3, 4, 7, 8 ("Policy Should Have Voluntary
Assignment for Females: Officers," "Policy Should Have Voluntary Assignment for
Both Males and Females: Officers," "Policy Should Have Voluntary Assignment for
Females: Enlisted Personnel," "Policy Should Have Voluntary Assignment for Both
Males and Females: Enlisted Personnel").





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Id.





n172.  ARI, Sample Survey Fall 2002, Survey Instrument (on file with author).
Unlike previous ARI Surveys of this kind (in the Fall of 1993, 1994, 1997, 1999,
and 2001), this survey did not ask any questions about women in combat.





n173.  Phillip Carter, War Dames, Wash. Monthly, Dec. 2002 ("The most important
reason [for the new role of women in the military] has been pressure from women
within the Army who need combat experience to advance their careers, nearly all
of them in the officer corps." (alteration added)), available at
http://www.washingtonmonthly.com/features/2001/0212.carter.html . In the summer
of 2004, several male flag officers told this author during meetings at the
Pentagon that they favored the lifting of all combat barriers, because that
would advance the careers of their own daughters. No data is available, but
there appear to be many daughters of high-level military officials who are
military service academy graduates and who seek to follow in their fathers'
footsteps to flag rank. Even if career opportunities and promotions were a
problem for female officers - but figures presented to DACOWITS since the 1980s
indicate that they are not - that would not be sufficient reason to impose
involuntary combat obligations on enlisted women, on the same basis as men. See
infra note 552.





n174.  ARI Sample Survey, supra note 158.





n175.  See 10 U.S.C. § 652 (West Supp. 2007).





n176.  See National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001, Pub. L. No.
106-398, § 573, 114 Stat. 1654, 1654A-136 (2000) (enacting 10 U.S.C. § 6035
(2000) (requiring the Secretary of Defense to give Congress a thirty-day notice
before either assigning women to serve aboard submarines or configuring
submarines to allow for women's service)).





n177.  John Howland, a Naval Academy alumnus and former submarine officer,
described the term "Silent Service" as follows:



   "Silent Service" was a term coined in the World War II era to describe the
submarine service and the men who manned the boats in the Pacific. Submarines
were the first arm of the military to take the attack to the Japanese following
Pearl Harbor. By their nature, they are stealthy weapons. The silence that they
do and must maintain when they are in enemy territory is of life or death
importance. Submariners are also generally silent about their missions and
accomplishments.

 E-mail from John Howland to author (Mar. 2007) (on file with author).





n178.  Report of the Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC),
Submarine Assignment Policy Assessment, at A-3 (Feb. 1, 1995) [hereinafter SAIC
Report], available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/viewarticle.asp?f=sapa%20020195.pdf.





n179.  See Navy Responses, Fall 1999 and Spring 2000, infra notes 183, 186. The
Center for Military Readiness obtained the SAIC Report from a knowledgeable
source sometime after Secretary of the Navy Richard Danzig delivered a
controversial speech advocating gender-mixed submarines in June of 1999. See
Robert A. Hamilton, 1995 Report Opposed Putting Women on Subs, Day (New London,
Conn.), Oct. 23, 1999, at A1; Rowan Scarborough, Mixed-Sex Sub Crews Panned by
Navy Study, Wash. Times, Oct. 28, 1999, at Al.





n180.  David Brown, Idea of Women on Subs Met with Varied Response, Navy Times,
June 21, 1999, at 12.





n181.  Editorial, No Place for Women, Indianapolis Star, Dec. 1, 1999, at 22.



   In a speech loaded with sociological gobbledygook, he [Danzig] warned the
"submarine community" last summer to accept women and more minorities or risk
being out of touch with society. "The most Narcissus-like thing about creating
something in your own image, about being in love with your own image, is the
continued and continuous existence of this segment of the Navy as a white male
preserve," he told the Naval Submarine League.

 Id. (alteration added).





n182.  Dale Eisman, Top Admiral Against Women on Subs, Virginian Pilot, Sept. 3,
1999, at A14; CNO Sinks Sub Changes ... For Now, Navy Times, Sept. 13, 1999, at
5.





n183.  Navy Response to DACOWITS, Fall 1999, San Diego, Cal., presented by Capt.
Bob Holland, U.S. Navy, Submarine Community Management, Nuclear Propulsion
Program Management: Submarine Personnel Assignment [hereinafter Navy Response,
Fall 1999] (consisting of twenty-nine unnumbered slides) (on file with author).
Among other things, Capt. Holland's briefing explained that alterations to
submarines to accommodate women would further reduce the already below-standard
habitability standards for all crew members, while leaving less space for
stowage of basic and special equipment required for mission accomplishment. See
Andrea Stone, Navy Resists Idea of Opening Submarines to Women, USA Today, Sept.
14, 1999, at 14A; Robert A. Hamilton, Committee Urges Female Crew for Subs, Day
(New London, Conn.), Oct. 29, 1999.





n184.  See supra note 159. For several decades after its founding in 1951, the
original committee's research and recommendations were helpful to military women
and consistent with sound priorities. But starting in the 1990s, the mostly
civilian women members undermined the committee's credibility by routinely
endorsing problematic feminist causes - particularly co-ed basic training, women
in combat, and gender integration on submarines. See supra note 159. These
recommendations were primarily aimed at advancing the careers of the female
officers who, as military representatives to the committee, helped to write them
during biannual DACOWITS meetings. Full committee meetings were elaborate
four-or five-day affairs, hosted by the various services in Washington, D.C.,
and at military bases around the country. Meetings involved extensive briefings,
field trips, and formal social events. Members making independent visits to
military installations were treated with the same protocol status as three-star
flag officers. (In the opinion of this author, who was appointed to the DACOWITS
in 1984, some committee members took this status much too seriously.) Issues
raised during base visit focus groups sometimes led to formal "Requests for
Information," which were answered at the next meeting with a written response or
a briefing from military service representatives. Following these responses,
DACOWITS would vote on formal recommendations, which usually included a
"Rationale" stressing career opportunities for women. Recommendations were
submitted directly to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Under Secretary
for Personnel & Readiness, and prominently reported in the media on a regular
basis. The circular process put pressure on representatives of the military
services to satisfy escalating expectations of the committee at each successive
meeting.





n185.  DACOWITS Recommendation No. 1 (Oct. 1, 1999) ("DACOWITS recommends that,
beginning now, plans for future submarine platforms (particularly the smaller
Virginia class subs), incorporate appropriate berthing and privacy arrangements
to accommodate mixed gender crews."). It also recommended that
gender-integration begin on larger Ohio-class submarines, armed with (Trident)
ballistic missiles (SSBNs), starting with female officers. See Recommendations,
available at http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits. See also Stone, supra note 183;
Hamilton, supra note 183. This recommendation alarmed and agitated the submarine
community, which demanded action from Congress. The debate tensified in October
1999, when the previously undisclosed SAIC Report came to light. See, e.g.,
Carlisle A.H. Trost, Not in Our Submarines, U.S. Naval Inst. Proc., Sept. 2000,
at 2.





n186.  Navy Response to DACOWITS, Spring 2000, Submarine Personnel Assignment:
Briefing Session, at 2 [hereinafter Navy Response, Spring 2000], available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/ cmrnotes/navy-dacowits 0295.pdf. In its response, the
Navy referenced the 1995 SAIC Report, which had been given to DACOWITS in June
1999.





n187.  See Andrea Stone, Too Cramped for Comfort?, Navy Times, June 5, 2000, at
24; Rowan Scarborough, Panel Asks Navy to Put Female Officers in Subs, Wash.
Times, May 4, 2000, at A1. This recommendation and a similar one approved at the
committee's Fall 1999 meeting, see supra note 185, seriously discredited
DACOWITS. In March 2001, controversy about co-ed submarines was one of several
issues raised when DACOWITS's charter was due to be renewed in 2001. Following
months of controversy, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel & Readiness,
Dr. David Chu, allowed DACOWITS's Charter to expire, but he later reconstituted
the group with fewer than ten members and a different agenda that focuses on
family concerns and related issues, but not women in combat.





n188.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 10-11. Characteristics of this community
are unique in the military:



   A U.S. submarine provides stealth, mobility, and firepower and the mere
suspicion of its presence dramatically changes the military equation for enemy
commanders. U.S. submarines are able to operate alone, unsupported, and
undetected - even in enemy waters - for months at a time, limited only by food
supplies and the endurance of the crew. There are no onboard maintenance
personnel; the operating crew must handle any emergency, including repairs to
the most sophisticated equipment. The submarine carries an array of precision
weapons that can strike targets ashore, on the surface, or other submarines. It
requires no escorts; no tankers; no air cover; no supply ships; and there are no
manufacturers' representatives on board. It is the platform of choice for many
Special Forces operations.

 Id.





n189.  Navy Response, Fall 1999, supra note 183, at slide titled "Submarine
Alterations - Projected Costs" (alteration added). See also Navy Response,
Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 5.





n190.  Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 5.



   A driving factor in the privacy and habitability concerns onboard all
submarines is the collocation of showers and toilet facilities, necessitated by
the limited available space ... . The common practice onboard some surface ships
of using a sign to indicate occupancy by a male/female crewmember would not work
satisfactorily for long periods onboard a submarine.

 Id.





n191.  Id. at 4; SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 11-12, Table 2-1.



   Submarine designers strive to minimize the size of the ship. This is
important to achieve maximum performance within a reasonable power plant design
and to avoid unnecessary construction costs. Submarine designers try to take
advantage of every cubic foot of space. Living spaces are integrated with
electrical and mechanical operating systems. The crew lives in and around the
submarine weapon systems.

 Id.





n192.  Rowan Scarborough, Panel Asks Navy to Put Female Officers in Subs;
Military Memo Says the Move "Very Costly," Wash. Times, May 4, 2000, at A1
(quoting Navy Response Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 4).





n193.  Navy Response, Fall 1999, supra note 183, at slides titled "Surface Ship
Alteration Costs," "Submarine Alterations - Projected Costs." It would cost $ 5
million, or $ 313,000 per person, to reconfigure a Los Angeles-class submarine
for gender-mixed crews, compared to $ 2 million, or $ 4000 per person, to make
similar alterations to an aircraft carrier (CVN 68). "These estimates do not
include one time design costs of approximately $ 15 million per ship class. Nor
do the projections consider required system changes and associated costs.
Therefore, projected costs may be significantly higher." Id. See also Navy
Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 5 (mentioning the considerable
"opportunity costs" of taking submarines off line to support major shipboard
modifications to accommodate mixed gender crews). All of the Navy's estimated
costs, which have not been adjusted for inflation, would be considerably higher
today.





n194.  Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 7; SAIC Report, supra note
178, at 2-4.





n195.  See Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 7; SAIC Report, supra
note 178, at 2-4.





n196.  Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 8-9.





n197.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 15. The SAIC Report was not made public
until 1999, when a concerned source provided it to the Center for Military
Readiness. See http://www.cmrlink.org/ viewarticle.asp?f=sapa%20020195.pdf.





n198.  Id. at 16.





n199.  Id. at 16-17.





n200.  Id. at 2, 12.





n201.  Richard H. Gwinn & Don Tanquin, Submarine Base Viability Relies on
Interim Program, Nat'l Def., Nov. 1994, at 22, quoted in SAIC Report, supra note
178, at 10.





n202.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 16.





n203.  Id. at 25, 26, 27 (alteration added).





n204.  Id. at 26 (citing the Naval Sea Systems Command) (alterations added).





n205.  Id. at 32-36.





n206.  Id.; see also Letter from Rear Adm. Hugh Scott, MC, U.S. Navy (Ret.) to
House National Security Committee Chairman Rep. Floyd D. Spence, June 12, 2000
[hereinafter Rear Adm. Scott letter], available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/CMRNoteNotes/HPScott%20061200.pdf. Dr. Scott, a former
medical corpsman and an expert in the field of undersea medicine, provided more
detailed information on the high risk of birth defects for the children of
female sailors assigned to submarines, especially in the earliest weeks when
they may not be aware of their pregnancy.





n207.  See Rear Adm. Scott letter, supra note 206.





n208.  A. Brittain, M.R. Dean, H.J. Holden, D.C. Brown & G.H.G. McMillan, Mixed
Manning in Submarines: Foetal Health, Dec. 1997, in INM Report No. 97074 (1997)
(on file with author). This report was approved and released by G.H.G. McMillan,
Surgeon Commodore Royal Navy Medical Officer-in-Charge, The Institute for Naval
Medicine, Alverstoke, GOSPORT, Hampshire, PO12 2DL RESTRICTED, at 1. It was
obtained by the author from David Brown, Head of Submarine and Radiation
Medicine Division, Institute of Naval Medicine, on November 25, 1999.





n209.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 34-35.





n210.  Personal observation and trip report of the author during Presidential
Commission visit to the USS Polk and USS Scranton (Sept. 13, 1992).





n211.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 32-33 (quoting several expert sources in
the fields of Navy medicine, obstetrics, and gynocological surgery) (alterations
added).





n212.  See Rear Adm. Scott letter, supra note 206, at 3. See also SAIC Report,
supra note 178, at 34.





n213.  See Naval Inspector Gen., Report of Investigation on the Integration of
Women into Carrier Air Wing Eleven (Feb. 10, 1997) [hereinafter Air Wing Eleven
Report] (on file with author). During the first deployment of female pilots in
tactical aviation in 1994, some female officers protested the air wing
commander's (CAG's) order for mandatory pregnancy testing. When the CAG
rescinded the order, another storm of protest ensued, causing lingering
resentment among men and women alike. "No issue was as divisive of men and women
as the carrier commanding officer's order that air wing personnel undergo
[mandatory] pregnancy testing. The issue was routinely cited by women who were
critical of the [CAG's] ... lack of understanding of women's concerns." Id.
(alterations added). This incident was so contentious that orders for pregnancy
tests have become virtually anathema in the Navy, except under limited
circumstances.





n214.  Rowan Scarborough, Dropout Rate High for Women on Ships; Navy Finds
Readiness Woes, Wash. Times, Mar. 8, 1999, at A1 [hereinafter Scarborough,
Dropout Rate High].





n215.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 41-43. "The submarine's independent
operations, often in remote areas, means that access to replacement personnel or
assistance from others only occurs in extreme emergencies. If such outside
assistance is required, it can be obtained only at the expense of mission
readiness or mission performance ... ." Id. See also Rowan Scarborough, Navy
Finds Pregnancy Put at Risk by Sea Duty, Wash. Times, Apr. 6, 1998, at A1;
Scarborough, Dropout Rate High, supra note 214.





n216.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 41-42.



   Because of the highly technical nature of submarining, the range of skills
required to operate and maintain submarines, the small size of the crew and the
independent, extended nature of submarine operations, operational submarines are
manned at 100 percent of allowance as a matter of policy. Submarines depend upon
100 percent manning to provide the proper number of crew members of the right
skills to fight and maintain the ship, and to man all watch stations for
day-to-day operations with adequate watch rotation, usually three sections.

 Id.





n217.  Id. at 43.





n218.  Id. at 36 (quoting D.W. Robertson & T. Trent, Documentation of Muscularly
Demanding Jobs and Tasks and Validation of an Occupational Strength Test Battery
(STB), MDTLN Report No. 86-1 (1985)). The Robertson & Trent Study was also cited
with diagrams and findings in the Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5,
at C-8, C-9. A number of submarine wives, speaking with members of the
Presidential Commission by phone on October 8, 1992, said that they were most
concerned about physical disparities between male and female sailors, which
could undermine safety procedures in emergency situations. See Presidential
Commission Panel Three Supplementary Trip Report (Oct. 23, 1992) (on file with
author).





n219.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 48-49. This point has been demonstrated,
ironically, in the highly publicized case of former astronaut Lisa Marie Nowak.
See Nasa Fires Astronaut Nowak, supra note 149.





n220.  SAIC Report, supra note 178, at 18-20.





n221.  Elaine Donnelly, Trip Report to the Presidential Commission Regarding
Sept. 13, 1992, Visit to Atlantic Submarine Command at Norfolk, Va. (Jan. 15,
1993). See also Elaine M. Grossman, Crew Wives Want No Women on Subs, Chi.
Sun-Times, Feb. 6, 2000, at 29A.





n222.  Bradley Peniston, Swedish Subs Serve as Model to U.S. Fleet, Navy Times,
July 5, 1999. Peniston talked to Swedish sailors stationed at Gdynia, Poland,
who approved of Sweden's policy of putting female sailors on small submarines
since 1989. Id. A male officer acknowledged that there is no privacy, and people
wind up changing clothes together. Id. A female sailor who shares her stateroom
with three male officers said, "I think we think differently" from Americans.
Id. "It's the natural way of doing it." Id. A chief petty officer from the
American guided missile cruiser USS Hue City said, "No way would that work." Id.
A female lieutenant junior-grade, also from the Hue City, agreed, telling the
reporter that she was headed for nuclear training for aircraft carriers. Id.





n223.  See id.





n224.  Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 8.





n225.  Navy Response, Fall 1999, supra note 183, at slide titled "Women in the
Nuclear Propulsion Program."





n226.  Navy Response, Spring 2000, supra note 186, at 2-3.





n227.  See Rep. Roscoe Bartlett, News Release, Women on Subs Amendment Included
in Defense Bill, Oct. 12, 2000.



   As a practical matter, this is a no-brainer. The Constitution reserves the
exclusive authority to Congress to make regulations concerning the military.
Without this provision, the Administration could have imposed this radical and
exorbitantly expensive change over the objections of the Navy, with no public
debate or consideration by the Congress.

 Id. See also supra note 176.





n228.  See supra note 227.





n229.  See SAIC Report, supra note 178. Historically, the typical DACOWITS
answer to career limitations for women was to demand the removal of all
"barriers," regardless of the consequences.





n230.  See Bartlett, supra note 227 (alteration added).





n231.  Andrew Scutro, Full Steam Ahead, Navy Times, Feb. 27, 2006, at 14-16.
Adm. Mullen was quoted as saying that officials in the submarine community were
"looking at" the possibility. In another interview, then-Master Chief Petty
Officer Terry Scott was quoted as saying that he favored the inclusion of women
on subs because his daughter said when she was eight years old that she wanted
to ride on submarines. Mark D. Faram, Coming Soon? Women on Subs, Pay Parity,
Top Enlisted Sailor Says Only Outdated "Culture" Stands in Way, Navy Times, Feb.
13, 2006, at 12.





n232.  See Scutro, supra note 231, at 15.





n233.  Hearing on Sexual Assault and Violence Against Women in the Military and
at the Academies Before the H. Subcomm. on Nat'l Sec., Emerging Threats, & Int'l
Relations, of the H. Comm. on Gov't Reform, 109th Cong. (June 27, 2006)
[hereinafter House, Hearing on Sexual Assault and Violence Against Women in the
Military and at the Academies] (testimony of Vice Adm. Rempt) (citing Task Force
Report, supra note 10, at 7), available at
http://frwebgate.access.gpo.gov/cgi-bin/getdoc.cgi?dbname=109 house
hearings&docid=f:33682.wais . See also id. (statement of Elaine Donnelly). The
Task Force Report suggested that acceptance of women at the USNA might improve
if their numbers were significantly increased. See Task Force Report, supra note
10, at 22. The theory was based on civilian sociology only, but the USNA
nevertheless has increased its percentage of female midshipmen from 15.8% in the
Class of 2006 to 22.8% in the Class of 2010.





n234.  W. Thomas Smith, Jr., Burning Up SEALS: Misusing Special Warfare Assets,
Nat'l Rev. (online ed.), Aug. 31, 2006,
http://article.nationalreview.com/?q=MTY1MDgxOTU2YTA3NWE3ODQyZD
AwZTc1OGMxOThhNTU=. The USNA should be concentrating on meeting the primary
recruiting needs of the Navy and Marine Corps today - i.e., men for the combat
arms and submarines.





n235.  See Policy on the Assignment of Women, supra note 44.





n236.  Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 23. See also Nancy Klingener,
A Fighting Chance: Female Pilots Finally Will Be Flying Fleet F-14s, Miami
Herald, May 16, 1993, at B6; Scott D. Williams, Blacklions Fly Into Naval
Aviation History, Compass (San Diego, Cal.), Sept. 9, 1994, at A1.





n237.  See Tony Perry, Navy's 1st Woman Combat Pilot Killed During Training
Mission, L.A. Times Oct. 27, 1994, at A12; N.Y. Times News Service, Female
Combat Pilot's Death Sparks Debate, Chi. Trib., Oct. 30, 1994, at C3.





n238.  See, e.g., Perry, supra note 237; Michael E. Ruane, Knight Ridder
Newspapers, Atlanta J. & Const., Oct. 27, 1994, at A4; NBC Nightly News: Navy's
First Female Pilot is Lost at Sea (NBC television broadcast Oct. 26, 1994). See
also Mishap Investigation Report (Apr. 4, 1995) [hereinafter MIR Report],
available at http://www.panix.com/baldwin/hultgreen mir.txt.





n239.  MIR Report, supra note 238, at 12. The MIR analyzed glide slope errors in
detailed, technical terms, and summarized: "The causal factors of this mishap
and injury are a result of overcontrol, external distraction, cognitive
saturation, channelized attention, wear debris, complacency and problem not
foreseeable." Id. at 16. See also infra note 263. This document, normally kept
in strict confidence, was initially revealed by Newsweek magazine on March 27,
1995. See Becky Garrison, COs Irked by Handling of Hultgreen Case, Navy Times,
June 5, 1995, at 6.





n240.  Center for Military Readiness, CMR Special Report: Double Standards in
Naval Aviation 3-6 (Apr. 25, 1995) [hereinafter CMR Special Report] (supported
by training records at B1-1-B13-1). This author met and talked with Lt.
Hultgreen and other aviators in her squadron, VF-213, during a visit to the San
Diego Naval Air Station on October 13, 1994, twelve days before her tragic
death. It was obvious that Lt. Hultgreen enjoyed being in the F-14 squadron, and
her colleagues held her in high regard.





n241.  See infra notes 256-258.





n242.  Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213 (discussing the Report of the
Field Naval Aviation Evaluation Board (FNAEB) 94-103 (June 19, 1995) and
individual FNAEB documents referenced in the Air Wing Eleven Report). See also
infra note 243. A FNAEB is an administrative board that may be called to
evaluate the performance, potential judgment, and motivation for service of the
aviator ordered to appear before the board. The FNAEB evaluating the performance
of Lt. Lohrenz removed her from carrier aviation but recommended A-3 status,
which would permit her to fly non-tactical aircraft. The squadron commander went
further in assigning her to B-1 (non-flying) status, and the decision was upheld
by a Naval Aviation Evaluation Board (NAEB), which removed her wings on June 17,
1995. In response to letters from Lohrenz's parents to the Under Secretary of
the Navy, Richard Danzig, several investigations ensued. The Air Wing Eleven
investigation concluded that, at the time of the FNAEB, "Lt. Lohrenz's grades
were below minimum standards." Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 103.
Nevertheless, for questionable reasons, Lohrenz was returned to non-carrier
aircraft flight status by a second Naval Aviation Evaluation Board in July 1996.
See Ernest Blazar, Navy Gives Grounded Female Pilot 2nd Chance, Navy Times, June
30, 1997. After filing a lawsuit against the Navy regarding the release of her
records, Lohrenz agreed to leave the Navy in October 1998.





n243.  Report of the FNAEB [hereinafter FNAEB Report], FRS (Fleet Replacement
Squadron) Training Jacket Summary, Memorandum from Commanding Officer, Fighter
Squadron 213 to LCDR Warren S. Ryder, USN, at encl. 16 (May 31, 1995) (on file
with author). See also James W. Crawley, Navy Grounds Female F-14 Pilot for
Evaluation of Flying Skills, San Diego Union-Trib., June 30, 1995, at B1.

   In a statement filed with the FNAEB, the Commanding Officer of the Squadron,
Cmdr. F. J. Killian, wrote:



   I feel that all the warning signs of impending danger exist, and that my
tools, the tripwires set forth by governing instructions, indicate a safety
hazard. I believe that to allow her to continue in the carrier environment could
in fact put lives at risk, and [I] am unwilling to do that.


   Id. at encl. 6 (alteration added). Lt. Jeffrey Trent, Senior Landing Signal
Officer (LSO), said in a statement that Lohrenz's performance was
"undisciplined, unresponsive, and unpredictable." Id. at encl. 9. The Commander
of the Air Wing (CAG), Capt. Dennis Gillespie, in his "Second Endorsement,"
dated June 21, 1995, expressed agreement with the FNAEB Report: "The buck stops
here. Continued and unwarranted effort to achieve mediocrity in the face of "the
ramp' would be an irresponsible act of cowardice on my part." Id. at 11-12. The
Air Wing Eleven Report noted that "[Navy] investigators determined that Lt.
Lohrenz went to a FNAEB because those who observed her carrier landings thought
she was unresponsive, unpredictable, and unsafe ... ." Air Wing Eleven Report,
supra note 213, at 102 P 338 (alteration added).





n244.  Letter from Lt. Lohrenz to Commander, Naval Air Force (June 18, 1995)
(asking for reconsideration of the FNAEB decision to remove her from carrier
aviation) (on file with author). See also Ernest Blazar, Wing of Fate: What Went
Wrong, Navy Times, July 14, 1997, at 4.





n245.  See, e.g, Navy Hotline Completion Report 1-35 (Nov. 30, 1995, rev. Jan.
31, 1997) [hereinafter Carman Report], published in Air Wing Eleven Report,
supra note 213, at app. Lt. Lohrenz demanded and did receive some revisions in
the Carman Report, but the conclusion that she had not been a victim of sex
discrimination remained. It stated that, "As early as October 1994, certain
aspects of Lt. Lohrenz' night carrier landing performance were below minimum
carrier qualification standards." Carman Report, supra, at 11. The Carman Report
(rev.) noted,



   When Lt. Lohrenz' commanding officer referred her to a Field Naval Aviator
Evaluation Board on 30 May 1995, she ranked 113 of 113 among air wing pilots ...
. Lt. Lohrenz received equivalent opportunity to train compared to her
contemporaries. Thus, claims that she was not given a reasonable opportunity to
succeed are not substantiated.

 Id. at 16. It added, "Documentation was provided verifying command level
monitoring of aviators whose landing performance tended to be below required
standards." Id. at 17. See also Blazar, supra note 244, at 6.





n246.  Memorandum from Adm. Brent M. Bennit, Commander Naval Air Force, U.S.
Pacific Fleet, Second Endorsement on Lt. Carey D. Lohrenz, USNR, to Chief of
Naval Personnel, Subj: Request for Reinstatement of Flight Status, June 12,
1996, at 1-3 (Feb. 28, 1996) [hereinafter Bennit Memo] (on file with author).





n247.  Letters from Robert and Carol Dunai, the parents of Carey Lohrenz, to
high level Navy officials (July 20, 1995; Jan. 9, 1996) (on file with author).
See also Blazar, supra note 244, at 8. In view of the record of unequivocal
statements by experts evaluating Lohrenz's performance first-hand, the
solicitous response of Under Secretary Danzig to the Lohrenz FNAEB was unusual.
His response, and objectives that the Naval Inspector General set for the huge
Air Wing Eleven investigation that followed, were examples of DSIWs, which had
become pervasive in the aftermath of the 1991 Tailhook scandal.





n248.  See Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213. The Naval Inspector General
investigation of Carrier Air Wing Eleven examined the initial work up and
deployment of women assigned to combat aviation positions aboard the USS
Lincoln. The resulting report of the Naval Inspector General was dated February
10, 1997, but it was not released, in redacted form, until July 1997. The report
examined the experiences of several female pilots in Air Wing Eleven, but its
primary focus was on Lt. Lohrenz, whose parents had sent letters complaining of
sex discrimination when she was removed from carrier aviation in May 1995. In
1996, scores of Navy personnel and officials were interviewed under oath, with
verbatim transcripts.





n249.  Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 92.



   Whatever the reason - stress, lack of motor skills, problems with scanning,
inability to comprehend what she was being told to do, unwillingness to comply
with the signals of the LSOs due to lack of trust or a belief that she knew what
was better for her - the bottom line is that a pilot must respond to the signals
of the LSO; Lohrenz did not. A pilot who cannot, or will not, follow the
directions of the LSO is inherently unsafe and must be removed from the carrier
flying environment.

 Id. (alteration added). Additional allegations regarding Lohrenz and several
other female aviators who claimed or suspected discrimination were found to be
minor or unsubstantiated. See id. at 149, 154, 165, 172, 185, 195, 198, 208,
211-30. See also Robert J. Caldwell, A Rough Flight for the Navy's Female
Pilots, San Diego Union-Trib., July 13, 1997, at G1.





n250.  See Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 23-26 (publishing many
excerpts of sworn statements obtained by Naval Inspector General investigators,
but without attribution or identifying information). Unredacted transcripts of
Naval Inspector General interviews, obtained by this author during the discovery
process of litigation, revealed identifying information and more statements
expressing serious concerns about Lt. Lohrenz's landing techniques, which had
preceded her FNAEB and removal from carrier aviation.





n251.  Id. at 41 P 157. Cmdr. Thomas Sobiek, the commanding officer of the F-14
fleet replacement (training) squadron (VF-124), initially denied that there were
unusual pressures to graduate the female trainees from the training squadron. He
later conceded that Navy public affairs officers were pressuring the training
squadron to win "a race with the Air Force" to get women into tactical aviation.
See See 60 Minutes: Double Standard? (CBS television broadcast Apr. 19, 1998)
(interview of Cmdr. Thomas Sobiek and Lt. Patrick Burns by Mike Wallace)
(transcript on file with author).





n252.  See 60 Minutes, supra note 251 (statement of Adm. Stanley Arthur).





n253.  Id. In many conversations with this author, Lt. Patrick J. (Jerry) Burns,
a former radar intercept officer (RIO) and F-14 instructor who had trained Lt.
Lohrenz, stated that carrier qualification historically had been defined by high
standards and competency, not minimal standards and mediocrity. This same belief
was stated by other naval aviators. See, e.g., Air Wing Eleven Report, supra
note 213, at 91 ("Everyone [interviewed] was consistent in their description of
Lt. Lohrenz' typical pass, which she said was high and fast or overpowered ...
to many of the LSOs [landing signal officers], her technique presented the
profile of the classic ramp strike they all feared."). Lt. Burns documented his
statements with records of carrier qualification washout rates of F-14 aviators
from January 1986 to July 1994, which were subsequently published in the CMR
Special Report, see supra note 240, at B5-1-B5-14. See also Aff. of Lt. Patrick
Jerome "Pipper" Burns, USN (Ret.), at 52, Lohrenz v. Donnelly & CMR, 223 F.
Supp. 2d 25 (D.D.C. 2002) (No. Civ. 96-777) (on file with author) [hereinafter
Burns Affidavit].



   I reject the notion, as stated by Plaintiff Lohrenz during her December 7,
1999, deposition, that it was not a matter of general public concern whether
some female pilots were receiving preferential treatment in order to qualify for
carrier aviation. Both of these women [Hultgreen and Lohrenz] were technically
"qualified," but the issue was competence to fly the F-14. I saw this as a life
and death issue, and it still is.

 Id. (alteration added). See also infra note 275.





n254.  See Pat Flynn, Pilot Qualified, Files Show, San Diego Union-Trib., Nov.
20, 1994, at A1; Editorial, An Inevitable First, Navy Times, Nov. 7, 1994.
During this interim time, following the death of Lt. Hultgreen and prior to
publication of the CMR Special Report, see supra note 240, rumors about double
standards in the training of both women were widespread in the San Diego naval
aviation community. Some speculators who did not have first-hand information may
have confused the training records of Lt. Hultgreen with those of her colleague,
Lt. Lohrenz, which were far worse. Training records retained by Lt. Burns - an
F-14 instructor who feared that one of the women would die and that the Navy
would try to deny double standards that elevated risks for both women - did
constitute first-hand information. Copies of the records published in the CMR
Special Report, which Rear Adm. Lyle Bien had conceded were "largely accurate"
in his January 1995 report, drew distinctions between Lt. Hultgreen and the
second female F-14 aviator, who was identified only as "Pilot B." See also Bien
Report, infra note 271.





n255.  See 60 Minutes, supra note 251. Contradicting his previous denials to
Naval Inspector General investigators, Cmdr. Sobiek admitted on 60 Minutes that
he did say something to squadron instructors that could have been interpreted as
pressure to graduate the female aviators, no matter what. See Air Wing Eleven
Report, supra note 213, at 27.





n256.  Eric Schmitt, Miramar Pilot's Death Revives Issue of Women's Military
Roles, San Diego Union-Trib., Oct. 30, 1994, at A6; Flynn, supra note 254.





n257.  Interview of Lt. Cmdr. Rhinehart Wilke before Naval Inspector General, in
Naval Air Station San Diego., Cal. (July 3, 1996) (unredacted transcript on file
with author). During the Air Wing Eleven Investigation, few questions were asked
about the death of Lt. Kara Hultgreen or the training that preceded her fatal
mishap on October 25, 1994. Unredacted copies of interview transcripts were
provided to this author in the course of litigation discovery.





n258.  Id. The redacted copy of the Naval Inspector's General's Report, released
to the public in July 1997, did not include any reference to this significant
statement by Lt. Cmdr. Wilke. Exposure of his testimony would have called into
question the judgment of Navy officials and advocates who created the perception
of a "race with the Air Force" to get female pilots into combat aviation.





n259.  Id.





n260.  Naval Air Force, U. S. Pacific Fleet News Release No. 09-95, Navy
Releases Investigation Findings on F-14 Accident (Oct. 1994) (Feb. 29, 1995)
(announcing release of the public Judge Advocate Gen. Manual (JAGMAN) Report
(Feb. 28, 1995) [hereinafter JAGMAN Report]). See also Pat Flynn, Hultgreen
Cleared of Blame in F-14 Crash, San Diego Union-Trib., Feb. 28, 1995, at A1; Pat
Flynn, F-14's Fate Sealed in Split Seconds, San Diego Union-Trib., Mar. 1, 1994,
at A1; Dana Priest, Female Pilot's Crash Blamed on Engine Stall, Wash. Post,
Mar. 1, 1995, at A7.





n261.  JAGMAN Report, supra note 260, at 27 (Finding 13) ("Her response was dual
engine wave off technique and this unwittingly exacerbated the single engine
situation by increasing left yaw and setting an AOA (angle of attack) in excess
of NATOPS (flight manual) recommended single engine wave off procedures.").





n262.  See, e.g., Flynn, supra note 260; Nightline (ABC broadcast Feb. 28,
1995); Editorial, Robert J. Caldwell, Hultgreen Case Puts the Navy's Credibility
at Risk Again, San Diego Union-Trib., Mar. 26, 1995, at G1; A Whitewash Serves
No Purpose, Soundings (Norfolk, Va.), Mar. 8, 1995; Becky Garrison, What Killed
Hultgreen?, Navy Times, Mar. 13, 1995, at 3.





n263.  See MIR Report, supra note 238, at 12-13. The confidential Mishap
Investigation Report, revealed by persons unknown, was far more explicit than
the JAGMAN Report, but consistent with it. The MIR analyzed in detail five
errors made by Kara Hultgreen, the "Mishap Pilot," or "MP," which caused her to
depart from safe flight and crash into the sea. They were summarized as follows:
(1) "MP's attempt to salvage overshooting approach with left rudder led to
reduced engine compressor stall margin, contributing to left engine compressor
stall;" (2) "MP failed to execute proper single engine waveoff procedures;" (3)
"MP failed to inform MR (mishap radar intercept officer, in the back seat) of
single engine emergency;" (4) "MP failed to respond to LSO (landing signal
officer) calls;" and (5) "MP failed to make timely decision to eject." Id. It
should be noted that most aviation mishaps are caused by pilot errors. These
realities do not detract from the respect owed to Lt. Hultgreen, a pioneering
aviator. See also Mitchell, supra note 15, at 300-02; Rowan Scarborough, Pilot
Error Acknowledged, Wash. Times, Apr. 13, 1995, at A1; Becky Garrison, Internal
Report Confirms Hultgreen's Error, Navy Times, Apr. 3, 1995.





n264.  Deposition of Carey D. Lohrenz at 373-76, Lohrenz vs. Donnelly & CMR, No.
96-777 (D.D.C. Dec. 6, 1999) (transcript on file with author).





n265.  Robert J. Caldwell, Were the Simulator Tests Rigged?, San Diego
Union-Trib., Apr. 9, 1995, at G1; Gregory Vistica, Fall From Glory: The Men Who
Sunk the U.S. Navy 386-87 (1995). Vistica noted that the Navy went to great
lengths to prove that mechanical failure had caused the Hultgreen mishap - even
raising the aircraft from the sea to study the engines, which was not an
ordinary practice:



   Test results, however, revealed that both engines were working fine, with the
exception of a malfunctioning valve, which in itself is not enough to ground an
aircraft. The Navy even manipulated and rigged a simulator test so the majority
of the naval aviators trying to replicate Hultgreen's crash could do nothing but
crash. Without the rigged restrictions, most of the pilots would have survived
... When stories about [the secret Mishap Investigation Report] appeared first
in Newsweek, then The Los Angeles Times, the Navy tried to discredit them,
claiming they were inaccurate. And when Robert Caldwell, a former Army veteran
and conservative columnist at The San Diego Union-Tribune, began lifting the
veil on the admirals' obfuscation of the facts, the Navy resorted to personal
attacks on his character in an effort to undermine his thorough reporting. The
Navy's public affairs officers then began calling reporters to warn them off the
story. Interest in the mishap investigation report was so high because it
clearly contradicted the Navy's official position, that Rear Admiral Kendell
Pease, the chief of public affairs, had released a memorandum for correspondents
[regarding "errors of fact" about the MIR]... .Commander Stephen Pietropaoli, a
Navy spokesman, even bragged to H. G. Reza of The Los Angeles Times that he had
kept The Boston Globe and The Washington Post from publishing stories.

 Id. (alterations added).

   See also Editorial, The Crash of Kara Hultgreen, Detroit News, Apr. 9, 1995.



   The nation has been led to believe that mechanical failure caused the fatal
crash last October of Lt. Kara Hultgreen, the Navy's first female combat pilot.
Now comes an internal investigation, leaked online, citing pilot error as the
primary factor in the crash ... . Without question, Lt. Hultgreen was a brave
and committed pilot. Whether she was sufficiently trained and qualified for
carrier duty, however, is a matter of some dispute. Double standards are an
unfortunate consequence of the political decision to expand opportunities for
women ... . [Release] of the public [JAGMAN] report was a masterpiece of
obfuscation ... . Lt. Hultgreen wished only to be judged against her fellow
pilots. By applying a double standard, the Navy has heaped dishonor upon her
memory, and put other pilots at risk.

 Id. (alterations added).





n266.  The training squadron commander, Cmdr. Thomas Sobiek, flatly denied that
he had made such a suggestion in his interview with the Naval Inspector General.
See Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 29 (inquiring about this
understanding: "A: That is a flat-ass lie. And whoever told you that, if they
were under oath, should be taken to task."). But during his interview with Mike
Wallace, Cmdr. Sobiek admitted that he may have conveyed that impression, and he
added that some female pilots were advanced in combat aviation ahead of many men
who were kept waiting or forced to resign. See 60 Minutes, supra note 251.
Another aviator told Naval Inspector General investigators on July 5, 1996, that
he remembered Cmdr. Sobiek saying, "Read my lips. These women will make it to
the fleet, and they will make it on time, period, and we'll do what it takes to
get them there." See Testimony of William G. Bond, USN, in Naval Station San
Diego, Cal. (July 5, 1996) (transcript on file with author).





n267.  Burns Affidavit, supra note 253, at 25-27. Burns wrote that he had asked
for the assistance of the Center for Military Readiness because his local chain
of command had been unresponsive to his concerns, and because he



   felt that it was imperative that Congress and senior officers within the
Department of Defense (DoD) be made aware of what was happening within the
Department of the Navy: that lives were being lost or put at risk, assets
destroyed, and millions of tax dollars wasted in order to execute what amounted
to little more than a questionable and ineffective public relations campaign
intended to "make amends for the Tailhook scandal."

 Id.





n268.  Id. at 26. See also Interview of Lt. Patrick Jerome Burns, USN, at the
Office of the Naval Inspector General, Washington Navy Yard, Wash., D.C. (Dec.
19, 1996) (transcript on file with author); Memorandum from Vice Adm. J.R.
Fitzgerald, Naval Inspector General, to Vice Chief of Naval Operations, Subj:
Investigation into the Unauthorized Release of Flight Training Records (Jan. 10,
1997) (on file with author).





n269.  Telephone conversation between Lt. Patrick Burns and author (Nov. 27,
1994); Letter from Lt. Patrick Burns to author (Dec. 15, 1994) (on file with
author).





n270.  Letter from Elaine Donnelly, Center for Military Readiness, to Sen. Strom
Thurmond, U.S. Senate (Jan 16, 1995) [hereinafter Thurmond Letter] (on file with
author).





n271.  Report of Rear Adm. Lyle G. Bien to Commander, Naval Air Force, U.S.
Pacific Fleet, Subj: Preliminary Inquiry into the Circumstances Connected with
the Allegation that Standards Used to Qualify Naval Aviators for Assignment to
Operational F-14 Tomcat Squadrons from September 1993 until the Present Varied
with Gender of the Officer in Training (Jan. 31, 1995) [hereinafter, Bien
Report] (referring to CMR letter Jan. 16, 1995 ("reference (b)"): "We found the
facts contained in reference (b) to be largely accurate.") (on file with
author). See also Robert J. Caldwell, Navy Admits "Concessions" for Female F-14
Pilots, San Diego Union-Trib., Mar. 2, 1997, at G1; Mitchell, supra note 15, at
298-302.





n272.  Dep. of Capt. W. S. Orr, U.S. Navy (Ret.), at 115, Lohrenz v. Donnelly &
CMR, 223 F. Supp. 2d 25 (D.D.C. 2002) (No. Civ. 96-777) (transcript on file with
author). Orr, an experienced aviator, affirmed that, even though the training
records that Donnelly had shown him in 1995 did not include every flight, "What
I saw was enough information for me to believe that there was substandard
performance that would never have been accepted in any other environment that I
have been exposed to." Id.





n273.  See CMR Special Report, supra note 253. A condensed version of this
report is available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/viewarticle.asp?f=87mr11cmrrpt09j95.pdf.





n274.  Id. See also Rowan Scarborough, Navy Accused of Giving Women Special
Treatment, Wash. Times, Apr. 28, 1995, at A1; Robert Caldwell, Navy Files Cast
Doubt on "Gender Neutral," San Diego Union-Trib., May 14, 1995, at G1; David
Stump, A Double Standard?, Soundings, Apr. 26, 1995, at A1.





n275.  On April 22, 1996, Lt. Lohrenz filed a libel suit against the Center for
Military Readiness and The Washington Times, claiming that the publication of
this report caused her to be washed out of carrier aviation. On August 16, 2002,
the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia dismissed the case, ruling
that Lohrenz was a limited-purpose public figure and that Donnelly had good
reason to question the Navy's "party line" on double standards in training. See
Lohrenz v. Donnelly, 223 F. Supp. 2d 25 (D.D.C. 2002), aff'd, 350 F.3d 1272
(D.C. Cir. 2003), cert. denied, 541 U.S. 1042 (2004). See also Mitchell, supra
note 15, at 288-302.





n276.  See Bennitt Memo, supra note 246. See also Carman Report, supra note 245,
at 16.





n277.  See Bennitt Memo, supra note 246. See also FNAEB Report, supra note 243,
at 7.



   Lt. Lohrenz's carrier landing performance has been sub-standard. Her
performance in that regime has been declining since January 1995. This
performance has declined to the point that it is unsafe. Due to this documented
substandard, unpredictable and unsafe performance, she should be allowed to
continue performing in the carrier-based environment.

 Id.





n278.  Carman Report, supra note 245, at 17.





n279.  See Thurmond Letter, supra note 270.





n280.  See Lohrenz, 223 F. Supp. 2d at 33. Contrary to Lohrenz's complaint, the
January 16, 1995, letter to Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Sen. Strom
Thurmond was a private letter of inquiry and a request for his assistance in
determining if the information received from Donnelly's known but unnamed
source, Lt. Burns, was accurate. At the time the letter was sent to Sen.
Thurmond and referred to Navy officials for investigation, Lohrenz already was
on a "watch list" due to poor performance. See Carman Report, supra note 245, at
17. The CMR Special Report was not published until April 25, 1995.





n281.  See 60 Minutes, supra note 251 (alteration added).





n282.  Dep. of Adm. Arthur at 192-93, Lohrenz v. Donnelly & CMR, 223 F. Supp. 2d
25 (D.D.C. 2002) (No. Civ. 96-777) (transcript on file with author). During the
same deposition, Adm. Arthur admitted that he had not examined the training
records of the two women personally, but he understood that the women were doing
well. That information, he said, probably came from the Chief of Naval
Information, Rear Adm. Kendell Pease, known as CHINFO. Dep. of Adm. Arthur,
supra, at 135-37. The Navy public affairs office, known as CHINFO, was
identified in the Air Wing Eleven report as the orchestrator of much of the
media attention given to issues surrounding the female aviators before and after
the death of Lt. Hultgreen. See Air Wing Eleven Report, supra note 213, at 39;
Conversation between Lt. Hultgreen and author at Naval Air Station San Diego,
Cal. (Oct. 13, 1994). Rear Adm. Pease also testified on April 28, 2000, that he
had no firsthand knowledge of the training records of Lts. Hultgreen and
Lohrenz. Dep. of Adm. Pease at 41-42, Lohrenz, 223 F. Supp. 2d 25 (D.D.C. 2002)
(No. Civ. 96-777) (transcript on file with author).





n283.  Photo by Sean Haffey of the San Diego Union-Tribune, accompanying article
by Robert J. Caldwell, For Naval Aviation, Gender Quotas Don't Fly, San Diego
Union-Trib., June 12, 1995, at G1.





n284.  Id. Unlike the usual practice when male pilots crash in the ocean, which
is to only seek recovery of the human remains, this aircraft was retrieved from
the ocean at a reported cost of $ 100,000, even though there was video of the
mishap and there were no nuclear weapons on board. See Becky Garrison, The
Grounding of Morale at Air Wing 11, Navy Times, Mar. 18, 1996, at 6; Navy Finds,
Retrieves Body of Pilot Lt. Kara Hultgreen, Orlando Sentinel, Nov. 16, 1994, at
A20.





n285.  CMR Special Report, supra note 253, at 1-2.



   Background and Purpose: The question at issue here is not whether women
should serve in combat squadrons, but whether women - and all naval aviation -
trainees - should be held to the same high standards that have reduced accident
rates in recent years ... . Double standards and concessions that heighten
inherent risks - for the sake of women or any other favored group - are simply
indefensible ... . Above all, CMR hopes that disclosure of this information will
enable Navy personnel, family members, and the American people to engage in a
responsible discussion that leads to constructive reforms, before heightened
risks result in the needless loss of more young lives.

 Id. (alterations added).





n286.  Adm. Mike Mullen, Remarks at the Patuxent River Naval Air Systems Command
"Total Force Diversity Day" Luncheon (June 26, 2006); Brian Seraile, NAWCAD
(Naval Air Systems Command) Public Affairs, CNO Delivers Message of Diversity,
Navy Times, June 29, 2006; Andrew Scutro, CNO Stresses Need for Diversity, Navy
Times, June 29, 2006.





n287.  See Seraile, supra note 286.





n288.  See supra notes 286, 288.





n289.  See supra note 285.





n290.  1 Final Report of the Congressional Commission on Military Training and
Gender-Related Issues 219-22, 228-30 (July 1999) [hereinafter Congressional
Commission on Military Training and Gender-Related Issues]. See also Eric
Schmitt, Generals Oppose Combat by Women: Secretary Withdraws Plan After Bitter
Disagreement, N.Y. Times, June 17, 1994, at A1 (reporting on the withdrawal of
Secretary Togo West's controversial June 1, 1994, memorandum ordering gender
integration in close combat units, such as multiple launch rocket systems (MLRS)
and Special Operations Forces (SOF) helicopters).





n291.  A five-year experiment with gender-integrated basic training that began
during the Carter Administration was terminated in 1981 because women were
suffering too many injuries and men were not being challenged enough.
Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-78 (Finding 2.4.1A).





n292.  Compare Navy Fitness Standards, Male, Age 20-24, Oct. 1, 2002,
http://usmilitary.about. com/od/navy/l/blfitmale20to24.htm [hereinafter Navy,
Male Standards], with Navy Fitness Standards, Female, Age 20-24, Oct. 1, 2002,
http://usmilitary.about.com/library/milinfo/ navfitness/blfemale20-24.htm
[hereinafter Navy, Female Standards].





n293.  Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292.





n294.  Navy, Female Standards, supra note 292.





n295.  See Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292; Navy, Female Standards, supra
note 292.





n296.  Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292.





n297.  Navy, Female Standards, supra note 292.





n298.  Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292.





n299.  Navy, Female Standards, supra note 292.





n300.  Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292; Navy, Female Standards, supra note
292.





n301.  Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292.





n302.  Navy, Female Standards, supra note 292.





n303.  Compare Navy, Male Standards, supra note 292, with Navy, Female
Standards, supra note 292.





n304.  See, e.g., Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-70-C-71
(Findings 2.1.1, 2.1.2, 2.1.3, 2.1.4B, 2.1.5).





n305.  Steven Komarow, Soldiers Lack Confidence in Their Officers, USA Today,
Sept. 12, 1997, at A1; Steven Komarow, Boot Camp Training Goes Back to Basics,
USA Today, Sept. 12, 1997, at A4.





n306.  See generally Sec'y of the Army, 2 Senior Review Panel Report on Sexual
Harassment, at A19 (July 1997) (discussing survey question 24).





n307.  Id.





n308.  Center for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), American Military
Culture in the 21st Century 27 (Feb. 2000).





n309.  Michael Evans, Army Hits the Target With Female Units, London Sunday
Times, Feb. 8, 1999. See also Correspondence between Lt. Col. Simon Vandeleur,
Army Training Regiment, Alexander Barracks, Purbright, Woking, Surrey, U.K., and
author (Feb. 10-19, 1999) (on file with author).

   Despite this success, another experiment with "gender-free" (co-ed) training
began in 1998. Minister of Defence Geoffrey Hoon, who took office in October
1999, initiated a two-year "Army Study Into Combat Effectiveness and Gender,"
raising expectations that women soon would be assigned to infantry units. But
women participating in "gender free" training along with the men suffered twice
as many stress fractures and were eight times more likely to be discharged with
back pain, tendon injuries, and bone fractures. See David Derbyshire, Tougher
Army Training Doubles Female Injuries, London Telegraph (online ed.), Jan. 2,
2002, available at http://www.telegraph.co.
uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=news/2002/01/03/narmy03xml; Kate O'Beirne, The Empire
Strikes Back, Nat'l Rev. Online, June 26, 2001, available at
http://www.nationalreview.clom/kob/ kob062601.shtml.

   A system of "gender-fair" training allowing for physical differences was
restored, and the Ministry of Defence decided that female soldiers would not be
assigned to direct ground combat units. See Michael Evans, London Times Online,
Women Pay Painful Price for Equal Military Training, Mar. 22, 2005, available at
http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/article434024.ece; Michael Smith,
British Won't Put Women on Front Lines, Daily Times (Pakistan) (online ed.), May
26, 2002, available at http://dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=story 26-5-2002
pg4 2.





n310.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-80 (Finding 2.5.1).



   Cohesion is the relationship that develops in a unit or group where (1)
members share common values and experiences; (2) individuals in the group
conform to group norms and behavior in order too ensure group survival and
goals; (3) members lose their personal identify in favor of a group identity;
(4) members focus on group activities and goals; (5) unit members become totally
dependent on each other for the completion of their mission or survival; and (6)
group members must meet all standards of performance and behavior in order not
to threaten group survival.

 Id.





n311.  See, e.g., Elizabeth Gleick, Scandal in the Military: Reports of Rape at
Army Training Base Suggest that the Services' Tolerance for Sexual Harassment Is
More than Zero, Time, Nov. 25, 1996, at 28.





n312.  See id.





n313.  See National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006, Pub. L. No.
109-163, § 552(a)(1), (f), 119 Stat. 3136, 3256-63 (2006) (amending 10 U.S.C. §
920 (effective October 1, 2007) (codifying the Uniform Code of Military Justice,
Article 120) to include "rape, sexual assault, and other sexual misconduct"). As
of the printing of this article, the Manual for Courts-Martial has not been
changed to reflect the new law. See Manual for Courts-Martial, United States,
pt. IV, Art. 120 (2005) [hereinafter MCM], available at
http://www.au.af.mil/au/awc/awcgate/law/mcm.pdf.





n314.  Report of the Federal Advisory Committee on Gender-Integrated Training
and Related Issues to the Secretary of Defense 15 (Dec. 16, 1997) (alteration
added) [hereinafter Kassebaum-Baker Commission Report]. See Rowan Scarborough,
Segregate the Sexes, Panel Urges Military, Wash. Times, Dec. 16, 1997, at A1;
Charles Moskos, The Folly of Comparing Race and Gender in the Army, Wash. Post,
Jan. 4, 1998, at C1; John Hillen, Prudent Triumph of Common Sense, Wash. Times,
Dec. 18, 1997, at A18; Bill Gertz & Rowan Scarborough, Inside the Ring, Wash.
Times, Jan. 31, 2003, at A7 (alteration added).





n315.  See Military Recruit Training Policy Restoration Act of 1997, H.R. 1559,
105th Cong. (1st Sess. 1997) (proposing to mandate separate basic training
regimens for men and women within each service branch).





n316.  Congressional Commission on Military Training and Gender-Related Issues,
supra note 290, at 122 (alteration added).





n317.  At the request of Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Cal.) and Rep. Roscoe Bartlett
(R-Md.), the Center for Military Readiness compiled a comprehensive report
listing dozens of reasons why the Army should end co-ed basic training. See
Center for Military Readiness, Summary of Relevant Findings and Recommendations:
Army Gender-Integrated Basic Training (GIBT), 1993-2002 (May 2003), available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/gibtsp01.pdf, with Appendices A-D available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/gibttapdx.pdf. Rep. Bartlett subsequently placed
the eighteen-page document into the Congressional Record. See 149 Cong. Rec.
E1223-26 (daily ed. June 11, 2003) (statement of Rep. Bartlett). See also Rowan
Scarborough, Army Endorses Mixed-Sex Training, Wash. Times, Jan. 27, 2003, at
A1.





n318.  See generally Senior Review Panel Report on Sexual Harassment, supra note
10; Kassebaum-Baker Commission Report, supra note 314; Congressional Commission
on Military Training and Gender-Related Issues, supra note 290.





n319.  See Kassebaum-Baker Commission Report, supra note 314, at 16. The
Commission found that the Marines' single-sex approach was producing "impressive
levels of confidence, team building, and esprit de corps in all female platoons
at the Parris Island base."





n320.  See generally Report of the Independent Panel to Review Department of
Defense Detention Operations (Aug. 24, 2004) [hereinafter Report of the
Independent Panel]; James Schlesinger, The Truth About Our Soldiers, Wall Street
J., Sept. 9, 2004, at A16.





n321.  CNN, Report: Abu Ghraib was ""Animal House' at Night" (Aug. 25, 2004),
quoting Independent Panel Chairman Arthur Schlesinger (speaking at a news
conference, Schlesinger noted, "There was sadism on the night shift at Abu
Ghraib, sadism that was certainly not authorized."). See also Report of the
Independent Panel, supra note 320, at 13 ("The aberrant behavior on the night
shift in Cell Block 1 at Abu Ghraib would have been avoided with proper
training, leadership and oversight."); Allen G. Breed, Witness: Iraq Abuse
Photos "Just for Fun," Associated Press, Aug. 4, 2004, available at
http://www.pakistanidefenceforum.com/lofiversion/index.php/t344 66.html; Third
Soldier Guilty in Abu Ghraib Case, Army Times, Nov. 15, 2004, at 5 (regarding
plea bargain of Spc. Megan Ambuhl).





n322.  Thomas E. Ricks, Incidents Grew in Severity, Report Says, Wash. Post,
Aug. 26, 2004, at A17; Schlesinger, supra note 320.





n323.  Review & Outlook, "Torture" on Trial, Wall Street J., May 4, 2005, at
A18.





n324.  Id.





n325.  Barbara Ehrenreich, Feminism's Assumptions Upended, L.A. Times, May 16,
2004, at M1.





n326.  Kate Zernike, Behind Failed Abu Ghraib Plea, a Tangle of Bonds and
Betrayals, N.Y. Times, May 10, 2005, at A1.





n327.  Id.





n328.  Brian Kates, Out of Control at Camp Crazy!, Daily News (N.Y.), Feb. 6,
2005, at 29 (italics added).





n329.  See id.





n330.  See id.





n331.  Brian Kates, She's Mud as Hell, Daily News (N.Y.), Mar. 22, 2005, at 27.





n332.  Compare Bradley Graham, Prisoner Uprising in Iraq Exposes New Risk for
U.S., Wash. Post, Feb. 21, 2005, at A1 (mentioning the mud-wrestling incident),
with Steve Fainaru & Anthony Shadid, In Iraq Jail, Resistance Goes Underground,
Wash. Post, Aug. 24, 2005, at A01 (not mentioning the mud-wrestling incident
only six months later).





n333.  Graham, supra note 332.





n334.  Id.





n335.  Steve Fainaru & Anthony Shadid, In Iraq Jail, Resistance Goes
Underground, Wash. Post, Aug. 24, 2005, at A01.





n336.  Id.





n337.  Id.





n338.  Id.





n339.  Id.





n340.  Id.





n341.  Good Morning America (ABC television broadcast, Nov. 18, 1996) (Rep.
Patricia Schroeder appearing opposite then-Rep. Robert Livingston (R-La.)).





n342.  Madeline Morris, By Force of Arms: Rape, War, and Military Culture, 45
Duke L.J. 651, 747-60 (1996).





n343.  Id. at 757.





n344.  E.g., In the 1996 feature film Star Trek: First Contact, an android
character named Lt. Cmdr. Data was equipped with an "emotion chip" to help him
experience human emotions and sexuality. The enemy Borg Queen tied up Lt. Cmdr.
Data and attempted to extract information from him by activating the emotion
chip, making him vulnerable to her seduction. The science-fiction screenplay was
entertaining, but military social policy cannot be based on the social fiction
that human emotions can be "deactivated" at will. See Star Trek: First Contact,
Synopsis, http://www.star trek.com/startrek/view/series/MOV/008/synopsis.html
(last visited Apr. 12, 2007).





n345.  Sean D. Naylor, Values Instruction to be Added to Basic Training, Army
Times, Sept. 22, 1997, at 4. This article reported Army plans to extend basic
training from eight weeks to nine, a move that would cost the Army's force
structure three battalions of soldiers.





n346.  William H. McMichael, Not So Ship Shape: Admirals Are Concerned About the
Unprofessional Attitudes, Behaviors of Sailors, Navy Times, Nov. 22, 2004, at
8-9.





n347.  William H. McMichael, Warship or Loveboat? One Destroyer. 19 Months. 13
Cases of Fraternization and/or Adultery. And the Courts-Martial Aren't Over Yet,
Navy Times, Nov. 21, 2005, at 14 (regarding the destroyer U.S.S. Chung Hoon).





n348.  Rod Hafemeister, Pimping Alleged at Patrick: NCO Arranged for Subordinate
to Have Sex, Air Force Times, June 19, 2006, at 8, available at
http://www.airforceots.com/portal/modules.php? name=News&file=article?sid=115.





n349.  Cutter CO Relieved After "Inappropriate Relationship," Navy Times, June
28, 2004.





n350.  William H. McMichael, Adultery, Fraternization, Drugs, Graft & Guns: The
Disturbing Tale of a Brand-New Destroyer, Navy Times, Jan. 20, 2006, at 14
(regarding the U.S.S. Momsen).





n351.  Captain Given 60 Days in Patrick [AFB] Sex Case: Verdict Allows Honorable
Discharge, Air Force Times, Sept. 25, 2006, at 10.





n352.  Andrew Wolfson, Some Ky. Guard Women May Have Posed Nude, Courier-J.
(Louisville, Ky.), Sept. 28, 2006, at 1A.





n353.  Defense Task Force Report, supra note 10. An analysis of the report is
available at http://www.cmrlink.org/viewarticle.asp?f=cmr-pa%20092105a.pdf.





n354.  Center for Military Readiness, CMR Notes, DoD Task Force Proposals Target
Men of West Point & Annapolis (Nov. 2005), available at
http://www.cmrlink.org/search.asp.





n355.  Bradley Olson, Mikulski Presses Naval Academy Officials on Harassment,
Balt. Sun, Sept. 21, 2005, at 7A; Christopher Munsey, Culture Change Needed at
West Point, Panel Says, Army Times, Sept. 5, 2005, at 13.





n356.  Bradley Olson, Admiral Hammers on Gender Inequity, Balt. Sun, Feb. 27,
2006, at 1.





n357.  Andrew Scutro, Foul Comments; Academy Instructor's Remarks Land Him in
Court-Martial, Navy Times, Jan. 30, 2006, at 8; Earl Kelly, Academy Professor
Unfairly Targeted for Sex Comments? Capital (Annapolis) (online ed.), Jan. 14,
2006, http://www.hometownannapolis.com/cgi-bin/read/2006/01 14-40/NAV.





n358.  Earl Kelly, supra note 357.





n359.  Id. According to Lt. Black's attorney, Charles Gittins, the
Superintendent wanted to conduct Black's Article 15 (non-judicial punishment)
hearing publicly, in order to make an example of him. Id. See also The
Situation: "Swearing Like a Sailor" Gets Navy Man in Trouble (MSNBC television
broadcast Jan. 19, 2006) (transcript available at
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/10928032); Rowan Scarborough, Naval Academy Teacher
Cautioned Over Language, Wash. Times, Sept. 2, 2006, at A07 [hereinafter
Scarborough, Naval Academy Teacher Cautioned]. Article 15 (nonjudicial
punishment) hearings are usually conducted in private. See Scutro, supra note
357. Realizing that such a spectacle would be neither objective nor fair, Black
opted for a court-martial, which offered better protection for his rights. See
id. The Superintendent decided to proceed with the court-martial, but the
outcome was delayed for almost a year. See Scarborough, Naval Academy Teacher
Cautioned, supra. After months of controversy and criticism for what was
perceived as an over-zealous prosecution, Adm. Rempt transferred the case to
another Navy authority, who dismissed the case and ordered the same type of
letter of reprimand that Lt. Black was prepared to accept in the first place.
Id.





n360.  E-mail from Vice Adm. Rodney P. Rempt to nonmids@unsa.edu, Subject:
Faculty and Staff Invitation, (Jan. 4, 2006) (inviting USNA faculty, staff, and
their families to join members of the Class of 2007 for performances of the
interactive play Sex Signals at Mahan Hall on the USNA campus on January 9, 10,
and 11, 2006, at 7:30 p.m.). The e-mail acknowledged that the production is
geared to college students with discussions of dating, sex, and date rape. Id.
The e-mail recommended that due to "graphic language," children under the age of
thirteen should not attend. Id. See also infra note 362.





n361.  Id. See also Center for Military Readiness, Naval Academy Prosecution
Taken to PC Extreme (Jan. 13, 2006),
http://www.cmrlink.org/social.asp?docID=261.





n362.  Letter from Attorney Charles Gittins to Vice Adm. Rodney Rempt (Jan. 11,
2006) (on file with author). Gittins, a USNA alumnus who witnessed the play,
criticized its raunchy language, which he considered inappropriate for the
Academy's Mahan Hall, and noted that the players had presented misinformation
about "date rape" that conflicted with military law.





n363.  Defense Manpower Data Center, Service Academy 2005 Sexual Harassment and
Assault Survey vi (Dec. 23, 2005) [hereinafter SASA 2005], available at
http://www.sapr.mil/ contents/references/DMDC%20Academy%202005%20Survey.pdf.
This survey was conducted in response to section 527 of the National Defense
Authorization Act for FY 2004 and was the second in a series of annual surveys
that will continue through 2008. An analysis of this and previous surveys is
available at http://www.cmrlink.org/social.asp?docID=260 (last visited Apr. 12,
2007).





n364.  Kayla Williams & Michael E. Staub, Love My Rifle More Than You: Young and
Female in the U.S. Army (2005).





n365.  Id.; see also Kathleen Parker, Guys & Dolls: The Facts of Life about
Co-Ed Combat, Weekly Standard, Oct. 31, 2005, at 38.





n366.  Earl Kelly, Mids Say Discipline Is Not Consistent, Capital (Annapolis),
June 6, 2006, at A1.





n367.  Id.





n368.  U.S. Naval Academy, Honor Concept,
http://www.usna.edu/OfficerDevelopment/ honor/honorconcept.html (last visited
Apr. 12, 2007).





n369.  E-mail correspondence and telephone conversation between confidential
sources and author (May 2006) (on file with author).





n370.  Id.





n371.  Id.; E-mails from USNA spokesmen to author (Mar. 3, 2006-May 19, 2006)
(on file with author).





n372.  Earl Kelly, Academy Double Standard on Sex Dismissals?, Capital
(Annapolis), Mar. 6, 2006, at A1.





n373.  Id.





n374.  Id.





n375.  Id.





n376.  Id.





n377.  Lynn Sherr, Rape Without Repercussion? Women Say Assaults Are Not
Prosecuted at Air Force Academy (ABC News television broadcast Feb. 28, 2003).





n378.  Office of the General Counsel, U.S. Air Force, The Report of the Working
Group Concerning the Deterrence of and Response to Incidents of Sexual Assault
at the U.S. Air Force Academy 156-64 (June 2003), available at
http://www.usafatoday.com/docs/usafa report.pdf.





n379.  Christine Hansen, The Miles Foundation, Inc., A Considerable Sacrifice:
The Costs of Sexual Violence in the U.S. Armed Forces (Sept. 16, 2005)
(presented at the Military Culture and Gender Conference, University of Buffalo,
N.Y.), available at http://www.law.buffalo.edu/BALDY
CENTER/pdfs/MilCult05Hansen.pdf.





n380.  SASA 2005, supra note 363.





n381.  Id. at 13-15 ("Survey Metholodgy"). See also Lolita C. Baldor, Military
School Sex Harassment Continues, Associated Press, Dec. 28, 2005; Josh White,
Air Force Academy Shows Improvement, Wash. Post, Dec. 23, 2005, at A02; Rowan
Scarborough, Military Academies See Less Harassment, Wash. Times, Jan. 9, 2006,
at A1.





n382.  SASA 2005, supra note 363, at iv-vii ("Executive Summary"); Center for
Military Readiness, Sex Survey Scolding Unfair to Service Academies (Jan. 11,
2006), www.cmrlink.org/SOCIAL.ASP? DOCID=260 (last visited Apr. 4, 2007).





n383.  Dep't of Defense Office of the Victim Advocate Act of 2004, H.R. 4587,
108th Cong. (2004).





n384.  See Center for Military Readiness, Pentagon Doesn't Need an Office of
Male Bashing (Dec. 1, 2005), http://www.cmrlink.org/social.asp?docID=257.





n385.  Bryan Bender, Wellesley College Advised Pentagon on Victim Office, Boston
Globe, Dec. 10, 2005, at A1.





n386.  See Center for Military Readiness, Sex, Lies, and Rape (Sept. 4, 2006),
http://www. cmrlink.org/social.asp?DocID=276.





n387.  Dep't of Defense, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Public
Affairs), DoD Issues Confidentiality Policy for Sexual Assault Victims (Mar. 18,
2005), http://www.defenselink. mil/releases/release.aspx?releaseid=8320;
Memorandum from Deputy Secretary of Defense to Secretaries of the Military
Departments, Confidentiality Policy for Victims of Sexual Assault (Mar. 16,
2005), available at http://www.defenselink.mil/news/Mar2005/d20050318dsd.pdf.
See also Dep't of Defense Directive No. 6495.1, Sexual Assault Prevention and
Response (SAPR) Program (Oct. 6, 2005), available at
http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/649501p.pdf; K.C. McClain, We're
Making Progress, USA Today, Mar. 27, 2005, at 14A.





n388.  The Defense Department opposed OVA legislation that was reintroduced in
2006. See Military Domestic and Sexual Violence Response Act of 2006, H.R. 5212,
§ 111, 109th Cong. (2006). On June 12, 2006, the DoD Office of Domestic Violence
issued this statement:



   An office of the OVA is unnecessary. DoD is committed to maintaining a strong
focus on preventing these crimes, effectively responding to them and holding
offenders accountable for their actions. In the military, the responsibility for
maintaining this focus lies with commanders, not with victim advocates. While
victim advocates are important, victims often times need additional resources
within the military community. Victims need strong support from commanders and
other responders to ensure that medical, legal and investigative systems remove
barriers to reporting, reduce bureaucratic hurdles for victims and survivors,
and ensure access to treatment services.

 See Telephone call and facsimile from Pentagon official to author (June 12,
2006) (on file with author).





n389.  See Bradley Olson, Mid Tells Jury of Rape in Her Dorm: Defense Attacks
Credibility, Says Navy QB Had Consensual Sex, Balt. Sun, July 12, 2006, at 1A;
Earl Kelly, Judge Blasts Prosecution in Owens' Trial, Capital (Annapolis), July
14, 2006, at A1; Steve Vogel, Superintendent Faulted Over Rape Case E-Mails,
Wash. Post, July 7, 2006, at B04; Bradley Olson, Message is Focus in Rape Case:
Woman Might Have Invited Quarterback to Her Dorm Room at Naval Academy, Balt.
Sun, July 13, 2006, at 1B; Arlo Wagner, Alcohol an Issue in Accuser's Recall,
Wash. Times, July 18, 2006, at B3.





n390.  See Stuart Taylor, Jr., "Rape" and the Navy's P.C. Policy, Nat'l J., Apr.
9, 2007 (reporting that Vice Adm. Rempt, the USNA Superintendent and "convening
authority" in the Owens case, told alumnus Peter Optekar at a social event that
he had to submit Owens to a court martial: "Pete, I had no other choice. If I
did not take him to a GCM, we would have had every feminist organization and the
ACLU after us.").





n391.  See Arlo Wagner, Alcohol an Issue in Accuser's Recall, Wash. Times, July
18, 2006, at B3.





n392.  Nathan Barney, Owens Cleared of Rape Charge, Wash Times, July 22, 2006,
at B1.





n393.  Id.; Derrill Holly, Military Jury: No Punishment for Navy Quarterback,
Associated Press, July 21, 2006.





n394.  Nia-Malika Henderson, Annapolis Alderwoman Seeks Support for Owens, Balt.
Sun, Feb. 7, 2007, at 3B; Chris Amos, Worthy of Commission?, Navy Times, Mar.
12, 2007, at 8; Bradley Olson, Owens, Alumni Plead for Support: Navy
Ex-Quarterback Uses Web to Ask for Character References, Balt. Sun, Feb. 17,
2007, at 1A; Earl Kelly, Academy Criticized for Unequal Punishment: Some Say
Owens Trial Proves Double Standard for Female Midshipmen, Capital (Annapolis),
Aug. 20, 2006, at A1; Bradley Olson, Mid Vows to Fight Expulsion: Owens' Lawyer
also Objects to Order to Repay Navy $ 90,000 Navy for Education, Balt. Sun, Apr.
14, 2007, at 5B.





n395.  Office of the Inspector General of the Dep't of Defense, Report of the
Service Academy Sexual Assault and Leadership Survey xi n.15 (Mar. 4, 2005),
available at http://www.
dodig.mil/Inspections/IPO/reports/Final%20Survey%20Report.pdf; see also Daniel
de Vise, Defense Dept. Surveys Academy Sex Assaults, Wash. Post, Mar. 19, 2005,
at A01; Robert F. Dorr, Lies and Victims' Inaction Have Skewed Service
Academies' Sex Assault Reports, Navy Times, Apr. 25, 2005, at 46.





n396.  See supra note 363.





n397.  Gen. Accounting Office, DoD Service Academies: More Actions Needed to
Eliminate Sexual Harassment 3 (Jan. 1994) ("The most common forms of harassment
were derogatory personal comments and comments that standards had been lowered
for women."), available at http://archive.gao.gov/t2pbat4/150664.pdf.





n398.  Center for Military Readiness, supra note 382.





n399.  See Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-40 (Finding 1.32).



   Title VII has not been legally applied to the military in recognition of the
fact that its provision could impose constraints on the United States by which
potential military opponents, not operating under the same constraints, might
derive an advantage. Warfare is a supranational survival contest in which
opposing sides vie for any advantage; unilateral policies adopted to promote
principles other than military necessity may place the adopting party at
increased risk of defeat.

 Id.





n400.  William A. Woodruff, Homosexuality and Military Service, 64 UMKC L. Rev.
121, 123-24 (Fall 1995). Prior to retiring from active duty in the Judge
Advocate General's Corps, Professor Woodruff served as Chief of the Litigation
Division in the Office of the Judge Advocate General, where he was responsible
for defending the Army's interests in civil litigation, including litigation
challenges to the homosexual exclusion policy. Id.





n401.  475 U.S. 503, 506-07 (1986) (alteration added; quotations, citations, and
alteration omitted).





n402.  See J. Jennings Moss, Clinton to Allow Gays in Military, Wash. Times,
Nov. 12, 1992, at A1; J. Jennings Moss, Gays See Clinton Backing Agenda, Wash.
Times, Jan. 20, 1993, at A8.





n403.  See Bill Gertz, Nunn Defies Clinton on Gays in Military, Wash. Times,
Nov. 16, 1992, at A1; Bill Gertz, Clinton to Move Fast for Gays in the Military,
Wash. Times, Jan. 22, 1993, at A4; Chandler Burr, Friendly Fire: How Politics
Shaped Policy on Gays in the Military, Cal. Law., June 1994, at 54-55. In this
article, Burr reported that about an hour after his swearing-in, President
Clinton saw Rep. Gerry Studds (D-Mass.), one of two openly gay members of the
House, in the Capitol rotunda. "Shaking his hand, [President Clinton] said with
deep conviction, "I'm going to do this, Gerry.' "This' was Clinton's campaign
promise to lift the ban on gay and lesbian soldiers in the military." Id.
(alteration added). A few weeks later, Clinton intimate Paul Begala was present
at the inception of the Campaign for Military Service, an ad hoc coalition of
the American Civil Liberties Union, People for the American Way, the National
Organization for Women, and other groups that joined together to do the
lobbying, public relations, and vote counting.





n404.  See Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.14, Enlisted Administrative
Separations (Jan. 15, 1981); Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.30, Separation
of Regular Commissioned Officers, at encl. 2 (Jan. 15, 1981); Woodruff, supra
note 400, at 131-32 nn.56 & 60, reprinted in 32 C.F.R. pt. 41, app. A, P (H).
Both directives were republished in 1982. See also Memorandum from Deputy
Secretary of Defense to Military Departments (Jan. 16, 1981) ("I am promulgating
today a change to DoD Directive 1332.14 (Enlisted Administrative Separations),
including a completely new Enclosure 8 on Homosexuality. The revision contains
no change in policy. It reaffirms that homosexuality is incompatible with
military service."). Although these changes were put into place under the Carter
administration, the directive on Enlisted Administrative Separation was again
revised in 1982. See Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.14, Enlisted
Administrative Separations (Jan. 28, 1982), available at
http://dont.stanford.edu/regulations/regulation41.pdf. The 1982 revision did not
affect the policy on homosexuality. Nevertheless, the 1982 date has caused some
to erroneously attribute this language to the Reagan administration.





n405.  Memorandum from President Clinton to the Secretary of Defense, Ending
Discrimination on the Basis of Sexual Orientation in the Armed Forces (Jan. 29,
1993), available at http://dont. stanford.edu/regulations/pres1-29-93.pdf.





n406.  See id.





n407.  See Michael Hedges, Support for Gay Ban Seen as Spontaneous, Wash. Times,
Feb. 2, 1993, at A1; Rowan Scarborough & Ronald A. Taylor, Clinton Seeks a Deal
to Avoid Battle on Ban, Wash. Times, Jan. 28, 1993, at A1. Veterans,
conservative, and pro-family groups were relatively unprepared for the
controversy because it had not been widely debated during the 1992 presidential
race. Following extensive hearings, members of Congress and staff eventually
formulated a legislative strategy.





n408.  Memorandum from the Military Working Group to the Secretary of Defense,
Recommended DoD Homosexual Policy Outline (June 8, 1993). See also Peter
Copeland, Gay-Sex Video Set for Battle, Wash. Times, Mar. 15, 1993, at A1; Rowan
Scarborough, Study Urges Ban on Overt Gays: Pentagon Report to Seek Compromise,
Wash. Times, May 21, 1993, at A1; Eric Schmitt, Pentagon Speeds Plan to Lift Gay
Ban, N.Y. Times, Apr. 15, 1993, at A20; Rowan Scarborough, Gay-Ban Supporters
Seek Equal Time with Pentagon, Wash. Times, May 25, 1993, at A3; Rowan
Scarborough, Aspin Policy Follows "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," Wash. Times, June 22,
1993, at A1. The Military Working Group did not meet with opponents of President
Clinton's plan until June 8, 1993 - the date they submitted their policy outline
to Secretary Aspin.





n409.  Richard H.P. Sia, Top Military Officers Favor Gays Staying in Closet,
Balt. Sun, Feb. 23, 1993, available at
http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs.cmu.edu/user/scotts/bulgarians/joi
nt-chiefs-ban.html; Joyce Price, Clinton Aide Rips Deal on Gay Ban, Wash. Times,
Mar. 25, 1993, at A1; Paul Bedard, Clinton Softens Gay Plan, Wash. Times, Mar.
24, 1993, at A1; Rowan Scarborough, Senator Questions [Bernard] Nussbaum's Role
in Gay-Ban Case, Wash. Times, Apr. 7, 1994, at A4.





n410.  See Rowan Scarborough, Gay Rights Groups Ready Wish List for Military in
Case Ban is Lifted, Wash. Times, Feb. 10, 1993, at A1. The Gay, Lesbian, and
Bisexual Military Freedom Project was a coalition of nine human rights and gay
activist organizations, including: Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual Veterans of America;
American Civil Liberties Union; American Psychological Association; the Human
Rights Campaign Fund; National Gay and Lesbian Task Force; Military Law Task
Force; National Lawyer's Guild; Lambda Legal Defense and Educational Fund; and
Queer Nation. See id.





n411.  On September 8, 1994, the Department of Defense co-sponsored a day long
"Diversity Day Training Event" in Arlington's Crystal City near the Pentagon
with eighteen other government agencies. The program featured lectures, panel
discussions, exhibits, workshops, and video presentations, including a video
titled "On Being Gay." Id.; see also Rowan Scarborough, Navy Officers Balk at
Pro-Gay Seminar, Wash. Times, Sept. 8, 1994, at A1; Dep't of the Navy,
Memorandum for All Hands from the Cmdr. G.R. Stermer, Naval Sea Systems, Subj.:
Diversity Day 1994 Training Event, Aug. 26, 1994. See also Elaine Donnelly,
Heritage Foundation Lecture No. 522, Social Experimentation in the Military
(Apr. 3, 1995) (transcript available at http://www.heritage.org/
Research/NationalSecurity/HL522.cfm).





n412.  Gary Lee & Linda Wheeler, Gay-Rights March Organizers Say 1 Million May
Participate, Wash. Post, Mar. 19, 1993, at A41 (alteration added); Joyce Price,
Possible Clinton No-Show Angers Gay March Leaders, Wash. Times, Apr. 15, 1993,
at A4; Joyce Price, Clinton Plans Hookup to Gay-Rights Rally: Meets Leaders in
Oval Office, Wash. Times, Apr. 17, 1993, at A1; Cindy Loose, Gay Activists
Summon Their Hopes, Resolve, Wash. Post, Apr. 18, 1993, at A1.





n413.  Michael Hedges & J. Jennings Moss, "The Queer "90s": 300,000 March to
Celebrate Rites with Demand for Rights, Wash. Times, Apr. 26, 1993, at A1; Ruth
Fremson, Photo (Apr. 25, 1993) (showing estimated 300,000 marchers); Kenneth
Lambert, Photo (Apr. 25, 1993) (showing Pinocchio signs); Michael Hedges,
Emotions Bared, Among Other Things, Wash. Times, Apr. 26, 1993, at A1; Michael
Hedges, Were Marchers Just Too Far "Out"?, Wash. Times, Apr. 27, 1993, at A1.





n414.  See Burr, supra note 403, at 57-61, 98-100.





n415.  See Sia, supra note 409; Detroit News Wire Services, Top Brass: Rethink
Gay Ban Lift, Detroit News, Jan. 25, 1993, at A1.





n416.  See Grant Willis, Don't Ask, Don't Tell, Don't Pursue: Despite Compromise
on Gay Ban, Congress Will Get the Last Word, Army Times, Aug. 2, 1993, at 12.





n417.  See Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.14, Enlisted Administrative
Separations, at encl. 3 P E3.A1.1.8.1.1 (1994), available at
http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/ corres/pdf/133214p.pdf; cf. Dep't of Defense
Instr. 5505.8, Investigations of Sexual Misconduct by the Defense Criminal
Investigative Organizations and Other DoD Law Enforcement Organizations, at §§
4, 6, & encl. 2 (2005), available at http://www.dtic.mil/whs/
directives/corres/pdf/i55058 012405/i55058p.pdf. The "Don't Ask, Don't Tell"
concept announced by Clinton on July 19, 1993, formed the basis for
congressional testimony by Defense Department officials, and for enforcement
regulations announced on December 22, 1993, with DoD News Release No. 605-93,
available at http://www.sldn.org/binary-data/SLDN ARTICLES/pdf file/1100.pdf.





n418.  Steve Helber, Photo, Associated Press, May 11, 1993.





n419.  Richard A. Ryan, Senators Take Gay Battle to Sea, Detroit News, May 11,
1993, at 1A.; Rowan Scarborough, Witnesses Detail Risks of Lifting Ban, Wash.
Times, Mar. 30, 1993, at A1.





n420.  See Rowan Scarborough, Furor Grows Over Gay-Ban Policy, Wash. Times, June
23, 1993, at A1; Burr, supra note 403, at 56-57. Burr described the concerns of
activist lawyer Chai Feldblum, who tried to achieve a significant (though
limited) step in favor of gays in the military by going along with the original
"compromise" reportedly agreed to by President Clinton and Sen. Sam Nunn. Under
what Burr described as the "Clinton-Nunn political deal," "service members who
stated they were gay would be placed on inactive reserve, stripped of pay and
benefits - essentially given a suspended discharge. (Those found to have had sex
were still expelled under the new terms, which, in Clinton's formulation,
separated homosexual "status' from homosexual "conduct.')" Id. But attorney Chai
Feldblum, an activist with the Campaign for Military Service Coalition, became
"increasingly concerned" about Clinton's ""status versus conduct' distinction,
which the president repeated whenever he was asked about his forthcoming
policy." She and fellow activist Tom Stoddard, who headed the Campaign for
Military Service and met with Clinton at the White House on April 16, 1993,
maintained that the distinction should be "status versus misconduct." They
recognized that Clinton's "status versus conduct" concept was an "artificial
distinction as unworkable as accepting left-handed soldiers while forbidding
them from shooting left-handed." See Burr, supra note 403, at 56-57. Those
opposed to gays in the military recognized the same anomaly.





n421.  See Woodruff, supra note 400, at 144. The Senate Armed Service Committee
conducted hearings on the policy generally on March 29, 31, April 29, May 7, 10,
and 11, 1993. Id. at 144 n.137 (citing Policy Concerning Homosexuality in the
Armed Forces: Hearings Before the S. Comm. on Armed Servs., 103d Cong., 1st
Sess. 255-56 (1993)). Oversight hearings on the Administration's July 19, 1993,
policy were held on July 20, 21, and 22, 1993. Woodruff, supra note 400, at 144
n.137 (citing Policy Concerning Homosexuality in the Armed Forces: Hearings
Before the S. Comm. on Armed Servs., 103d Cong., 1st Sess. 255-56 (1993)).
Oversight hearings in the House were held July 21, 22, and 23, 1993. Woodruff,
supra note 400, at 144 n.137 (citing Assessment of the Plan to lift the Ban on
Homosexuality in the Military: Hearings Before the Mil. Forces & Personnel
Subcomm. of the S. Comm. on Armed Servs., 103d Cong., 1st Sess. (1993)).





n422.  See Woodruff, supra note 400, at 149-50 (citing Policy Concerning
Homosexuality in the Armed Forces: Hearings Before the S. Comm. on Armed Servs.,
103d Cong., 1st Sess. 255-56 (1993); Assessment of the Plan to lift the Ban on
Homosexuality in the Military: Hearings Before the Mil. Forces & Personnel
Subcomm. of the S. Comm. on Armed Servs., 103d Cong., 1st Sess. (1993)).
Senators on both sides of the aisle, including SASC Chairman Sam Nunn (D-Ga.)
and Dan Coats (R-Ind.), expressed concern that the courts would "find
inconsistencies in the policies as written," and interpret them in a way that
would hinder the goal of maintaining military effectiveness and unit cohesion.
Id. at 150.





n423.  Id. (quoting Assessment of the Plan to lift the Ban on Homosexuality in
the Military: Hearings Before the Mil. Forces & Personnel Subcomm. of the S.
Comm. on Armed Servs., 103d Cong., 1st Sess. (1993)) (alteration added).





n424.  Jim Abrams, Associated Press, Nunn, Frank Trade Jabs Over Gays, Detroit
News, May 31, 1993, at 1A; Rick Maze, Frank Talk About Compromise: Gay
Congressman Backs "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" To Avert Gay-Ban Law, Army Times, May
31, 1993, at 8 [hereinafter Maze, Frank Talk About Compromise]. These articles
reported on a version of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," proposed by Rep. Barney Frank
(D-Mass.), which would have drawn a line between "on-base" and "off-base"
behavior. The proposal was seen as a way to provide "political cover" to
Clinton, but gay activists rejected it. Marvin Liebman of the radical group
Queer Nation, for example, said in response, "We will not accept compromise. We
will not tolerate appeasement." See Maze, Frank Talk About Compromise, supra.





n425.  On Sept. 9, 1993, the Senate approved language in the FY 1994 Defense
Authorization bill that codified the homosexual ban, using language almost
identical to that in the Defense Department directive that had been in place
since 1981. See supra note 404 and accompanying text. An amendment offered by
Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-Cal.), which would have allowed the president to decide
policy regarding gays in the military, was defeated on Sept. 9, 1993, on a
bipartisan sixty-three to thirty-three vote. S. amend. 783 to S. 1298, 103d
Cong. (1993). On Sept. 28, the House rejected a similar amendment, sponsored by
Rep. Martin Meehan (D-Mass.) and Rep. Patricia Schroeder (D-Colo.), which would
have stricken the Senate-approved language and expressed the sense that the
issue should be decided by the President and his advisors. H. amend. 315 to H.R.
2401, 103d Cong. (1993). The Meehan/Schroeder amendment was defeated on a
bipartisan roll-call vote, 264 to 169. Id.; see also Rowan Scarborough,
Schroeder, Meehan Hope to Alter Compromise on Gays in Military, Wash. Times,
Sept. 8, 1993, at A4; Rowan Scarborough, Gay-Ban Deal Nearer to Becoming Law,
Wash. Times, Sept. 29, 1993, at A4; Rowan Scarborough, Senators Reaffirm Gay
Ban: Boxer's challenge rejected by 63-33, Wash. Times, Sept. 10, 1993, at A1.





n426.  See National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994, Pub. L. No
103-160, § 571, 107 Stat. 1547, 1670 (1993) (codified at 10 U.S.C. § 654 (2000))
(reprinted infra Appendix A).





n427.  See Dronenberg v. Zech, 741 F.2d 1388 (D.C. Cir. 1984); Ben-Shalom v.
Marsh, 881 F.2d 454 (7th Cir. 1989); see also Scarborough, Senators Reaffirm Gay
Ban, supra note 425.





n428.  See Pub. L. No. 103-160, § 571(d), 107 Stat. at 1673 (reprinted infra
Appendix A).





n429.  Memorandum from Rep. Steve Buyer to Members of the Republican Conference
(Dec. 16, 1999), available at www.cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/buyer121699.pdf.





n430.  S. Rep. No. 103-112, at 284 (1993) (maintaining that it would be
"irrational ... to develop military personnel policies on the basis that all
gays and lesbians will remain celibate").





n431.  H.R.Rep. No. 103-200, at 288 (1993).





n432.  See Memorandum from President Clinton to the Secretary of Defense, supra
note 405.





n433.  See supra note 425 and accompanying text.





n434.  10 U.S.C. § 654(a)(13) (1993). See supra note 425. The New York Times and
The Washington Post stayed uncharacteristically silent on the historic House
vote that occurred on September 28, 1993. A thorough search of contemporaneous
news accounts reveals only two reports on the House vote for Senate-passed
legislation codifying long-standing Defense Department regulations banning
homosexuals from the military. See Michael Ross, House Backs Modified Ban on
Gays in Armed Forces, L.A. Times, Sept. 29, 1993, at A11; Rowan Scarborough,
Gay-Ban Deal Nearer to Becoming Law, Wash. Times, Sept. 29, 1993, at A4. Neither
of these reports quoted key legislative language making it clear that the
statute does not authorize accommodation of homosexuals in accordance with
Clinton's controversial "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" proposal. The only "compromise"
involved was administrative, not substantive, since the law authorizes a
reinstatement of the induction form "question" regarding homosexuality at any
time.





n435.  See supra note 429.





n436.  See 10 U.S.C. § 654 (1993); S. Rep. No. 103-112, at 263-97 (1993); H.R.
Rep. No. 103-200, at 287-90 (1993).





n437.  See supra note 404 and accompanying text.





n438.  Woodruff, supra note 400, at 135-42.





n439.  Id. at 132-33 (citation omitted; alteration added).





n440.  10 U.S.C. § 654(a)(2), (a)(8) (reprinted infra Appendix A).





n441.  Id. § 654(a)(8)(B) (reprinted infra Appendix A).





n442.  Id. § 654(a)(10) (reprinted infra Appendix A).





n443.  Id. § 654(a)(13) (reprinted infra Appendix A) (alteration added).





n444.  See supra note 404 and accompanying text.





n445.  See 10 U.S.C. § 654(b)(2) (reprinted infra Appendix A).





n446.  Woodruff, supra note 400, at 134.





n447.  10 U.S.C. § 654(b)(1)(A)-(D).





n448.  Id. at § 654(a)(11), (12).





n449.  Woodruff, supra note 400, at 153 (citations omitted).





n450.  Id. at. 154-55 (citations omitted; alteration added).





n451.  Pub. L. 103-160, § 571, 107 Stat. 1670 (1993) (codified at 10 U.S.C. §
654 (2000) (reprinted infra Appendix A)).





n452.  See infra note 417 and accompanying text.





n453.  See DoD News Release No. 605-93, supra note 417 (announcing regulations
to "implement the policy that was announced by President Clinton in July";
claiming that the new directives were "fully consistent with the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994").





n454.  Rowan Scarborough, Joint Chiefs Were Muzzled on Gay Policy, Wash. Times,
Jan. 3, 1994, at A1.





n455.  Charles Moskos, Don't Knock "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," Wall St. J., Dec.
16, 1999, at A22 (alteration added).





n456.  See Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.14, supra note 417, at encl. 3 P
E3.A1.1.8.1.1.





n457.  See DoD News Release No. 605-93, supra note 417.





n458.  Woodruff, supra note 400, at 168 n.255.





n459.  See Dep't of Defense Directive No. 1332.14, supra note 417, at encl. 3 P
E3.A1.1.8.1.1.





n460.  See, e.g., Center for Military Readiness, Army Comic Book Misrepresents
Law on Gays in the Military (Jan. 14, 2002),
http://www.cmrlink.org/Hmilitary.asp?docID=112 (describing an Army comic book
titled "Dignity and Respect: A Training Guide on Homosexual Conduct Policy");
Joel P. Engardio, The Adventures of Capt. GayMan, S.F. News Weekly, Aug. 22,
2001, available at
http://www.sfweekly.com/2001-08-22/news/the-adventures-of-capt-gayman/print;
Office of the Chief of Public Affairs, U.S. Army, Questions and Answers About
Army's Policy on Homosexual Conduct, Hot Topics, Winter 2000, at 6, available at
http://www.army.mil/soldiers/HotTopics/winter00.pdf.





n461.  Thomasson v. Perry, 80 F.3d 915 (4th Cir. 1996).





n462.  Id. at 937 (Luttig, J., concurring).





n463.  Id. at 939.





n464.  See 10 U.S.C. § 654 (c)-(d) (2000) (reprinted infra Appendix A).





n465.  Henry Levins, Military Bans Go Far Beyond Gays, St. Louis Post-Dispatch,
Feb. 8, 1993.





n466.  539 U.S. 558 (2003).





n467.  478 U.S. 186 (1986).





n468.  Lawrence, 539 U.S. at 578 ("Bowers was not correct when it was decided,
and it is not correct today. It ought not to remain binding precedent. Bowers v.
Hardwick should be and now is overruled.").





n469.  See id. at 573; Brief of Mary Robinson, Amnesty International U.S.A.,
Human Rights Watch, Interights, the Lawyers Committee for Human Rights, and
Minnesota Advocates for Human Rights as Amici Curiae Supporting Petitioners at
10, Lawrence v. Texas, 539 U.S. 558 (2004) (No. 02-102), 2003 WL 164151.





n470.  See Lustig-Prean and Beckett v. United Kingdom, 29 Euro. Ct. H.R. 548,
587 (1999) (finding that plaintiffs were wrongly discharged "on the grounds of
their homosexuality"); Smith & Grady v. United Kingdom, 29 Eur. H.R. Rep. 493,
523 (1999) (finding that the applicants were denied "respect for their private
lives" when dismissed from military service on the grounds of their
homosexuality).





n471.  Human Rights Watch: Defending Human Rights Worldwide, http://www.hrw.org.
See also Lawrence v. Texas: Constitutional Right to Privacy of Gays and Lesbians
in the United States, July 2, 2003, available at
http://www.hrw.org/press/2003/07/hrw-amicusbrief.htm.





n472.  See Human Rights Watch, Human Rights News, U.S. Military's "Don't Ask,
Don't Tell" Policy Panders to Prejudice (Jan. 23, 2003) [hereinafter Human
Rights Watch News Release], available at
http://www.hrw.org/press/2003/01/us012303.htm; Human Rights Watch, Uniform
Discrimination: The "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" Policy of the U.S. Military 38-45
(Jan. 2003) [hereinafter Human Rights Watch: Uniform Discrimination], available
at http://www.hrw.org/ reports/2003/usa0103/USA0103.pdf.





n473.  See 429 F. Supp. 2d 385 (D. Mass. 2006) (granting government's motion to
dismiss), reh'g denied, 2006 WL 2559766, No. 04-12546-GAO, slip op. at 1 (D.
Mass. Sept. 5, 2006), appeal argued sub nom., Cook v. Gates, No. 06-2313 (1st
Cir. argued Mar. 7, 2007). See also Denise LaVoie, Judge Tosses "Don't Ask,
Don't Tell" Suit, Associated Press, Apr. 12, 2006, available at
http://abcnews.go.com/ US/print?id=1885164; Shelly Murphy, "Don't Ask, Don't
Tell" Suit Dismissed, Boston Globe, Apr. 25, 2006, at B1; Associated Press, Gay
Veterans Challenge "Don't Ask," Air Force Times, Nov. 14, 2006, available at
http://www.airforcetimes.com/print.php?f=1-292925-2356305.php.





n474.  Log Cabin Republicans v. United States, No. 04-08425 (C.D. Cal. Mar.
2006) (dismissing complaint for lack of standing), refiled sub nom, Nicholson v.
United States, No. 04-08425 (C.D. Cal. May 2, 2006). See also Bob Egelko, Suit
Challenging "Don't Ask" Dismissed for Lack of Names, S.F. Chron., Apr. 5, 2006,
at B2.





n475.  Witt v. U.S. Air Force, 444 F. Supp. 2d 1138 (W.D. Wash. 2006), appeal
docketed, No. 06-35644 (9th Cir.). See also Gene Johnson, Associated Press, ACLU
Plans to Appeal Ruling on 19-Year AF Veteran, Seattle Post-Intelligencer (online
ed.), July 27, 2006, http://seattlepi.nwsource.com/ local/278980 suit27.html.





n476.  In Able v. United States, U.S. District Judge Eugene H. Nickerson struck
down both the law and the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy because Justice
Department lawyers failed to justify numerous anomalies in the
policy/enforcement regulations. See Able v. United States, 968 F. Supp. 850,
858-61 (E.D.N.Y. 1997), rev'd, 155 F.3d 628 (2d Cir. 1998). For example, the
lawyers could not explain why the military could say that a certain
characteristic (homosexuality) is unacceptable, but persons may join or stay in
the military as long as they do not say they are homosexual. See 968 F. Supp at
858-61. The Second Circuit Court of Appeals later upheld the law, see 155 F.3d
at 628, but such an outcome is by no means assured in the future. To reduce that
risk, the Clinton Administration's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" regulations,
announced on December 22, 1993, should be administratively dropped.





n477.  H. amend. 316 to H.R. 2401, 103d Cong. (1993) (voting record available at
http://clerk.house.gov/evs/1993/roll460.xml).





n478.  See H.R. 1059, 109th Cong., 1st Sess. (Mar. 2, 2005). See also Deborah
Funk, Lawmaker Pitches Bill to Let Gays Openly Serve, Air Force Times, Mar. 21,
2005.





n479.  H.R. 1246, 110th Cong., 1st Sess. (Feb. 28, 2007). See also Ted McKenna,
"Don't Ask Don't Tell" Repeal Faces Long Odds, PR Week USA, Mar. 2, 2007, at 2.





n480.  H.R. 1059, 109th Cong., 1st Sess. (Mar. 2, 2005) (co-sponsors and status
available at http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/bdquery/z?d109:h.r.01059:).





n481.  See McKenna, supra note 479.





n482.  539 U.S. 558 (2003).





n483.  See Human Rights Watch News Release, supra note 471.





n484.  See, e.g., Joseph A. Slobodzian, Walk-In Test Confirms Military's Gay
Ban, Phila. Inquirer, Aug. 2, 2006, available at
http://calbears.findarticles.com/p/articles/mi kmtpi/is 200608/ ai n16603720.
The "Right to Serve" campaign of Soulforce, located in Lynchburg, Virginia, has
organized visits to recruiting stations by homosexual men or women who say they
want to enlist. See Soulforce, Right to Serve,
http://www.soulforce.org/righttoserve (last visited Apr. 14, 2007). Camera crews
and reporters are invited to witness the contrived events, which consume the
time of recruiters and usually portray them in a negative light.





n485.  See Joe Chenelly, Frontline, Recruiters Stay Away: Protest Prompts Office
Closing, Army Times, May 30, 2005, at 3; Campus Antiwar Network, Open Letter
from to SFSU President Corrigan (Apr. 19, 2006),
http://www.traprockpeace.org/campus antiwar network/index.php/2 006/04/ ("On
Friday, April 14, [2006,] ten SFSU students protested military recruitment at
the university's career fair... . You should be proud of students who will not
condone hate against their peers by a homophobic and sexist military."
(alteration added)).





n486.  See Gay Riders to Challenge "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" at West Point,
Associated Press, Apr. 26, 2006; Kristen Wyatt, Protesters Object to Naval
Academy Policy on Gays, Associated Press, Oct. 21, 2005.





n487.  Center for the Study of Sexual Minorities in the Military, West Pointer
Wins First-Ever Military Award for Challenging Gay Ban (Aug. 9, 2006),
http://www.gaymilitary.ucsb.edu/ PressCenter/press rel 2006 0808.htm; Thesis
Challenges Gay Policy, Associated Press, Aug. 9, 2006; Roger Brigham, West Point
Grad Takes Aim at DADT, Bay Area Reporter (S.F.) (online ed.), Aug. 24, 2006,
http://ebar.com/news/article.php?sec=news&article=1108. The Center for Military
Readiness raised questions about the suitability of this award. Then-Cadet
Raggio had every right to express his opinions, but the paper was thinly sourced
and did not even cite or accurately describe the text of the 1993 law. See CMR
Issues Analysis (Oct. 2006), available at http://cmrlink.org/cmrnotes/
analysisraggiothesis.pdf.





n488.  See Gretchen Parker, Gay Academy Alums to Apply Again for Official
Recognition, Associated Press, Nov. 12, 2004; Molly Knight, OK For Gay Group
Sought: Naval Academy Alumni Resume Efforts for Chapter, Balt. Sun, Nov. 12,
2004, at 1B; Jamie Stiehm, Gay Academy Alumni Seek Anti-Bias Policy: Graduate
Association Board Insists No Such Action Is Needed, Balt. Sun, Nov. 29, 2005, at
5B; see also Gretchen Parker, Naval Alumni Association Rejects Gay Group,
Associated Press, Dec. 2, 2004. Recognition was not granted because affiliate
groups are organized geographically, not by affiliations of gender, race,
service community, or other factors. An affiliated chapter for alumni who live
in recreational vehicles is the exception that proves the rule.





n489.  See infra notes 510-512 and accompanying text.





n490.  John M. Shalikashvili, Op-Ed, Second Thoughts on Gays in the Military,
N.Y. Times, Jan. 2, 2007, at 17.





n491.  Zogby International, Opinions of Military Personnel on Gays in the
Military, Dec. 2006, Submitted to Aaron Belkin, Director, Michael D. Palm Center
[hereinafter Zogby Poll], available at
http://www.zogby.com/news/ReadNews.dbm?ID=1222.





n492.  See id. at 14-15. Responses to this question revealed additional findings
that received little notice:



   Within military subgroups, the highest agreement rates [supporting gays in
the military] were found among Veterans (thirty-five percent) and those having
served less than four years (thirty-seven percent). The lowest acceptance rates
were among Active Duty Personnel (twenty-three percent), officers (twenty-three
percent), those serving between ten and fourteen years (twenty-two percent) and
those serving more than twenty (nineteen percent). Active Duty Personnel were
also among those with the highest disapproval rates (thirty-nine percent), as
were those serving between fifteen and nineteen years (forty percent), those
serving more than twenty (forty-nine percent), and officers (forty-seven
percent).

 Id. at 6 (alteration added).





n493.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-135 (Commissioner
Generated Finding 14) (citing Roper Organization, Inc., Attitudes Regarding the
Assignment of Women in the Armed Forces: The Public Perspective (Sept. 1992)).





n494.  See Robert Hodierne, We Asked What You Think. You Told Us, Navy Times,
Jan. 3, 2005, at 14-15 (citing the section on Race, Gender, Gay, Question 6),
available at http://www.militarycity.com/ polls/2004 chart3.php. Annual Military
Times surveys are done by mailing questionnaires randomly to subscribers to the
affiliated newspapers Air Force Times, Army Times, Navy Times, and Marine Corps
Times. The polls tabulate only responses from active-duty personnel. Results are
published in all four affiliated newspapers.





n495.  See Robert Hodierne, Down on the War, Army Times, Dec. 29, 2006, at
12-14. The Military Times survey was done by mailing questionnaires randomly to
subscribers of affiliated newspapers, but the poll only tabulated responses
(954) from active-duty personnel. Results were published in all four affiliated
newspapers.





n496.  See id. (presenting bar graphs of polling results).





n497.  See Zogby Poll, supra note 491.





n498.  See id. The cover page and news release were titled "Zogby Poll: "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell' Not Working."





n499.  See The Michael D. Palm Center, About Us, http://www.palmcenter.org/about
(last visited May 10, 2007).





n500.  See Zogby Poll, supra note 491, at 2.





n501.  Memorandum from Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz to Secretaries
of the Military Departments et al. (Oct. 18, 2001) (addressing "Operations
Security Throughout the Department of Defense") (on file with author);
Memorandum from Office of the Secretary of Defense, Administration and
Management Director D.O. Cooke to DoD FOIA Offices (Nov. 9, 2001) (addressing
"Withholding of Personally Identifying Information Under the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA)") (on file with author). Zogby International did not
respond to a telephone request from this author for more information on its
selection of survey participants.





n502.  See Zogby Poll, supra note 491, at 2. Zogby's polling sample is somewhat
questionable, but "internal" data in the poll reveals interesting insights on
the question of whether opinions among younger people might make it more
acceptable to accommodate gays in the military. The Zogby poll seems to indicate
that opinions on this issue have more to do with military occupation than they
do with age. Active duty people in the younger and older ranks are more
favorable to the idea, but the ones in the middle age and experience group, who
are more likely to be involved in close combat situations, are more strongly
opposed. It is possible that an objective poll of identified military
personnel?similar to the official survey done by the Roper Organization for the
1992 Presidential Commission on the Assignment of Women in the Armed
Forces?would show similar results. See Zogby Poll, supra note 491, at 14-15; see
also supra note 492.





n503.  See Human Rights Campaign, State Prohibitions on Marriage for Same Sex
Couples 1 (Nov. 2006),
http://www.hrc.org/TemplateRedirect.cfm?Template=/ContentManage ment/Content
Display.cfm&ContentID=28225 (listing twenty-six states that have a
voter-approved constitutional amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage and
nineteen states that have a law prohibiting same-sex marriage). To date, Arizona
is the only state in which voters have repudiated an attempt to amend a state
constitution to ban same-sex civil marriage. See CNN.com, America Votes 2006,
Key Ballot Measures, http://www.cnn.com/
ELECTION/2006/pages/results/ballot.measures/ (reporting on the failure of
Arizona Proposition 107 on November 7, 2006).





n504.  John Henren, Ban on Gays in Military Assailed, L.A. Times, Feb. 25, 2005,
at A24; Josh White, "Don't Ask" Costs More Than Expected, Wash. Post, Feb. 14,
2006, at A04; John Files, Military's Discharges for Being Gay Rose in '05, N.Y.
Times, Aug. 15, 2006, at A17.





n505.  See generally Gov't Accountability Office, Military Personnel: Financial
Costs and Loss of Critical Skills Due to DOD's Homosexual Conduct Policy Cannot
Be Completely Estimated (Feb. 2005) [hereinafter GAO, Financial Costs Cannot Be
Estimated], available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d05299.pdf.





n506.  Id. at 3.





n507.  Memorandum from Dr. David Chu, Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel &
Readiness, to Derek Stewart, Director of Defense Capabilities and Management at
the GAO (Feb. 7, 2005), reprinted in GAO, Financial Costs Cannot Be Estimated,
supra note 505, at 42-43.





n508.  Chu, supra note 507.





n509.  GAO, Financial Costs Cannot Be Estimated, supra note 505, at 42.





n510.  Frank J. Barrett et al., The Palm Center, Financial Analysis of "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell": How Much Does the Gay Ban Cost?, at 1, 3 (Feb. 2006),
available at http://www.palmcenter.
org/files/active/0/2006-FebBlueRibbonFinalRpt.pdf. In addition to Prof. Belkin,
this non-governmentally authorized, private group includes Lawrence Korb, Adm.
John D. Hutson, USN (Ret.), and other activists supporting repeal of the law
regarding homosexual conduct in the military. The report also acknowledges
receiving help from the offices of Rep. Marty Meehan (D-Mass.) and Sen. Frank
Lautenberg (D-N.J.), sponsors of legislation to repeal the 1993 law.





n511.  Id. at 2.





n512.  Id. at 3.





n513.  Letter from David M. Walker, Comptroller General of the United States, to
Sen. Edward Kennedy (July 13, 2006), available at
http://www.gao.gov/htext/d06909r.html.





n514.  Associated Press, "Don't Ask" Dismissals Drop in Wartime, Wash. Post,
Mar. 24, 2004, at A22; Evelyn Nieves & Ann Scott Tyson, Fewer Gays Being
Discharged Since 9/11, Wash. Post, Feb. 12, 2005, at A01.





n515.  Congressional Research Service, Homosexuals and U.S. Military Policy:
Current Issues 9-10 (May 27, 2005) (citations omitted; alteration added),
available at http://www.fas.org/ sgp/crs/natsec/RL30113.pdf.





n516.  The Michael D. Palm Center, Researchers Locate Army Document Ordering
Commanders Not to Fire Gays (Sept. 13, 2005), available at
http://www.palmcenter.org/press/dadt/releases/ researchers locate army document
ordering commanders not to fir e gays; The Michael D. Palm Center, Pentagon
Acknowledges Sending Openly Gay Service Members to War (Sept. 23, 2005),
available at http://www.palmcenter.org/press/dadt/releases/pentagon ack
nowledges sending openly gay service members to war acknowledgement follows
disco very of regulat.





n517.  E-mail correspondence from Major Nate Flegler, Chief, Media Division,
FORSCOM Public Affairs, to author (Nov. 15, 2005) (on file with author).



   When a Guard or Reserve unit is mobilized to active duty, Forces Command
Regulation 500-3-3... identifies 35 different criteria that may prevent a
Soldier from deploying with his or her unit. Examples include being overweight,
facing criminal prosecution, or medical problems... . Should a Soldier declare
him or herself homosexual, a process defined not by FORMDEPS but by other
regulations is begun to determine the veracity of the assertion and whether the
assertion constitutes grounds to discharge the Soldier from military service.
This process can last eight to ten weeks... . While our spokesman may have been
accurately quoted as saying, "they still have to go to war and the homosexual
issue is postponed until they return to the U.S. and the unit is demobilized,"
we wish to clarify that the Soldier's case is not postponed until the unit
returns. The review process continues while the unit is deployed and there is no
delay in resolving the matter or discharging the Soldier if that is the
resolution.

 Id.





n518.  See Nathaniel Frank, "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" v. the War on Terrorism, New
Republic, Nov. 18, 2002, at 18; Op-Ed, Alistair Gamble, A Military at War Needs
Its Gay Soldiers, N.Y. Times, Nov. 29, 2002.





n519.  See Frank, supra note 518.





n520.  On December 11, 2002, the Center for Military Readiness filed a formal
Request for Assistance with the Army Inspector General, asking for an
investigation of this waste of educational resources by authorities at DLI. No
response was received. A subsequent Freedom of Information (FOIA) request, which
did not ask for individual information, was addressed in a letter to the DoD
Inspector General on November 17, 2003. The FOIA request was initially denied
and later "answered" with largely blank pages marked with FOIA exemption code
"(b)(7)(c)." That code is used when government officials refuse to confirm or
deny that disciplinary proceedings have taken place.





n521.  Vince Crawley, Hundreds of Discharged Gays Served in Critical
Specialties, Air Force Times, June 12, 2004, available at
http://docs.newsbank.com/openurl?ctx ver=z39.88-2004&rft id=info:sid/
iw.newsbank.com:AFNB:AFTB&rft val format=info:ofi/fmt:kev:m tx:ctx&rft
dat=103F530765572C3E&svc dat=InfoWeb:aggrega ted4&req dat=0F56A02D68496F45 See
also Kim Curtis, Report: Number of Gay Linguists Discharged Higher than Thought,
Associated Press, Jan. 13, 2005.





n522.  Defense Manpower Data Center, tables titled "Separations Due to
Homosexual Conduct, FY 1998-2003," and "Duty Base Facility Identifier, (FY
1998-2003)" (on file with author).





n523.  See id.





n524.  See id.





n525.  Id.





n526.  See, e.g., Mackubin Thomas Owens, Ask, Tell, Whatever?:
Gays-in-the-Military Comes Up Again, Nat'l Rev., Apr. 16, 2007; Debra Saunders,
Don't Ask,Don't Tell for the Devout, Wash. Times, Mar. 17, 2007, at A13.





n527.  GAO, Financial Costs Cannot Be Estimated, supra note 505, at 21.





n528.  Gary J. Gates, The Urban Institute, Gay Men and Lesbians in the U.S.
Military: Estimates from Census 2000, at iii (2004), available at
http://www.urban.org/UploadedPDF/ 411069 GayLesbianMilitary.pdf.





n529.  See Joanne Kimberlin, Study Finds 65,000 Gay Men, Women in the Military,
Virginian-Pilot, Oct. 21, 2004, at A10; Denise M. Bonilla, Don't Ask, Don't
Tell: A Policy Under Fire, Newsday, Aug. 6, 2006, at G05.





n530.  See Deb Price, UCLA Researcher Mines Data to Make Gays Visible, Detroit
News, Apr. 2, 2007, at 13A. In this article, self-identified gay columnist Deb
Price praises Gary J. Gates, now affiliated with the progressive Williams
Institute at the University of California at Los Angeles, for producing "solid
numbers" that will help persuade Congress to lift the ban on homosexuals in the
military. The public relations strategy at work here may be a reflection of what
is known about surveys of public opinion. People are more likely to favor a
policy if they think it is already in place. See supra note 493.





n531.  GAO, Financial Costs Cannot Be Estimated, supra note 505, at 1-4. The
report, which includes many caveats, concedes that "the census does not ask any
questions about sexual orientation, sexual behavior, or sexual attraction (three
common ways used to identify gay men and lesbians in surveys)." Id. at 1.





n532.  Id. at 3.





n533.  Id. at 1-4.





n534.  Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness,
Report to the Secretary of Defense, Review of the Effectiveness of the
Application and Enforcement of the Department's Policy on Homosexual Conduct in
the Military 6 (Apr. 1998) [hereinafter DoD Task Force Report 1998, available at
http://dont.stanford.edu/casestudy/appendixG short.pdf; Dep't of Defense News
Release, No. 158-98 (Apr. 7, 1998).





n535.  DoD Task Force Report 1998, supra note 534.





n536.  Jane McHugh, Murder in the Barracks, Army Times, Aug. 23, 1999, at 12;
Jane McHugh, Second Soldier Implicated in Possible Hate Crime, Army Times, Aug.
2, 1999, at 8.





n537.  See Dep't of Defense News Release No. 432-00, Department of Defense
Issues Anti-Harassment Guidelines (July 21, 2000); Tom Ricks, Pentagon Vows to
Enforce "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," Wash. Post, July 22, 2000, at 1A (quoting Carol
Battiste, head of a Pentagon panel set up to review the seven year-old "Don't
Ask, Don't Tell" policy in 2000). Battiste said that military leaders face a
"dilemma" when they try to counter discrimination against homosexuals, who
cannot identify themselves. Id. Ricks added, "One reason the military
establishment continues to be uncomfortable with "Don't Ask, Don't Tell' is that
it is a policy that is purposely ambiguous, while military culture tends to
value clarity." Id. Actually, a policy that encourages deception is not workable
in any institution. This is one of the reasons why members of Congress did not
vote for the proposal known as "Don't Ask, Don't Tell." Instead of wringing
their hands about "ambiguity" and "dilemmas," Pentagon officials should scrap
the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" regulations and issue informational materials that
reflect the clarity of the law.





n538.  Id.





n539.  See David France, An Inconvenient Woman, N.Y. Times Mag., May 28, 2000,
available at http://www1.nytimes.com/library/magazine/home/index.html; Brian
Dunn, Private Confessed to "Gay Bash" Slaying, Inmate Says, Army Times, Sept.
13, 1999, at 16.





n540.  Jane McHugh, 1st Sgt. Faulted in report on Gay Beating Death, Army Times,
July 31, 2000, at 8. This article reported on the Army Inspector General's
Investigation of the July 1999 beating death of Army Pfc. Barry Winchell. The
report found that the command environment at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, was
generally positive, but the unit in which the killing occurred suffered from
poor morale and a tolerance for underage drinking - a major factor in the case.
According to The Army Times, the report also found that commanders were
frustrated and confused by the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy. Id.



   [Some were] afraid to violate military law by retaining soldiers who admit
homosexuality. But they are also afraid that some of these soldiers might be
saying they are gay just to get out of the Army. Either way, commanders are
reluctant to investigate. They fear that looking into the matter would only hurt
unit and soldier morale.

 Id. (alteration added).





n541.  Fort Eustis Drill Sergeant Faces Charges of Molesting Trainees,
Associated Press, Mar. 4, 2007. Sgt. Estrada pleaded guilty to the charges at
his court-martial on April 23, 2007, to three counts of mistreating soldiers, as
well as to violating regulations not to develop relationships with subordinates.
Associated Press, Sgt. Pleads Guilty to Sexually Harassing Trainees, Army Times,
May 7, 2007, at 45. He faces six months in prison, a bad-conduct discharge and
reduction in rank. Id.





n542.  See Captain Sentenced to 50 Years for Raping 4 Men, Air Force Times, Mar.
12, 2007, at 15; Officer Accused of Rape Says He Rejected Alleged Victim, Air
Force Times, Mar. 5, 2007, available at
http://buzztracker.org/2005//01/19/cache/441692.html. The March 5 article,
reported from Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, reported that in a video of an
interview with Taylor, shown during his February 22 court-martial, an Air Force
Office of Special Investigations investigator told Taylor, "[It] doesn't concern
me if it (the sexual encounter) was consensual ... I'm not allowed to talk about
your preferences. That has nothing to do with your military career as far as the
people who do my job are concerned." Id. (alteration added). This was an
astonishing statement for the investigator to have made, particularly in view of
Capt. Taylor's convictions for raping four men.





n543.  See Aaron Belkin, Don't Ask, Don't Tell: Is the Gay Ban Based on Military
Necessity?, Parameters (U.S. Army War Coll. Q.), Summer 2003, at 108-19.





n544.  See Lustig-Prean and Beckett v. United Kingdom, 29 Euro. Ct. H.R. 548,
587 (1999); Human Rights Watch: Uniform Discrimination, supra note 472, at 38;
Delight and Despair at Gay Ban Ruling, BBC News, Sept. 27, 1999,
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk news/458842.stm (reporting that the ruling of the
European Court of Human Rights was "not binding on the UK Government").





n545.  See, e.g., BBC News, Deepcut Army Sex Attacker Jailed, Oct. 22, 2004,
http://news.bbc.co.uk/ 1/hi/england/southern counties/3634474.stm; Nicholas
Hellen, Navy Signals for Help to Recruit Gay Sailors, TimesOnLine (London), Feb.
20, 2005, http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/uk/ article516647.ece; Tony
Czuczka, Associated Press, British Soldier Admits to Assault on Captive, Wash.
Times, Jan. 19, 2005, available at
http://www.buzztracker.org/2005//01/19/cache/441692.html; Michael Evans, War
Blamed as 6,000 Quit Territorial Army, Times (London), Oct. 30, 2005, at 2;
Michael Evans, Iraq Factor Takes Toll on the TA, Times (London), Oct. 31, 2005,
at 8. The reported abuse of male Iraqi soldiers with a forklift involved forced
sexual acts, but details are not known because of court-ordered gag orders.





n546.  See, e.g., Kate Monaghan, Dutch Political Party Wants to Normalize
Pedophilia, CNSNews.com, July 26, 2006,
http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewSpecialReports.asp?Page=/SpecialRepo rts/archive/
200607/SPE20060726a.html.





n547.  See, e.g., Otto Kreisher, Few Armies Accept Homosexuals, Sacramento
Union, June 7, 1993, at A5.





n548.  See Tom Philpott, In Israel: The Hard Reality - Gays Are Allowed to Serve
in the Military but They Are Not Fully Accepted, Army Times, Jan. 11, 1993, at
11; Tom Philpott, Gay Israelis Avoid Ridicule, Get Ahead by Staying in Closet,
Army Times, Jan. 11, 1993, at 13; Charles Moskos, Services Will Suffer If Used
for Social Experiments, Richmond-Times Dispatch, Feb. 28, 1993, at F1.





n549.  Joseph A. Craft, Letter to the Editor, Legitimate Debate or Gay
Propaganda?, Parameters (U.S. Army War Coll. Q.), June 22, 2004, at 132.





n550.  Id.





n551.  See, e.g., Aamer Madhani, Top General Calls Homosexuality "Immoral," Chi.
Trib., Mar. 12, 2007, at 1; Group Wants Gen. Pace Apology for Calling Gays
"Immoral," Associated Press, Mar. 13, 2007; Editorial, Old Prejudice Dishonors
New Military Generation, USA Today, Mar. 14, 2007, at 10A; Elaine Donnelly, Gen.
Pace vs. PC Police, Wash. Times, Mar. 18, 2007, at B3.





n552.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-131 (Finding 4.24);
Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force Responses to DACOWITS (Spring 2001) (on
file with author). See also Defense Data Manpower Center and Service's Human
Resource Staffs and Commands, Annual Report on Status of Female Members of the
Armed Forces of the United States, FY 2002-2005, available at
http://www.dtic.mil/dacowits/docs/feb2006/statusofwomenfinal 05 .doc (last
visited Apr. 21, 2007).





n553.  On the Record (Fox News Broadcast Mar. 1-3, 2006).





n554.  Melinda Wilson, Belle Isle Bridge Death Was Murder, Jury Says, Detroit
News, Apr. 30, 1996, at 1A.





n555.  Id.





n556.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-127 (Finding 4.13).
The commission established that different assignment policies?allowing women the
option of volunteering for close combat but not the burden of being
involuntarily assigned?would have a deleterious effect on morale.





n557.  Pamela Martineau & Steve Weigand, A Dad Soldiers On, Sacramento Bee, Mar.
9, 2005, available at http://dwb.sacbee.com/content/news/projects/women at
war/story/ 12533035p-13388315c.html. An accompanying photo by Renee C. Byer
shows 2nd Lt. Emily Morris in training at Fort Lewis, Washington. Lt. Morris is
trying to break away from her instructor, Sgt. Keith Chesser, who has her pinned
to a mat with his large hand throttling her neck. Id.





n558.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-45-46 (Findings
1.48-1.50) (referencing SERE trainers' testimony before the Commission on June
8, 1992) (alteration added).





n559.  Kate O'Beirne, Women Who Make the World Worse and How Their Radical
Feminist Assault is Ruining Our Schools, Families, Military, and Sports 119-20
(2006) (alteration added). Mrs. O'Beirne is the Washington Editor of National
Review.





n560.  Duke Selwyn, The New Chivalry, AmericanThinker.com, Jan. 5, 2006,
http://www. americanthinker.com/2006/01/the new chivalry.html.



   So, the great white knight of chivalry is supposed to be dead, slain by the
feminist dragon of androgyny... . You see, while [the] old chivalry's habitat
has been denuded, relegating it to a few pristine bastions of traditionalism, it
has not left a void. It has been replaced. Replaced by a new chivalry ... . Like
the old chivalry, the new version involves social codes and social pressure to
enforce them, but also much, much more. The new chivalry has also been written
into law; it is embodied by affirmative-action and set aside programs that favor
women, and by legislation such as the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA), which
now serves as a vehicle through which to empower and fund feminist groups.

 Id. (alteration added).





n561.  While misogyny or women hating is politically incorrect, misandry or men
hating is socially acceptable. American Enterprise Institute scholar Christina
Hoff Sommers notes that "gender feminists" relentlessly portray women as
"victims" by frequently concocting evidence that cannot stand up to scrutiny.
See Christina Hoff Sommers, Who Stole Feminism? 11-25 (1994).





n562.  See Defense Task Force Report, supra note 10, at 11-19, 27. The Task
Force Report recited a long list of officials and institutions that are
available for the support of (alleged) victims of sexual harassment or assault.
At all three military service academies, these include chaplains,
psycho-therapists, medical staff and family support counselors, military and
civilian "victim advocates," volunteer crisis support organizations and offices
with various names, judge advocates who provide counsel and prosecutors on
campus, associated civilian hospitals and law enforcement agencies, academy
boards of visitors and superintendents, plus numerous Defense Department
officials charged to enforce DoD directives guaranteeing numerous rights to
persons deciding to pursue legal remedies.





n563.  See Thomas, supra note 58; Kris Axtman, Guard Recruiters Try Realism and
Succeed, Christian Sci. Monitor, Apr. 12, 2006, at 1 (reporting on a
seventeen-year girl who tells a recruiter: ""I don't want to do the military
thing. I don't want to be trained or none of that.' ... "I just want to go to
college.'" When the recruiter assured her that she "won't be on the front lines
because women are not allowed in combat positions," the girl said, ""OK, I want
to go. I'm ready.'").





n564.  See also E-mail and telephone correspondence from Pfc. Stephanie Filus
and her father to author (Jan. 2005-June 2006) (on file with author). Spec.
Filus had served as an Army light wheeled vehicle mechanic for twelve years, but
she had no desire to be placed in or near direct ground combat. Recruiters had
assured her that that would never happen. But in December 2004, officers of the
101st Airborne at Fort Campbell, Kentucky, told Filus and several other female
soldiers that their next deployment would involve placement in a forward support
company (FSC), with an infantry company headed to Iraq. The local officers
assured the female soldiers that they would be "assigned" to a support unit at
the brigade level, so nothing would change. Filus was aware, however, that the
FSC would be physically attached and collocated with an infantry maneuver
battalion, despite the collocation rule. Her attempts to obtain a discharge
prior to that deployment were denied, and she was sent to Fort Polk, Lousiana,
for pre-deployment training. Filus finally obtained her discharge from the Army
in May 2005, but only after she took the desperate and dangerous step of
attempting suicide with pills in front of the commanding officer at Fort Polk.





n565.  See Cathy Booth Thomas, Taken by Surprise: This Single Mom Joined the
Army to be a Cook. How Did She Become a POW?, Time, Apr. 7, 2003, at 64; Axtman,
supra note 563.





n566.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-45 (Finding 1.50
(referencing June 8, 1992, testimony of SERE trainers regarding heightened
sensitivity of men when women are subjected to simulated abuse)); id. at C-46
(Finding 1.51 (also referencing testimony of SERE trainers, who said that there
was no sexual abuse of male U.S. POWs substantiated from the Vietnam conflict
forward)).





n567.  Id. at C-45-C-46 (Findings 1.50-1.51); id. at 103 (Trip Report Summary of
Commissioner Elaine Donnelly). During her two-day trip to Fairchild AFB,
Washington, August 9-11, 1992, Donnelly talked to instructors about their
realistic "rape scenario," in which male trainees are taught to manage more
intense feelings when a female colleague is threatened with sexual assault or
worse, so that enemy captors cannot exploit those emotions. Donnelly described
parts of the SERE training that she saw at Fairchild Air Force Base during her
visit:



   Without knowing what to expect, I found myself locked in a cramped black box
that was both physically and psychologically uncomfortable. I also participated
in and witnessed interrogation exercises designed to suggest but not duplicate
the physical and emotional stress of being a POW. As the night wore on, a sense
of cultural dissonance began to overcome the camp's logic of equality in the
simulation of brutality.




   A woman I watched being interrogated was very capable, but she was totally in
the power of a man much stronger than she. What I saw was an unmistakable
element of inequality that - in the opinion of many Commission witnesses -
cannot be overcome by peacetime training programs or psychological techniques.
As the interrogation continued, it was easy to visualize the possibility of
sexual abuse as well as physical harm at the hands of a menacing enemy. For
reasons of survival, the SERE training for aircrew members makes sense... .
However, the politically-correct unisex nature of the resistance training is
very seductive; it is easy to become "desensitized," meaning accustomed, to the
idea that men and women are interchangeable equals in a world of torture and
abuse. The SERE trainers asserted that the entire nation must prepare itself for
this very real possibility if women are assigned to combat positions.

 Id. See also id. at C-46 (Finding 1.51 (finding that there was no sexual abuse
substantiated of male U.S. POWs from the Vietnam conflict to the time of the
panel's inquiry)).





n568.  P.C. Vey, Let's just sit tight till the cultural amnesia sets in., New
Yorker, Oct. 14, 2002 (cartoon), available at http://www.cartoonbank.com/product
details.asp?sitetype=1 &sid=52827.





n569.  In the aftermath of Abu Ghraib, there were reports that Iraqi insurgents,
enraged by photos from Abu Ghraib, wanted to kidnap and kill an American woman
for purposes of revenge. Rowan Scarborough, Zarqawi Targets Female Soldiers,
Wash. Times, July 1, 2004, at A01.





n570.  Chris A. Courogen, She "Died in His Arms," Patriot News (Harrisburg,
Penn.), Dec. 16, 2003, at A01; David Zucchino, Equal Right to Fight, L.A. Times,
Apr. 10, 2004, at A1. On December 13, 2003, a male soldier escorted Staff Sgt.
Voelz, an explosive ordnance disposal expert, to disarm a device taped to an
electrical tower. When the bomb exploded, shrapnel ripped her body, nearly
severing her left arm and lower leg. Her husband, a soldier also on duty nearby
in Iraq, rushed to her side, and she died in his arms. As of May 2007, more than
seventy-five American military women have been killed in Afghanistan, Iraq, and
Kuwait. See Center for Military Readiness, Grim Toll of Military Women Lost in
War (Feb. 27, 2007), http://www.cmrlink.org/printfriendly.asp? docID=288.





n571.  Thomas Harding, Outrage as Two Female Soldiers Die in Basra, Telegraph
(London), Apr. 6, 2007, available at
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2007/04/06 /wireaq 06.xml.





n572.  Id.





n573.  Id.





n574.  Id.





n575.  Id.





n576.  Id.





n577.  Charles C. Moskos & Laura Miller, 1992 Survey on Gender in the Military,
Aug. 28, 1992, presented to the Presidential Commission by Moskos and Miller on
Sept. 10, 1992 (transcript on file with author). See also Kathleen Parker,
Separate the Genders During War?, Jewish World Rev., Mar. 28, 2007, available at
http://www.jewishworldreview.com/kathleen/parker032807.php3? printer friendly
(describing the simmering resentment of women among some men in the military,
which results when they are forced to pretend that women are or should be
"equals" in combat). Cf. Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-114
(Findings 3.31, 3.32).





n578.  See Moskos & Miller, supra note 577.





n579.  Id. Ms. (now Dr.) Miller commented that some men said, "Well, yeah, I'm
for women in combat. Let them fall on their faces." Id. When asked to explain
further she added,



   [The egalitarian sexists] said those comments directly. Let them go out there
and see how hard it is and then they won't want to be in combat; that it's just
a principle, they are just complaining on the principle. They don't really want
to do it, so if you just open it up then we won't have to deal with the issue.
They'll get themselves killed and we won't have to hear from those women
anymore... . It's also a sort of treatment of like a third gender of Army women.
I mean, they say, "Oh, those aren't real women," and they talk about them in
different terms, so it's not like they're really sacrificing women in that case.
They still have, you know, this sense of traditional women elsewhere and that
those are women to be gotten rid of.

 Id. (alteration added). Prof. Moskos estimated, subjectively, that about
one-third to one-half of male respondents favoring women in combat shared this
view. Id.





n580.  Letter from W. Edward Chynoweth to author (July 14, 2005) (on file with
author) (alteration added). Mr. Chynoweth graduated from the United States
Military Academy at West Point in 1946 and earned graduate degrees from the
University of California at Berkeley and Stanford University.





n581.  Kathleen Parker, The Mother of All Blunders, Wash. Post, April 7, 2007,
at A13 (alteration added).





n582.  See Kenneth R. Weiss, Navy Gets 2-Year Exemption to Sonar Limits, L.A.
Times, Jan. 24, 2007, at A21; Editorial, Degrading Our Military, Forbes, Sept.
15, 2003, at 25; Marc Kaufman, Sonar Used Before Whales Hit Shore, Wash. Post,
Aug. 31, 2004; Marc Kaufman, Whale Stranding in N.C. Followed Navy Sonar Use,
Wash. Post, Jan. 28, 2005, at A03.





n583.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-117 (Finding 3.39).
The smaller Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services (DACOWITS),
established with a new charter in 2002, has produced several reports that deal
with family issues, but has not followed up on research available. In its 2004
Report, for example, DACOWITS made reference to "studies [that] have found a
significant negative relationship between deployment-related parental absence
and one or more aspects of children's well-being." See Report of the DACOWITS
32-33 (2004) [hereinafter DACOWITS 2004 Report] (referencing Michelle L. Kelly,
The Effects of Deployment on Traditional and Nontraditional Military Families:
Navy Mothers and Their Children, in Military Brats and Other Global Nomads:
Growing up in Organizational Families (M.G. Ender ed., 2002) (finding that
"about 12 percent of children of deployed mothers exhibited internalizing
behavior scores in the clinical range, compared to 1 percent of children of
non-deployed mothers." (alteration added))) (alteration added). The DACOWITS
made several recommendations for reducing the impact of long-term separation on
children, but the committee apparently has not pursued those proposals. See
DACOWITS 2004 Report, supra, at 76-77.





n584.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-118 (Finding 3.43).



   Child development experts agree that the psychological and emotional effects
of parental separation on young children is [sic] greatly increased when there
is a risk of death in war. Their research demonstrated that separation from the
primary caregiver (mother or father, mother in particular) greatly reduces a
child's feelings of security. An infant/toddler who does not have a secure
attachment is less likely to explore his/her surroundings and relate to others.
The mother is most often cited by experts as the preferred and most critical
parent for childcare. After prolonged and/or repeated separations, attachment
theory research showed that children tended to be more depressed and anxious,
and less willing to re-attach to the parent upon reunion.

 Id.





n585.  Testimony of Dr. Jay Belsky, Penn State University, Before the
Presidential Commission (June 9, 1992) ("We have this new emergency language of
child development. All we hear about is their resilience. Lost is a language of
vulnerability. And I contend to you, every time you hear resilience spoken, you
will hear simultaneously, really, a driving motivation, which is an adult's
career development.") (on file with author). See also Presidential Commission
Report, supra note 5, at 55-56 (Issue H: Parental and Family Policies,
Alternative Views).





n586.  See, e.g., Donna St. George, Yearning to be Whole Again, Wash. Post, Nov.
24, 2006, at A01 (describing the effects of war on a single mother soldier and
her family); Pamela Martineau & Steve Wiegand, Scarred Survivors, Sacramento
Bee, Mar. 8, 2005, available at http://www.truthout.org/ docs docs
2006/112406X.shtml. Pamela Martineau & Steve Weigand, A Dad Soldiers On,
Sacramento Bee, Mar. 9, 2005 (describing what happened when Lt. Emily Morris's
soldier husband was called up for duty at the same time that she was - their
six-year-old son, Julian, threw all of his toys out of his bedroom, and hung a
sign on the door reading "No dog, no toys, no aunt, no mom, no dad."), available
at http://www.sacbee.com/content/news/pprojectrs/women at war/v-print/
story/12528269p-13383679c.html; Shia Kapos, Internal Wars: Family Separation
Adds Another Layer of Stress for Women Serving in the Military, Chi. Trib., May
26, 2004, at C1.





n587.  Quarterly Data Collection on Non-Deployables, DAPE-MPE (Dec. 15, 2002)
(quoting Dr. Betty D. Maxfield, Chief, Army Demographics Office, G-1, Q.6) ("In
FY 02, 36,531 Soldiers are single with children. Of that number, 26,495 are male
(or 72.5% of total) and 10,036 are female (or 27.5% of total). The latter figure
is disproportionate to the number of women in the Army.") (on file with author).
See also Sandy Davis, Single Mom Has Right Stuff for U.S. Army, Ark. Democrat
Gazette, June 23, 2001, at 1A; Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at
C-116 (Finding 3.35).





n588.  National Guard units used to serve primarily within the borders of
individual states, but in the early 1990s, Guard missions were expanded to
include overseas deployments in combat zones. The Army's liberal policy of
inducting single parents drew national attention in 2003, when Spec. Simone
Holcomb, an Army National Guard medic and mother of seven children in a
"blended" family, was called to duty in Iraq at the same time as her Army
husband. See, e.g., Associated Press, Army Medic, Mom Faces Punishment: Carson
Soldier Refuses to Leave 7 Kids, Colo. Springs Gazette, Nov. 6, 2003, at 1. The
problem actually began years earlier when the Guard recruited Holcomb as a
single mother of three or possibly five children - the exact number is not known
due to military privacy rules. For the same reason, the ages of the children
could not be revealed.





n589.  Allan Carlson, The Howard Center for Family, Religion & Society, Families
and War: Two Cautionary Tales, 16 Family Am. 2 (Oct. 2002).





n590.  Id. at 3. According to Dr. Carlson, direct and indirect military
expenditures for child care tripled in the decade prior to 2002. Id. He added,
"Although military people are more likely to be married than others in their age
group, young service couples are 64% more likely to be divorced by age 24 than
comparable civilian couples." Id.





n591.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-96 (Finding 2.6.3C).





n592.  For a summary of the tale of Rumpelstiltskin, see
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Rumpelstiltskin (last visited Apr. 21, 2007).





n593.  During the first Persian Gulf War, many dependent care plans fell apart,
forcing many soldiers to leave their children behind in makeshift care
arrangements. Sen. John Heinz (D-Penn.) and other members of Congress sponsored
"Gulf Orphan" bills, which would have allowed one parent in military couples and
single parents to exempt themselves from combat voluntarily. See, e.g., S. 325,
102d Cong. (1991). The Senate voted against the bill and instead passed a
non-binding resolution sponsored by Sen. John Glenn (D-Ohio) calling for the
Pentagon to develop consistent regulations regarding military couples, single
parents and newborn children. S. amend. 7 to S. 320, 102d Cong. (1991); see also
Helen Dewar, Senate, Yielding to Pentagon, Rejects Parent Exemption Plan, Wash.
Post, Feb. 21, 1991, at A27. The Presidential Commission recognized, however,
that changes in family policies should be implemented long before a major war
begins. Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-134-C-135 (Findings
10-13); id. at 15-18 (Issue H: Parental and Family Policies, Recommendations);
id. at 54-56 (Issue H: Parental and Family Policies, Alternative Views).





n594.  Robert Burns, Rumsfeld Bids Farewell to Pentagon, Associated Press, Dec.
8, 2006.





n595.  James Webb, The War on Military Culture, Weekly Standard, Jan. 20, 1997,
at 17.





n596.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at C-71, C-78 (Findings
2.1.5, 2.4.1A).





n597.  Peter Steiner, It's agreed then. We will reduce the physical requirements
of warfare so that women may participate., Wash. Times, Sept. 25, 1996. During
the 2000 presidential campaign, the American Legion magazine asked then-Texas
Gov. George W. Bush about his views on co-ed basic training. Candidate Bush
replied, "The experts tell me, such as Condoleezza Rice, [formerly a member of
the Kassebaum-Baker Commission] that we ought to have separate basic training
facilities." Bill Gertz & Rowan Scarborough, Inside the Ring, Wash. Times, Jan.
31, 2003, at A7 (alteration added).





n598.  E-mail from senior Marine officer serving in Iraq to author (July 20,
2005) (on file with author).





n599.  See National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994, Pub. L. No
103-160, § 543(a)(1),(3), 107 Stat. 1547, 1660 (1993).





n600.  This term was first used by Marine Staff Sgt. Charlotte Crouch. See
Charlotte Crouch, "Fem Fear" Widening the Corps' Gender Gap, Navy Times, Sept.
30, 1996, at 29.





n601.  Confidential personal conversations between individuals at the Pentagon
and author (Summer 2004).





n602.  E-mail from ground-combat soldier to author (Dec. 11, 2006) (on file with
author). The soldier wrote that a forward support company (FSC) associated with
his former unit was "totally [gender-]integrated," resulting in two pregnancies
for the first time in the history of the battalion. Id. (alteration added). See
also E-mail from ground combat solider to author (Dec. 9, 2006) (on file with
author).



   On another note, the line between the FSC and our battalion has completely
broken down. Females from the FSC's are being attached to all male infantry and
armor companies with no regard whatsoever. Interestingly, this same FSC is now
having its [rank omitted] and one of its senior NCO's fired over sexual
misconduct. This is a pretty tremendous shock for a company and it will
definitely shake, if not ruin, the confidence in the company's chain of command
for the foreseeable future... . Those of us who are combat arms officers are not
envious of the FSC commander's job who has to hold his company together after
his [rank omitted] has been taken down.

 Id. (alterations added).





n603.  Jontz & Dougherty, supra note 143; Tyson, For Female GIs, Combat Is a
Fact, supra note 122 (describing the actions of Lt. Col. Cheri Provancha, who
decided to "bend" (actually break) Army rules by allowing a female soldier,
Spec. Jennifer Guay, to serve as a medic for an infantry company of the 82nd
Airborne).





n604.  E-mail from combat-experienced officer in Iraq to author (Oct. 26, 2006)
(explaining that some male officers enhance their careers by enthusiastically
embracing feminism in the military) (on file with author).



   I guess something I have not really mentioned is the NCO responsibility for
implementing bad policy. Senior officers come up with bad ideas and as much as
the good NCO's know it will not work, they feel professionally obligated to
implement it because that is what they do. They are just as, or even more
reluctant to fight bad policies for the sake of their careers and many feel that
at a certain time, it is not worth fighting the system.

 Id.





n605.  E-mail from deployed infantryman in Iraq to the author (Dec. 11, 2006)
(explaining the risks of gender integrating Military Training Teams) (on file
with author).



   The Iraqis, as you know, are not prepared to deal with women in a
professional capacity. They have no EO or sensitivity training. Women to them
are almost cattle and they will see no problem in making aggressive sexual
advances, particularly since American women are seen as petite and exotic. The
tough girl attitude loses its charm when a 300 man battalion of Iraqis have no
problem groping, leering and raping a gung ho female American. The CA [Civil
Affairs] team ... replaced a team with a female captain. What happened to the
previous team illustrates the very worst that could happen to an integrated MTT
team. The female CA captain was sleeping with all of the powerful local Iraqi
contacts. She compromised her mission and her team. She was removed and her
disgraced team replaced. Who knows how much classified information she could
have given away. At the very least, her team was unable to do its job.

 Id. (alteration added).





n606.  The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 mandated an
end to gender quotas, goals, and ceilings. See Pub. L. No 103-160, § 543(a)(2),
107 Stat. 1547, 1660 (1993).





n607.  The "Solomon Amendment," legislation passed in 1996 to protect access for
recruiters, was upheld by the Supreme Court on March 6, 2006. See Forum for
Academic & Institutional Rights, Inc. (FAIR) v. Rumsfeld, 126 S. Ct. 1297
(2006). See also Guy Taylor, Colleges' Military Bans Rejected, Wash. Times, Mar.
7, 2006, at A1.





n608.  E-mail from senior Marine officer in Fallujah, Iraq, to author (July 20,
2005) (on file with author).





n609.  Martha Mendoza, Preying on Recruits, Navy Times, Sept. 4, 2006, at 14-16;
James Gillaspy & Dan McFeely, Military Recruiter Accused of Sex Assaults,
Indianapolis Star, Mar. 1, 2005, available at
http://www.notinourname.net/youth/recruiter-sex-assault-1mar05.htm.





n610.  Gov't Accounting Office, Military Recruiting, DOD and Services Need
Better Data to Enhance Visibility Over Recruiter Irregularities 19 (Aug. 2006),
available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d06846.pdf.





n611.  See Elaine Donnelly, Remedies for Recruiter Abuse, Wash. Times, Oct. 1,
2006, at B3.





n612.  Rick Maze, Lawmakers Want Tougher Recruiting Rules, Air Force Times, Oct.
4, 2006, available at
http://www.airforcetimes.com/story.php?f=1-292925-2150102.php; H.R. Rep. No.
109-702 (2006) (Conf. Rep.). See also Bryan Bender, Pentagon Acts to Crack Down
on Recruiter Misconduct, Boston Globe, Mar. 19, 2007, at A1.





n613.  Single parents who want to join the active duty force frequently
surrender custody of their children to others in order to sign up.





n614.  Presidential Commission Report, supra note 5, at 54 (Issue H: Parental
and Family Policies, Alternative Views).



   In order to reduce the number of children subjected to prolonged separation
or the risk of becoming orphans during deployment, long-term DoD policies
regarding the recruitment, deployment and retention of single and dual-service
parents should be revised on a phased-in basis. Such policies should allow for
voluntary or involuntary discharges at the discretion of local commanders, or
reasonable incentives for separation. They may also include waivers by local
commanders in certain circumstances.

 Id.





n615.  See supra note 411.





n616.  Closing scenes in the 1947 film Miracle on 34th Street suggest a strategy
for the movement to gain legitimacy. The classic Christmas film ends happily
when a kindly gentleman named Kris Kringle is recognized as Santa Claus by the
U.S. Postal Service, which forwards thousands of children's letters to him. If
another respected government agency, the U.S. military, bestows legitimacy on
the campaign for homosexual rights, recognition would soon be extended to other
federal, state, and local agencies, and even private institutions that receive
public support.





n617.  Elmo R. Zumwalt & J.G. Zumwalt, Schroeder Ignores Wise Advice from
Powell, Hum. Events, June 1, 1992.





n618.  Charles Krauthammer, Op-Ed, Powell Needs No Lectures, Wash. Post, Jan.
29, 1993, at A23.





n619.  Aaron Belkin & Melissa Sheridan Embser-Herbert, A Modest Proposal, 27
Int'l Sec. 178 (Fall 2002).





n620.  Thomas Sowell, The Anointed and Those Who Aren't, Wash. Times, Feb. 8,
1993, at E3.


                              221 of 221 DOCUMENTS

            In re: PETTERS COMPANY, INC., ET AL, Debtors. (includes:
            Petters Group Worldwide, LLC; PC Funding, LLC; Thousand
           Lakes, LLC; SPF Funding, LLC; PL Ltd., Inc. Edge One LLC;
            MGC Finance, Inc.; PAC Funding, LLC; Palm Beach Finance
                                Holdings, Inc.)

            JOINTLY ADMINISTERED UNDER CASE NO. 08-45257, Court File
              Nos: 08-45258 (GFK), 08-45326 (GFK), 08-45327 (GFK),
            08-45328 (GFK), 08-45329 (GFK), 08-45330 (GFK), 08-45331
               (GFK), 08-45371 (GFK), 08-45392 (GFK), Chapter 11

          UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT FOR THE DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA

          499 B.R. 342; 2013 Bankr. LEXIS 5054; 58 Bankr. Ct. Dec. 175


                          September 30, 2013, Decided
                           September 30, 2013, Filed

CASE SUMMARY:


OVERVIEW: HOLDINGS: [1]-A bankruptcy trustee was not precluded from seeking to
recover alleged fraudulent transfers from bankruptcy debtors to lenders
denominated as loan repayments, since the trustee adequately alleged that the
transfers were made in furtherance of the debtors' Ponzi scheme to support both
actually and constructively fraudulent transfers; [2]-Any recovery from the
lenders based on constructively fraudulent transfers, and any defense of receipt
for value, was limited to any amounts in excess of principal for which the
lenders did not give reasonably equivalent value; [3]-While the trustee
sufficiently alleged statutory insider status of officers and directors of the
debtors or affiliates, allegations that other employees were non-statutory
insiders failed to allege sufficiently such employees' actual exercise of
decisive control over the debtor or major functions of the debtor.

OUTCOME: Rulings entered for disposition of motions to dismiss.

CORE TERMS: insider, lender-defendant, avoidance, pleaded, fraudulent transfer,
good faith, fraudulent, investor, unjust enrichment, fraudulent-transfer,
repayment, affiliate, lender, affirmative defense, constructive-fraud,
non-statutory, entity's, equitable remedies, constructively-fraudulent,
satisfaction, subsidiary, circle, case law, vehicle-entity, infusion, team,
avoidability, antecedent, transferor, transferee


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Bankruptcy Law > Claims > Types > Definitions
[HN1] Definitionally, the Bankruptcy Code conceives of creditors as having
pre-petition claims against the bankruptcy debtor, 11 U.S.C.S. § 101(10)(A); and
claims are conceived of as rights to payment, whether legal or equitable, §
101(5)(A).

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > Constructively Fraudulent Transfers
Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > Value
[HN2] See 11 U.S.C.S. § 548(d)(2)(A).

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN3] See Minn. Stat. § 513.43(a).

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > Intent
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN4] A transfer impugned as actually fraudulent under 11 U.S.C.S. §
548(a)(1)(A) or Minn. Stat. § 513.44(a)(1) may be subjected to avoidance without
considering any exchange of value between a bankruptcy debtor-transferor and the
recipient. As a matter of a plaintiff's case in chief, a transfer is avoidable
upon proof of the specified intent on the transferor's part and no more need be
proven.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > Value
[HN5] See 11 U.S.C.S. § 548(c).

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN6] See Minn. Stat. § 513.48(a)

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN7] Facts going to a defendant's potential good faith defense to a fraudulent
transfer have no relevancy at the stage of a motion for dismissal brought on the
ground that the plaintiff has not pleaded a prima facie basis for its claim, and
hence the state of pleading as to such facts is irrelevant then.

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN8] See Minn. Stat. § 513.45(b).

Civil Procedure > Pleading & Practice > Defenses, Demurrers & Objections >
Failures to State Claims
[HN9] The standard for pleading requires enough facts to state a claim to relief
that is plausible on its face. In particular, a complaint must provide more than
labels and conclusions, and a formulaic recitation of the elements of a cause of
action will not do. Thus, after a canvassing of fact pleading to identify and
segregate such empty assertions, the court is to assume the veracity of
well-pleaded factual allegations and then determine whether they plausibly give
rise to an entitlement to relief.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees > Voidable
Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN10] For avoidance litigation in a bankruptcy case, the determination of
insider status is a mixed question of law and fact and not merely a question of
fact. Where a bankruptcy trustee relies on the empowerment of 11 U.S.C.S. §
544(b) to invoke the state law of fraudulent transfer, insider status is
governed by state law.

Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN11] In part, Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7) defines the term "insider" for purposes
of fraudulent transfer as: (ii) if the debtor is a corporation (A) a director of
the debtor; (B) an officer of the debtor; (C) a person in control of the debtor;
(D) a partnership in which the debtor is a general partner; (E) a general
partner in a partnership described in clause (D); or (F) a relative of a general
partner, director, officer, or person in control of the debtor; (iv) an
affiliate, or an insider of an affiliate as if the affiliate were the debtor;
and (v) a managing agent of the debtor.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
[HN12] See 11 U.S.C.S. § 101(31).

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
[HN13] For purposes of fraudulent transfer, most of the bankruptcy provisions
exemplify "insider" by concrete characteristics. However, the concept
encompasses any entity that had a sufficiently close relationship with the
bankruptcy debtor that his conduct is made subject to closer scrutiny than those
dealing at arm's length with the debtor. As a result, in construing 11 U.S.C.S.
§ 101(31), the bankruptcy courts have referred to two categories: statutory
insiders, i.e., those possessing an office or status among those enumerated in
the statute; and non-statutory insiders, i.e., those who fall within the
legislative intent for the definition but are outside of any of the enumerated
categories.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN14] An alternative under Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(ii)(C) and 11 U.S.C.S. §
101(31)(B)(iii)) for defining an insider as a person in control of a bankruptcy
debtor, is fact-intensive. This sort of statutory insider status turns on
whether the facts indicate an opportunity to self-deal or to exert more control
over the debtor's affairs than is available to other creditors. The defendant
must have actual control (or its close equivalent). This actual control is
identified as the ability of the defendant to unqualifiedly dictate corporate
policy and the disposition of corporate assets. A finding of actual control may
be based upon the direction of such things as the debtor's personnel or contract
decisions, production schedules, or accounts payable.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN15] For fraudulent transfer purposes, given the expressly non-exclusive
character of the bankruptcy and state statutes' enumeration, non-statutory
insider status may be found on other aspects of a relationship between a
bankruptcy debtor and a transferee. The issue is fact-intensive, and the
determination must be made on a case-by-case basis. The courts have identified
two major considerations for the determination: (1) the closeness of the
relationship between the debtor and the transferee; and (2) the place of the
transfers in a transaction that was conducted at arms-length, or not. The degree
of control or influence the transferee exerted over the debtor may be
considered. However, a showing of such control is not required for non-statutory
insider status. And, a closeness of relationship alone is not sufficient to
establish insider status for the avoidance of a particular transfer. There must
also be something anomalous, beyond arms-length, about the transaction that
featured the transfer.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN16] For purposes of fraudulent transfer, because bankruptcy and state cases
have emphasized the fact-intensive nature of the classification of a
non-statutory insider, the pleading standard clearly puts a premium on
specificity in pleading for it. A bare recitation that a transferee had a
favored spot on a team or circle speaks nothing to the nature of the challenged
transfer or the surrounding transaction as arms-length or anomalous. It does not
speak in any decisive way to the closeness of a relationship, or to the degree
of true access or power derived from it.

Bankruptcy Law > Case Administration > Examiners, Officers & Trustees >
Fraudulent Transfers > General Overview
Civil Procedure > Judgments > Entry of Judgments > Enforcement & Execution >
Fraudulent Transfers
[HN17] For purposes of fraudulent transfer under bankruptcy and state law, the
fact-pleading for non-statutory insider status must go beyond a conclusory
recitation of such membership. As one alternative, there should be more specific
allegations of the frequency, nature, setting, and quality of the interaction
between the alleged insider-transferee and the bankruptcy debtor and its
governing principles.

Civil Procedure > Equity > Adequate Remedy at Law
[HN18] A party may not have equitable relief where there is an adequate remedy
at law available.

COUNSEL:  [**1] For Petters Company, Inc. (08-45257), Debtor: Ethan Frechette,
Kimberly H. Schultz, Matthew J. Henken, Richard B. Drubel, Boies, Schiller &
Flexner LLP, Hanover, NH; James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum P.L.L.P,
Minneapolis, MN; Jeffrey D. Smith, Lindquist & Vennum, Minneapolis, MN.

For Douglas A Kelley, Kelley & Wolter PA Centre Village Offices (08-45257),
Trustee: Adam C Ballinger, K. Jon Breyer, Terrence J. Fleming, Lindquist &
Vennum LLP, Minneapolis, MN; Boies, Schiller & Flexner, LLP, Freeborn & Peters
LLP 00000, FRUTH, JAMISON & ELSASS, PLLC, Kelley, Wolter & Scott, P.A. 00000,
Kelly, Hannaford & Battles, P.A., Law Office of Eric T. Cooperstein00000,
Stuarts Walker Hersant, The Law Office of Mark A. Weisbart, Winderweedle,
Haines, Ward & Woodman, P.A., Withers BVI; Elisebeth Collins Cook, Joseph L
Fogel, Michael J Kelly, Freeborn & Peters LLP, Chicago, IL; Ethan Frechette,
Kimberly H. Schultz, Matthew J. Henken, Richard B. Drubel, Boies, Schiller &
Flexner LLP, Hanover, NH; Adam A Gillette, Douglas L Elsass, Lori A Johnson,
Fruth Jamison & Elsass PLLC, Minneapolis, MN; Thomas E Jamison, Fruth, Jamison &
Elsass PLLC, Minneapolis, MN; Patricia A Pedersen, Stacy L Kabele, Kelley  [**2]
Wolter & Scott P A, Minneapolis, MN; Kirstin D. Kanski, Lindquist Vennum PLLP,
Minneapolis, MN; Josiah O Lamb, Minneapolis, MN; Mark D Larsen, Lindquist &
Vennum PLLP, Minneapolis, MN; Neal H Levin, Freeborn & Petters LLP, Chicago, IL;
James A. Lodoen, Sandra S. Smalley-Fleming, Lindquist & Vennum P.L.L.P,
Minneapolis, MN; George H Singer, Jeffrey D. Smith, Lindquist & Vennum,
Minneapolis, MN; Steven E. Wolter, Kelley, Wolter & Scott P A, Minneapolis, MN;
Patrick J Woytek, Freeborn & Petter LLP, Chicago, IL.

For US Trustee (08-45257), U.S. Trustee: Michael R Fadlovich, Robert Raschke, US
Trustee Office, Minneapolis, MN.

For Ronald R Peterson, Jenner & Block, LLP (08-45257), Other Party: Margaret M
Anderson, Fox Hefter Swibel Levin & Carroll LLP, Chicago, IL; Michael S. Dove,
Gislason & Hunter LLP, New Ulm, MN; RONALD R PETERSON, JENNER & BLOCK LLP,
CHICAGO, IL.

For Michael S Terrien, Jenner & Block, LLP (08-45257), Other Party: Michael S.
Dove, Gislason & Hunter LLP, New Ulm, MN; MICHAEL S TERRIEN, JENNER & BLOCK LLP,
CHICAGO, IL.

For Andrew S Nicoll, Jenner & Block, LLP (08-45257), Other Party: Michael S.
Dove, Gislason & Hunter LLP, New Ulm, MN; ANDREW S NICOLL, JENNER & BLOCK LLP,
CHICAGO,  [**3] IL.

For Kenneth R. Cunningham, Jr. (08-45257), Other Party: MICHAEL S MC ELWEE,
Michael S McElwee, VARNUM LLP, GRAND RAPIDS, MI; Gary D. Underdahl, ASK LLP,
Eagan, MN.

For Jo Anne Cunningham, Keri R. Cunningham Bennett (08-45257), Other Party:
MICHAEL S MC ELWEE, VARNUM LLP, GRAND RAPIDS, MI; Gary D. Underdahl, ASK LLP,
Eagan, MN.

For STEVEN J CUNNINGHAM, Chase Bank, Trustee Kenneth R. Cunningham III Trust,
Chase Bank, Trustee for Keri R. Cunningham Bennett Trust, Chase Bank, Trustee
for Jo Anne Cunningham Trust, Chase Bank, Trustee Kenneth R. Cunningham, Jr.
Trust (08-45257), Other Party: MICHAEL S MC ELWEE, VARNUM LLP, GRAND RAPIDS, MI.


For Lancer Financial Services, LLC, OVERSTOCK.COM, Jack Young, Haven Retirement
Fund, LP, c/o Four Seasons Capital Management, LLC, General Partner, Falcon
Partners, Ltd., Fargo Petroleum, LLC (f/k/a Davison Petroleum Products, LLC),
Lancer GP, LLC, Lancer Partners Ltd. (08-45257), Other Party: Christopher J
Harayda, Faegre & Benson, Minneapolis, MN; Stephen M Mertz, Faegre Baker Daniels
LLP, Minneapolis, MN.

For Jay B. Jensen, HIGH PLAINS INVESTMENT, Lorna Davis (08-45257), Other Party:
Stephen M Mertz, Faegre Baker Daniels LLP, Minneapolis, MN.

For Cohen  [**4] Partnership, Jay Cohen (08-45257), Other Party: B Shane Barnes,
SUPERVALU Inc, Eden Prairie, MN.

For UNSECURED CREDITORS COMMITEE (08-45257), Creditor Committee: Fafinski, Mark
& Johnson, P.A.00000; Lorie A. Klein, Fafinski Mark & Johnson P.A., Eden
Prairie, MN; Connie Lahn, Fafinski Mark & Johnson P.A, Eden Prairie, MN; David
E. Runck, Fafinski Mark & Johnson P A, Eden Prairie, MN.

For Petters Group Worldwide, LLC (08-45258), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist
& Vennum P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For US Trustee (08-45258, 08-45326, 08-45328, 08-45329, 08-45331), U.S. Trustee:
Michael R Fadlovich, US Trustee Office, Minneapolis, MN.

For PC Funding, LLC (08-45326), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For Thousand Lakes, LLC (08-45327), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For US Trustee (08-45327, 08-45330), U.S. Trustee: Michael R Fadlovich, US
Trustee Office, Minneapolis, MN; James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum P.L.L.P,
Minneapolis, MN.

For SPF Funding, LLC (08-45328), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For PL Ltd, Inc., fka Petters Ltd., Inc. (08-45329), Debtor: James A. Lodoen,
Lindquist &  [**5] Vennum P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For Edge One, LLC (08-45330), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For MGC Finance, Inc., LLC, fka Petters I, Inc. (08-45331), Debtor: James A.
Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For PAC Funding, LLC (08-45371), Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For Palm Beach Finance Holdings, Inc., fka Petters Capital, Inc. (08-45392),
Debtor: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

For US Trustee (08-45392), U.S. Trustee: James A. Lodoen, Lindquist & Vennum
P.L.L.P, Minneapolis, MN.

JUDGES: GREGORY F. KISHEL, CHIEF UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE.

OPINION BY: GREGORY F. KISHEL

OPINION


 [*345]  THIRD MEMORANDUM ON "CONSOLIDATED ISSUES" TREATMENT OF MOTIONS FOR
DISMISSAL IN TRUSTEE'S LITIGATION FOR AVOIDANCE AND RECOVERY: AVOIDABILITY AND
ACTIONABILITY UNDER LAW AND IN EQUITY; ONE LAST ISSUE OF PLEADING.

PREFACE

This is the third (and last) memorandum of general rulings to be entered, as the
[*346]  basis for the disposition of pending motions for dismissal in a docket
of adversary proceedings in these cases. This litigation was commenced to
redress the failure of a massive Ponzi scheme conducted by one Thomas J.  [**6]
Petters--the largest case of investor fraud in Minnesota history and one of the
largest in United States history.

The Debtors in these cases were all entities in Tom Petters's enterprise
structure. The plaintiff is the Trustee for the Debtors' bankruptcy estates. He
commenced the litigation to avoid a large number of pre-petition transfers of
funds by the Debtors, and to recover money judgments to effectuate the
avoidance. His last complaint was filed on October 10, 2010, one day before the
second anniversary of the commencement of the lead case in this group, that of
Petters Company, Inc. ("PCI"). At that time, the adversary proceedings totaled
over 200 in number.

The majority of the defendants elected to file motions for dismissal in lieu of
answers, a right they had under Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b) and Fed. R. Bankr. P.
7012(b). This resulted in a massive number of contests for adjudication. To cope
with that, a "consolidated issues" procedure was adopted by order, to coordinate
the presentation of issues that were common to the theories for dismissal raised
across the range of the motions made by the defense. The plan was to issue
general rulings, where such common issues went to the adequacy  [**7] of the
Trustee's pleading or the ascertainment of the substantive law that would be
applied when there was no extant governing precedent.

Further detail about the procedure can be found in the first two memoranda
entered on the submission of the "consolidated issues." See Dkt. Nos. 1951 and
2018, reported as In re Petters Co., Inc., 494 B.R. 413, 58 B.C.D. 53 (Bankr. D.
Minn. 2013) and 495 B.R. 887, 58 B.C.D. 62, 2013 WL 3494150 (Bankr. D. Minn.
2013).1 The earlier memoranda also gave more detail on the origin of these cases
and this litigation.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 A Second Memorandum was originally issued on July 12 under Dkt. No. 2005. Its
text was amended on motion of the Trustee, which was unopposed. The sole effect
was to add one word at two points, which the Trustee believed was crucial to the
meaning of the particular ruling. Further references will be to the amended
version.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This Third Memorandum sets forth rulings on the balance of the common issues
presented via that procedure. Fewer of the issues at bar were formally raised by
as many defendants as those in the first two sets. But, all of them are
substantial. Two go to the very core of the Trustee's statutory avoidance powers
as it  [**8] is brought to bear toward the greatest potential recovery. A third
goes to the sustainability of the Trustee's major alternative theory of
recovery, through equitable remedies. All of these rulings will have
applicability to defendants who did not formally raise the points treated in
their own motions for dismissal.

As before, the issues will be organized by the subject matter of their theory.
Formal rulings will be expressly articulated for each issue. The numbering of
the discussion and the rulings will be sequential to the first two sets. The
same conventions of nomenclature for parties and parts of the record will be
used. See Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 4 n.3. These are the four
issues presented on the third day of oral argument, as previously directed by
the procedures order, plus a fifth raised by the structure of oral argument.

Through three of them, the lender-constituency within the defense challenges
square-on the Trustee's right to use fraudulent transfer remedies against the
sort of  [*347]  transaction they had with the Debtors. For all of those three,
the lender-defendants rely heavily on a 2005 decision by the Second Circuit, In
re Sharp Int'l Corp., 403 F.3d 43,  [**9] and several other decisions by
circuits other than the Eighth.

ISSUE #8:

ACTIONABILITY AS FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OF TRANSFER AND PAYMENT ON TRANSACTION
DOCUMENTED AS A LOAN.2


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 For this memorandum, the order of the 8th and 9th issues is in reverse of the
sequence set in the procedures order for the consolidated-issues treatment [Dkt.
No. 961]. Thematically and logically, the reversal of this part of the
discussion makes more sense.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The lender-defendants argue that fraudulent transfer remedies simply cannot lie
against the transfers that the Debtors made to them, in repayment on financing
that those defendants furnished for the ostensible "diverting" business of the
Petters organization. To support this argument, they cite Sharp Int'l and they
characterize it as on-point authority. The gist of their theory lies in the
phrase they use throughout, in the fashion of a litany: "A preference is not a
fraudulent conveyance."

Sharp Int'l came out of fraudulent-transfer litigation commenced by the trustee
in the bankruptcy case of a business that imported, assembled, and distributed
real consumer goods.3 The company had a succession of major operating lenders
under lines of credit, plus other debt-investors  [**10] under subordinated-note
arrangements.4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 Contrasted with the cases at bar, the debtor in Sharp Int'l actually did have
a real, functioning business that dealt in real goods. It was just that there
were not as many goods, or as much business, as the debtor there represented to
its lenders.

4 The following summary of pleaded facts is taken from 403 F.3d at 46-48.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This financing, however, funded not only operations but also a massive looting
of corporate assets by the company's individual principals. To obtain the
inflated amounts of capital needed, the principals falsified internal company
records for customer base, sales, and assets. Then they used these documents to
induce the lending. This fraud is described as having taken place over a period
of two years or more (from "some point prior to 1997, . . . through October
1999"). The creditors thus induced are identified as one major operating lender,
State Street Bank and Trust Company--which first lent to the debtor in November,
1996--and a group of subordinated note-lenders--that first loaned in July, 1998
and was then induced by the debtor to advance substantial additional sums in
March, 1999 to pay off the majority of the State Street debt.5

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 In  [**11] March, 1999, State Street was taken out of the debtor-company's
debt structure completely. The balance of the company's debt to State Street was
shifted over to the personal liability of the company's principals, by new
guarantees.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The trustee in Sharp Int'l pleaded that the impetus for the takeout of State
Street came from that creditor itself, under the following fact averments. One
of State Street's officers "began to suspect fraud [on the part of Sharp
International] in the summer of 1998," from several factors: the lack of
transparency in the company's accounting procedures; its "fast growth and
voracious consumption of cash"; and her own experience as banker with specific
cases of borrower fraud that had shown similar characteristics. After several
months of investigation and pressing for information from the debtor, the
single-transfer  [*348]  takeout of State Street was demanded, arranged, and
consummated.

The debtor corporation in Sharp Int'l ended up in bankruptcy. Its trustee
challenged the payoff of State Street on several grounds, including the theory
that it was a constructively- and actually-fraudulent transfer avoidable under
the Bankruptcy Code and New York State fraudulent-transfer  [**12] law:


     The nub of the complaint is that State Street then arranged quietly
     for the [individual principals] to repay the State Street loan from
     the proceeds of new loans from unsuspecting lenders, thus avoiding a
     repeat of the . . . losses . . . [caused by a similar borrower fraud
     with which the State Street officer had had direct experience].


403 F.3d at 47.

On State Street's motion, the bankruptcy court dismissed the trustee's complaint
in its entirety. As to the fraudulent-transfer count for actual fraud, the
bankruptcy court held that the trustee had not pled sufficient facts to support
a finding of actual intent to defraud other creditors, on the inferential
process that uses the "badges of fraud" approach. The constructive-fraud count
was dismissed for failure to anticipatorily plead that State Street had lacked
good faith in receiving the payment. 403 F.3d at 48.

On appeal, the district court affirmed on a slightly-variant theory, but
otherwise endorsed the bankruptcy court's analysis. 403 F.3d at 48-49.6

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

6 The Sharp Int'l trustee's third theory of recovery--aiding and abetting a
breach of fiduciary duty by the debtor and its principals--was treated at
greater length by all three courts.  [**13] 403 F.3d at 48-53. Those rulings are
not relevant here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

On appeal, the Second Circuit affirmed the dismissal of the actual-fraud count.
It held that the trustee had not pled facts on which to characterize as
intentionally fraudulent the specific transfer he would have avoided:


     . . . the intentional fraudulent conveyance claims fails [sic] for the
     independent reason that [the trustee] inadequately alleges fraud with
     respect to the transaction that [the trustee] seeks to avoid, i.e.,
     Sharp's $12.25 million payment to State Street.


403 F.3d at 56. Laying in the centerpiece characterization that the
lender-defendants appropriated here, the Second Circuit observed:
     The fraud alleged in the complaint relates to the manner in which
     Sharp obtained new funding from the Noteholders, not Sharp's
     subsequent payment of part of the proceeds to State Street. The $12.25
     million payment was at most a preference between creditors and did not
     "hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors."


Id.

As the lender-defendants emphasize, this last thought has rooted antecedents:


     Fraudulent conveyance law is basically concerned with transfers that
     "hinder, delay or defraud" creditors; it is not ordinarily  [**14]
     concerned with how such debts were created.

     . . . .

     . . . to find an actual intent to defraud creditors when . . . an
     insolvent debtor prefers a less worthy creditor, would tend to deflect
     fraudulent conveyance law from one of its basic functions (to see that
     an insolvent debtor's limited funds are used to pay some worthy
     creditor), while providing it with a new function (determining which
     creditor is the more worthy).


 [*349]  Boston Trading Group, Inc. v. Burnazos, 835 F.2d 1504, 1510-1511 (1st
Cir. 1987) (Breyer, J.).7 See also B.E.L.T., Inc. v. Wachovia Corp., 403 F.3d
474, 477 (7th Cir. 2005) (rejecting application of fraudulent-transfer remedies,
to payoff of prior lender to over-extended business-borrower, on challenge by
other lenders that alleged that their advances funded payoff and furthered
operations, "because the best description of what happened here is a preference
among creditors. [The debtor] retired the First Union debt while leaving other
creditors in the lurch . . . ."; dismissal of later creditors'
fraudulent-transfer action warranted even if prior lender knew of debtor's
financial instability and over-extension and suspected "that mischief [i.e.,
fraudulent operations] was  [**15] afoot . . . .").8

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 This decision was issued while its author was a member of the First Circuit
Court of Appeals, and before his appointment to the Supreme Court.

8 They also cite analogous pronouncements from state courts, including the
Minnesota Supreme Court: Johnson v. O'Brien, 275 Minn. 28, 31, 144 N.W.2d 720,
721-722 (1966); and, e.g., Ultramar Energy v. Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A., 191
A.D.2d 86, 599 N.Y.S.2d 816 (1993).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In the cases at bar, the Trustee sued a large number of entities and
institutions that had lent money to one or more of the Debtors. These defendants
engaged in transactions with the Debtors that were documented and treated by the
parties as loans of money, made on the lenders' understanding that the proceeds
were to be used for the general or transaction-specific support of the
"diverting business" in inventory of consumer goods that the Debtors were
ostensibly carrying on.9 The Trustee seeks to recover on account of the
repayments made on these prior loans. He would have these transfers of funds
characterized in alternate ways: as actually fraudulent on current and future
creditors ensnared in the Petters Ponzi scheme, or as constructively fraudulent,
i.e., not made  [**16] for reasonably equivalent value that was actually
received by the Debtor-recipients.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

9 As to the nature of the "diverting" business when conducted in a bona fide
fashion, see Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 21 n.27, and In re
Polaroid Corp., 472 B.R. 22, 36-37 (Bankr. D. Minn. 2012).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The lender-defendants make a blunt, frontal attack on the fundamental
availability of fraudulent-transfer remedies to the Trustee here, as against
them. However, their reliance on the pronouncements of Sharp Int'l, B.E.L.T.,
and Boston Trading Group is too broad-brush at best, and inapposite at worst.
The argument glosses over differences between the two varieties of fraudulent
transfers. It inappropriately assigns pivotal significance to the contractual
origin of the subject transfers, for the application of fraudulent-transfer
remedies against them. And most tellingly, it ignores a crucial difference
between the factual matrices pleaded in those three cases and the historical
facts pleaded at bar. This difference makes the three decisions
fully-distinguishable from the cases at bar.

In all of the three cited opinions, the courts correctly envision the intent
that must be proven for the avoidance  [**17] of an actually-fraudulent
transfer, as that harbored by the transferor. They correctly require this intent
to have been directed to the transfer that is sought to be avoided. Sharp Int'l,
403 F.3d at 56; B.E.L.T., Inc., 403 F.3d at 478; Boston Trading Group, 835 F.2d
at 1510-1511. Hence, the standards for pleading required that facts be averred
to make out such contemporaneous, linked fraud.10 In all three cases, the
[*350]  courts addressed motions for dismissal in which the facial adequacy of
pleadings was challenged. Hence they looked to the complaints' averments as to
this specific sort of transferor intent.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

10 Rules 8 and 9, with the gloss of the Supreme Court's decisions in Bell
Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 127 S. Ct. 1955, 167 L. Ed. 2d 929
(2007) and Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 129 S. Ct. 1937, 173 L. Ed. 2d 868
(2009), set the standard for the sufficiency of fact-pleading for a fraudulent
transfer action. Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 4-9.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In all three, the courts found that the complaints lacked any averments that, if
true, would establish that the specific event of payoff--of the
defendant-creditors on their long-preexisting debts--was motivated or
accompanied by any intent to defraud other creditors--even the ones whose cash
[**18] infusions were alleged to have funded or enabled the payoffs. The factual
averments going to fraud went at most to the debtor's inducement to those later
lenders, that enabled the payoff; or more generally, they went to the shadiness
of the debtors' business operations in surreptitiously piling up debt they could
not reasonably repay. Sharp Int'l, 403 F.3d at 56-57; B.E.L.T., Inc., 403 F.3d
at 478; Boston Trading Group, 835 F.2d at 1506-1507.

Hence, the three courts' conclusions that actual fraud had not been pled as to
the acts of transfer that had to be found so tainted in order to be avoidable.
And hence, the outcome, that avoidance remedies could not be supported on the
facts pled. Thus, the lower courts were affirmed in their dismissals of the
complaints. And finally, the comments--probably to be classified as dicta--that
the transfers were at most preferential, in the understandings of bankruptcy
law.11

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

11 Only one of these three opinions came out of litigation in a bankruptcy case.
The other two were generated by "private" fraudulent transfer actions commenced
by the frustrated takeout lenders, or perhaps other unpaid creditors, and the
transferors were not in bankruptcy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

None of  [**19] the three courts collapsed the transactions toward deeming a
common and extended fraudulent intent. One could take exception with the
soundness of that, whether it was explicitly rejected (as in Sharp Int'l, 403
F.3d at 55) or not; it is reasonably clear from the summarized fact pleading
that the plaintiffs in all three cases believed that the pressing, earlier
lender could not have been removed absent the gulling of new lenders, and thus
the targeted transfer could not have been made absent the victimization of other
parties that became new creditors or had their preexisting claims increased.

This made the situation in all three cases not so pure as the simple, classic
preference in bankruptcy--where an insolvent debtor disproportionately favors
one creditor over others similarly-situated by using current resources that are
inadequate to satisfy all. The summary pronouncement in dictum may have been a
bit too pat on the facts pleaded there. And in any case this suggests that it
should not have been brandished here quite so categorically or so vigorously.12

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

12 In Boston Trading Group, the court did recognize the possible availability of
avoidance as a preference for the transfer before  [**20] it, in a hypothetical
bankruptcy case in which the transferor would be the debtor. 835 F.2d at 1511.
However, the observation was purely academic, because the court was dealing with
a fraudulent-transfer action commenced in a United States district court by a
receiver for the transferor. And, nowhere in Boston Trading Group is there the
categorically-exclusive statement that the lender-defendants use here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

More to the point, however, the claims in suit in Sharp Int'l, B.E.L.T., and
Boston Trading Group involved a much more limited  [*351]  cast of historical
participants, and a much simpler transactional matrix. They were the parties
that had effected a single transactional process, the takeout of that one
pressing, preexisting creditor from a foundering debtor's debt structure. In the
level of complexity and (more crucially) in the nature and breadth of the
transferor's motivation to make the transfer, the distinction between that and
the situation here is not only material for the focus of the avoidance remedy;
it is decisive.

This key difference shunts the rationale and the outcome in those three cases
away from the historical facts pleaded here. The complaints at bar allege a
massive, multi-year  [**21] Ponzi scheme that involved many dozens of
lender-investors and tens of thousands of transfers on transactions documented
and treated as loans. Such an operation would be absolutely dependent on the
pervasive exploitation of fraudulent misrepresentation and false pretense, as to
all parties with which the Debtors transacted. The fraud that is necessary to
the sustaining of a Ponzi scheme does not end until the collapse. Its active
projection and its consequence only shift from one generation of
investor-transferees to another. See Kathy Bazoian Phelps and Steven Rhodes, The
Ponzi Book: A Legal Resource for Unraveling Ponzi Schemes (2012), § 1.02, pp.
1-3 to 1-5.

As a result, where the pleading lies in avoidance litigation brought to redress
an alleged Ponzi scheme, the fact averments necessary to make out fraudulent
intent are different. Fraudulent intent is properly assumed to pervade the
operation of a Ponzi scheme. In litigation to redress its failure, the intent
element is adequately pleaded on three basic facts: the existence of the scheme;
the funding of the subject transfer by the engine of the scheme (a continuing
churning of involved investors and invested money); and the service  [**22] of
the subject transfer in furtherance of the scheme, via the maintenance of a
facade of normalcy and success and the satisfaction of previous creditors that
otherwise could have forced a collapse.

With that pleading, the intent element is adequately stated and avoidance
remedies may lie on an actual-fraud theory. It matters not whether the
transferee nominally received its due in payment on a contract that was regular
on its face, or even one fully-enforceable under state law. If the
contractually-sourced act of making payment on a previous extension of credit is
tainted by the purveyor-party's motivation to sustain a Ponzi scheme in which
that past credit had played a role, the transferee is not entitled to the
deference given by the courts in Sharp Int'l, B.E.L.T., and Boston Trading Group
to a prior lender in a financing history of the much simpler sort pleaded there.
13

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

13 Of the three opinions, only B.E.L.T. used any wording evocative of the
characteristics of a Ponzi scheme; and it was only a reference in passing to how
the debtor before it was said to have "prolonged the fraud, borrowing more money
until it finally collapsed." 403 F.3d at 478. The verbs for those participles
often  [**23] feature in the description of a Ponzi scheme; but there is no
mention in B.E.L.T. of fact pleading as to the exploitation of any creditors
other than vague "other lenders." 403 F.3d at 476. The duration of relevant
events in that case is identified at around two years. And there is no mention
of the complicated multi-party turnover of funds that is the hallmark of a Ponzi
scheme. B.E.L.T.'s author makes a side-reference to "sell[ing] a car at the
market price to Charles Ponzi" to make a point in distinction. 403 F.3d at 477.
However, this is a stylistic flourish, a sort of exaggeration-to-make-the point:
even in the more egregious context of a Ponzi scheme, some transfers of money
made by the purveyor may not be subject to later legal challenge in redress of
the purveyor's fraud. The text of the opinion itself does not at all support the
lender-defendants' characterization of B.E.L.T. as a Ponzi scheme case. By
contrast, the fraud that would have been requisite to actionability in Sharp
Int'l, B.E.L.T., and Boston Trading Group was necessarily more limited in scope
and victim(s). Although significant in value, the harm was limited to a smaller
number of mulcted lenders that saw themselves  [**24] as the goats for the prior
creditor paid off and taken out. And in each case only one party received the
benefit of the debtor-transferor's more circumscribed machinations.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [*352]  The inapposition of the lender-defendants' reliance on B.E.L.T. and
Sharp Int'l is also apparent from reference to other, more relevant case law.

First, the text of B.E.L.T. does not even mention significant precedent from
that very circuit, Scholes v. Lehmann, 56 F.3d 750 (7th Cir. 1995). In that
opinion, the Seventh Circuit treated fraudulent-transfer remedies as fitting
surely and readily to the remediation of a failed Ponzi scheme. The application
is given a replete, multi-faceted rationale. The analysis is premised on
assigning a different status to unwitting funders of the scheme's operation,
after the fact and by judicial declaration. The status is that of creditors of
the vehicle-entity. Then they are to be treated as such in working out the
consequences of the scheme's collapse. Through the hindsight of equitable
principles, this rebranding is imposed even where the participation was facially
structured as equity investment under documentation and through transaction.

B.E.L.T.'s rejection of fraudulent-transfer  [**25] status for the situation it
treated has nothing to do with the different and more complex situation treated
in Scholes v. Lehmann. B.E.L.T.'s ruling did not even require a reference to
Scholes, let alone an express distinguishing. The situations treated were so
different as to permit both analyses to coexist. And in the end, Scholes's
assignment of hypothetical creditor status gives its rationale a platform common
with B.E.L.T., at the lowest level, on their classification-related predicates.
14

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

14  [HN1] Definitionally, the Bankruptcy Code conceives of creditors as having
pre-petition claims against the debtor, 11 U.S.C. § 101(10)(A); and claims are
conceived of as "right[s] to payment," whether legal or equitable, 11 U.S.C. §
101(5)(A).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This outcome is consistent with an on-point holding on a somewhat different
articulation, from an appellate-level court within the Second Circuit, the
circuit that issued Sharp Int'l. In In re Manhattan Inv. Fund Ltd., 397 B.R. 1
(S.D.N.Y. 2007), the court held that Sharp does not vitiate the application of
fraudulent transfer remedies to a bankruptcy case commenced to remediate a
failed Ponzi scheme. It analyzed Sharp Int'l at length, and distinguished it
[**26] from the Ponzi scheme-spawned litigation before it. This was done on both
fact-pleading and law. 397 B.R. at 9-11.

The Manhattan Inv. Fund court noted that various circuits had adopted the Ponzi
scheme presumption before Sharp Int'l, as had the federal trial courts within
the Southern District of New York. 397 B.R. at 10. It emphasized that Sharp
Int'l did not involve a failed Ponzi scheme, so the Sharp Int'l court had not
been required to address the presumption of intent applicable to Ponzi-scheme
cases. Id. Most crucially, "the transaction at issue in Sharp was different from
the typical transaction in a Ponzi scheme." 397 B.R. at 11. The creation of the
underlying debt in Sharp Int'l predated the pleaded commencement of fraudulent
activity by the debtor there. This specific circumstance had been cited by the
Second Circuit for its holding in Sharp that there was "no ground . . . to
'collapse' that loan with other (non-contemporaneous) bad-faith maneuvers" by
the debtor, because the transactional structure that resulted in the challenged
payment was "unrelated to" the pleaded acts of  [*353]  fraud. Id. (quoting
Sharp Int'l, 403 F.3d at 55). Thus, as the Manhattan Inv. Fund court held, "
Sharp  [**27] does not dispose of the Ponzi scheme presumption" of fraudulent
intent, in the sense of making it inapplicable to the avoidance of transfers
made through loan-format transactions; "[a]t most, it simply means that courts
must be sure that the transfers sought to be avoided are related to the scheme."
Id.

That latter characteristic, relatedness, is best equated to the concept of being
"in furtherance of" the Ponzi scheme, in the parlance of the presumption--a
matter mostly of fact but with some legal dimension.15 Here, the Trustee has
pleaded that payments made to lender-defendants were done in furtherance of a
Ponzi scheme, and the operational aspects of the scheme were pleaded at length;
so, complaints seeking avoidance of such payments are not subject to dismissal
as a matter of law. Since the Ponzi scheme presumption applies to this
litigation, see Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 25-26, the averment
of such a connection is sufficient to plead a basis for avoidance as an
actually-fraudulent transfer under either Minn. Stat. § 513.44(a)(1) or 11
U.S.C. § 548(a)(1).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

15 See Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 26-27; In re Polaroid Corp.,
472 B.R. at 35-36.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The lender-defendants  [**28] also relied on Sharp Int'l for their motion to
dismiss the constructive-fraud counts of the Trustee's complaints. The opinion
in Sharp Int'l does use some of the previously-described notional structure to
treat the counts on constructive fraud before it. The lender-defendants seem to
rely on this part of Sharp Int'l toward the general shelter from avoidance that
they seek for repayments on loans. The same rationale that was applied to the
actual-fraud alternative applies equally here, however, and the
constructive-fraud counts are not to be dismissed on this rationale.16

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

16 Sharp Int'l does treat its constructive-fraud counts more directly under a
different rubric, the whole question of value received in exchange for the
payment, or not. 403 F.3d at 53-56. (The lack of a balancing value received by
the debtor-transferor is an essential element of any case-in-chief for avoidance
under a constructive-fraud theory.) Sharp Int'l applied the New York statute's
wording "without fair consideration" as used in the Uniform Fraudulent
Conveyance Act, rather than "for less than reasonably equivalent value" as used
in both the federal and Minnesota statutes. There may be a qualitative
conceptual  [**29] difference between the two forms of language. However, the
thought is cognate enough for present purposes. See Phelps and Rhodes, supra
p.10, at § 3.01[3], at 3-3 n.2. This point of fact is germane to the next matter
in the order of consolidated-issues business; it is not relevant to this one.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Thus, Ruling #8: The Trustee is not barred from invoking fraudulent-transfer
remedies as to transfers of money made by the Debtors, in repayment to those
defendants that had previously lent money to the same Debtors, merely because
the payments were made on transactions documented as loans and treated as such
by the parties thereto. As long as the Trustee adequately pleads that the
transfers in loan repayment were made in furtherance of a Ponzi scheme, they are
actionable as actually- or constructively-fraudulent.

ISSUE #9: AVOIDABILITY AS CONSTRUCTIVELY-FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, OF PAYMENT MADE ON
ANTECEDENT DEBT OF DEBTOR.

Before the hearings, the next issue was queued up in deceptively-simple wording:
"Whether the Trustee has sufficiently pleaded that transfers on purported
antecedent debt were made for less than reasonably equivalent value, where the
[*354]  complaint alleges that the transfers satisfied  [**30] the debt."17

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

17 The wording was finalized by the court in the procedures order, but it was
formulated with prior input from the parties. When the issue was presented later
for decision, the Trustee's counsel insisted that his client had never conceded
that any "debt" was "satisfied" by any lender-defendant's payment. This
dithering could have introduced yet another complication; but in the end the
notion of a full "satisfaction" is irrelevant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

As it emerged through later briefing and argument, the issue was not one of
pleading. It was whether the Trustee even had a right to recover under the
theory of a constructively-fraudulent transfer for which a Debtor had not
received a reasonably equivalent value, in consequence of payments that Debtor
had made to a lender-defendant--and as to any component thereof, principal and
interest alike.

The question thus was whether the Trustee could even make out a prima facie case
against a lender-defendant under governing law, given the uncontested predicate
of a payment's linkage to a Debtor's repayment under an earlier contractual
extension of credit. The substantive dimension of the issue then spilled over to
the Trustee's claims of actually-fraudulent  [**31] transfer, though it was
material there at the secondary stage of an affirmative defense.

This line of argument was an attempted hammer-blow at a whole theory of recovery
for the bankruptcy estates, and potentially to all recovery under
fraudulent-transfer theories against a major constituency of the defense. That
made it serious. After that, the issue got more complicated, and more confusing,
when both the lender-defendants and the Trustee hardened into absolutized,
all-or-nothing positions as to avoidability.

Both sides pushed the ante to the top. As it turns out, the best legal authority
on these issues requires the blanket to be divided. And in consequence, the
issues narrow markedly for the litigation going forward.

For the treatment of this issue, the origin lies in definitional provisions in
the federal and Minnesota fraudulent transfer statutes:


     . . .  [HN2] "value" means property, or satisfaction or securing of a
     present or antecedent debt of the debtor, . . .


11 U.S.C. § 548(d)(2)(A); and,
      [HN3] [v]alue is given for a transfer . . . if, in exchange for the
     transfer . . . an antecedent debt is secured or satisfied . . .


Minn. Stat. § 513.43(a).

These provisions assign the character of "value" to  [**32] the legal result of
any payment made by a debtor-transferor to its creditor, i.e., the satisfaction
or securing of a preexisting debt. They apply anywhere the concept of "value" is
legally relevant in a fraudulent-transfer action.18 Here, the lender-defendants
claim the benefit of this characterization for all monies they received from a
Debtor on any debt owed to them before the making of the payment. They demand
dismissal of the Trustee's constructive-fraud claims against them, to the extent
he seeks to avoid any such payments on preexisting debt.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

18 The Bankruptcy Code's definition is prefaced by the words "[i]n this
section--," i.e., all of § 548. The Minnesota statute's provision is right in
the middle of MUFTA. It is a simple declaration that logically applies to the
whole statute and nothing else.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This issue is conceptually intertwined with Issue #7, treated in the Amended
Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 38-45. There, the lender-borrower
relationship was examined toward gauging the adequacy of the Trustee's pleading
of a  [*355]  constructively-fraudulent transfer. Here, the lender-defendants
advance similar considerations; but they cite them to support a frontal
challenge to the Trustee's  [**33] right under law to recover anything against
them.

At the stage of the Trustee's prima facie case, that challenge succeeds only in
part--i.e., as to one component of the subject transfers. On the very same
authority, the outcome is opposite as to the other component; the Trustee gets
the advantage of a decisive classification as a matter of law for his prima
facie case. Further, the treatment for the statutory affirmative defense is
firmly structured under the very same considerations.19

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

19 Yes, it was suggested that a dispositive treatment of value and reasonable
equivalence was premature at this point in the litigation, in remarks made for
the treatment of Issue #7 in the Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018],
41-45 and n.47. On a deeper analysis, and with better substantive focus on
extant case law, it became clear that the issue could be reached now.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The elements of the lender-defendants' argument are summarized at p. 42 and n.45
of the Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018]:


     First, the payment [the lender-defendants] received in both principal
     and interest was no more than their contractual due on a preexisting
     debt.

     Second, the partial or full satisfaction of the debt was
     statutorily-recognized  [**34] "value" received by the particular
     Debtor, to the extent of the amount paid.

     Third, because the payment reduced or abated the debt
     dollar-for-dollar, the reasonable equivalence is undeniable.


Thus, the lender-defendants argue, the Trustee cannot argue or prove that the
particular Debtor received less than a reasonably equivalent value in exchange
for the payment it made, 11 U.S.C. § 548(a)(1)(B)(I) and Minn. Stat. §
513.44(a)(2). They seek to bar him as a matter of law from avoiding any of the
payments to them as constructively-fraudulent transfers.

There is case law to buttress this argument, at least as to the principal
component of the payments made. However, that is all the further it can go,
under the weight of authority.

The bellwether opinion is Scholes v. Lehmann, cited supra at p.11 and one of the
earlier circuit-level decisions (1995) in the recent evolution of fraudulent
transfer law as it applies to a failed Ponzi scheme.20 Scholes v. Lehmann treats
a half-dozen major issues, not all of them relevant here.21 The pertinent parts
of the opinion, however, establish an analytic framework for determining the
avoidability on constructive-fraud theories, of payments made by the purveyor
[**35] to defendants that had infused money into the scheme under the
documentary form of investment, and had received substantial payment back
ostensibly on account of their investment.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

20 Some of the components of Scholes's sequential analysis featured first in In
re Independent Clearing House Co., 77 B.R. 843 (D. Utah 1987), in the
construction given to parts of the constructive-fraud provisions of 11 U.S.C. §
548(a) for application to a failed Ponzi scheme. The overall conceptualization
of parties, their status as conceived in equity, and their resultant rights and
liabilities is original to Scholes.

21 Among those not relevant are the standing and empowerment of a
court-appointed receiver to invoke fraudulent transfer remedies on the ground of
the fraud of the person and entities in receivership; the availability of the in
pari delicto defense; the avoidability of an individual purveyor's charitable
donations and his payment of support obligations to an ex-spouse from monies
traceable to the Ponzi scheme's operation; and evidentiary matters.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [*356]  The analysis is piercing.22 It goes beyond the papered top-layer of
nominal relationships between scheme-vehicle and investor-infuser, to the
corrupt  [**36] imposthume of a Ponzi scheme as it actually lies and is
operated. It legally recategorizes the nature of relationships and the status of
participants throughout such a scheme, to an understanding that matches the
reality. This then enables the sorting-out of consequences toward a greater
equity and a more salubrious outcome, than just leaving a collapsed scheme in
place with big end-losers and fully-escaped net-winners.23

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

22 Judge Richard Posner, then Chief of the Seventh Circuit, is the author of
Scholes v. Lehmann.

23 This is pretty much the way the Petters-related cases would be left, were the
lender-defendants' arguments adopted in their entirety. In oral argument,
counsel blithely exhorted the court to dismiss all fraudulent-transfer claims
against the lender-defendants, and "leave the Trustee with his preference
actions." The record throughout these cases suggests that the tightening of the
financial markets in late 2007 left Tom Petters with dwindling sources of
capital. And, apparently, the same systemic contraction left lenders that
entered the Petters operation in 2006-2007 locked in. Thus, most likely, there
is relatively little for the Trustee to recover in avoidance of preferential
[**37] transfers in comparison to the end-shortfall at the scheme's collapse,
given the maximum one-year reachback under 11 U.S.C. § 547(b)(4).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

That greater equity is deemed to lie in favor of unsatisfied creditors and
investors. 56 F.3d at 757. The equities are given effect on an underlying
reality: the returns paid to prior, satisfied and exited investors were funded
not from legitimate business transactions into which they were ostensibly
investing, but from the perpetration of further fraud on later investors. Id.

Yet the other side of equity's balance is honored as well. All defrauded
infusers of capital, past-out and still-hooked alike, are deemed to have or to
have had the legal status of "tort creditors," i.e., potential claimants against
the perpetrator or the vehicle-entity on a fraud-in-the-inducement theory. 56
F.3d at 754-755. As such, they would be entitled to receive the principal amount
of their original infusion back, by way of rescission and restitution; or they
are deemed to have been so entitled prior to their satisfaction, in the same
status.24 Id. As Scholes v. Lehmann articulates it, the deemed surrender of this
right of recovery equates to a "fair exchange" of consideration  [**38] for that
component of the challenged transfer, in the vocabulary of the pre-UFTA Illinois
law applied there, or "reasonably equivalent value" under § 548(a) (or statutes
like MUFTA). 56 F.3d at 756. As a result, the past repayment of paid-in equity
investment is not avoidable as constructively-fraudulent under statute. Id.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

24 From a real-world perspective, there is no reasonable way to deny the
attribution. For instance, there is little doubt that all of the
lender-defendants here would have gone to law and sued Tom Petters and the
Debtors for the very same relief, had they not been paid off and had they gained
an inkling of the true state of affairs. A number of such actions were pending
when the receivership over Tom Petters and his assets was established in the
district court. Attempts by those creditor-plaintiffs to return to their
original forums of suit were rejected, in favor of the central, global forums of
receivership and bankruptcy.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The "profit" component of such a payment, however it is denominated
contractually, is recoverable in avoidance. The principle is that its ostensible
accrual and later payment to the investor was not "offset by an equivalent
benefit" received by  [**39] the vehicle-entity of the scheme, in the sense of
being linkable to the sustaining of a legitimate, viable business that was
profitable in reality, or to a reinvestment by the recipient-investor that would
have increased  [*357]  the net worth of a bona fide, operating vehicle-entity.
56 F.3d at 757. Rather, given the inherent insolvency of a Ponzi scheme, "[t]he
paying out of profits to the [recipient-defendant] not offset by further
investments by him conferred no benefit on the [vehicle-entities] but merely
depleted their resources faster." Id.

As a result, the payment of "profit" (or interest) is not insulated from
avoidance by the considerations applicable to a return of principal. More
broadly, in the greater goals of equity the paid and exited earlier investor
should not be allowed to benefit from an ongoing fraud to the detriment of
remaining and unsatisfied later investors, merely because the earlier investor
was not itself to blame for the fraud. The earlier investor need return only
"the net profits of [its] investment--the difference between what [it] put in at
the beginning and what [it] had at the end." 56 F.3d at 757-758.

The analysis in Scholes v. Lehmann is communicated in a condensed  [**40] style.
The text itself resonates more with abstract concepts than with specific
statutory language. However, it is very much of a whole and it is structured
throughout by a notion of balance. The elements of the analysis very much
dovetail with the statutory vocabulary of § 548(a)(1)(B) and MUFTA.

And, there is no compelling reason to distinguish its analysis from a case where
participants in a Ponzi scheme's operation did so through infusions documented
as lending under fixed terms, rather than investment whether through equity
participation in a vehicle-entity or through the ostensible management of
placement into third-party forms with a segregation of principal for the
investor.25 Under the same considerations, the thing received by the
debtor-transferor is equally illusory, whether it is associated with payment
attributable to a fictitious profit (in the case of an investment-denominated
infusion) or interest at a contractual rate (in the case of a loan-denominated
infusion).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

25 The latter as in the Madoff scheme--or, for that matter, in the original
scheme purveyed by Charles Ponzi almost a century ago.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

For the analysis of value and reasonable equivalence, the relevant consideration
[**41] here is the benefit received by the vehicle-entity in exchange for the
payment out to those who infused money earlier. The return of capital or
investment improves the balance sheet of the vehicle-entity by reducing debits
to net worth. But, as to profit or interest paid out from other parties'
infusions, nothing is identifiable to real generation of income from past
infusions, and nothing is retained or received. It has been siphoned, on an
ongoing basis, toward the satisfaction of earlier infusers of money and away
from the purposes represented to later infusers.

In reality, the only consequence of the payment and receipt is the prolongation
of a fraudulent shell, and the piling-up of further harm to future
investor-infusers. And these are the central considerations for the Scholes
analysis, regardless of how the facade for the scheme was legally-structured and
documented. Cf. Perkins v. Haines, 661 F.3d 623, 628 (11th Cir. 2011) (". . . no
court has distinguished between equity investments and debt-based claims when
applying the general rule to fraudulent transfer actions arising out of a Ponzi
scheme").26

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

26 The court in Perkins v. Haines was addressing a posture of claims and
defenses  [**42] different from the one here. There, a suing trustee was seeking
to entirely bar defendants who had been equity investors from invoking the
statutory notion of "value" for their infusions and the repayments to them, for
their defense against the trustee's case in chief. The trustee's argument was
rejected with the quoted pronouncement. This was done on the observation that
the Ninth Circuit, the only one to treat this argument to that point, had
"rejected any attempts to distinguish between the forms of the investment" on an
application of the Scholes analysis. Id. (citing In re AFI Holding, Inc., 525
F.3d 700, 708-709 (9th Cir. 2008)). One is tempted to say that the obverse
application should be allowed here, on the principle of "sauce for the goose"
and nothing else. But there is a better reason for not excepting lending-case
infusions from the application of Scholes: it would elevate form over substance
to inequitable effect, when there is no defensible distinction to be drawn on
the undeniable equitable considerations that so strongly structured the
rationale in Scholes. There is also no distinction as to the expectancy of
repayment between an outright lender and an account-based  [**43] or
transaction-based "investor" with a contractual right to return of principal.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [*358]  So, under the statutes to be applied here, there is no value to be
attributed to the payment of anything beyond return of principal to a
lender-defendant. The status of lender-creditor, held under a
fraudulently-induced contract, is overridden in equity by the status of tort
creditor; and the only debt cognizable from such a status is an entitlement to
restitution of the principal. Nor, really, could there be reasonable equivalence
for the full amount of the transfer, regardless of a contractual entitlement to
interest that would otherwise equate to a debt owing in the understanding of the
statutes. No legitimate benefit is to be assigned to the vehicle-entity from the
siphoning toward such purposes. The value of the payment-out of ostensible
interest has no corresponding input received by the vehicle-debtor.

The analysis of Scholes v. Lehmann has been adopted in subsequent circuit-level
opinions. E.g., In re Hedged-Invs. Assocs., Inc., 84 F.3d 1286, 1290 (10th Cir.
1996); M & L Business Mach. Co., Inc., 84 F.3d 1330, 1340-1342 (10th Cir. 1996);
Donell v. Kowell, 533 F.3d 762, 770 (9th Cir. 2008); and Perkins  [**44] v.
Haines, cited earlier. See also In re Bernard L. Madoff Inv. Secs. LLC, 454 B.R.
317, 333-334 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2011) (collecting cases). Perkins v. Haines most
succinctly summarizes the structure of avoidability under this line of
authority:


     In the case of Ponzi schemes, the general rule is that a defrauded
     investor gives "value" to the Debtor in exchange for a return of the
     principal amount of the investment, but not as to any payments in
     excess of principal. . . . Courts have recognized that defrauded
     investors have a claim for fraud against the debtor arising as of the
     time of the initial investment. . . . Thus, any transfer up to the
     amount of the principal investment satisfies the investors' fraud
     claim (an antecedent debt) and is made for "value" in the form of the
     investor's surrender of his or her tort claim. Such payments are not
     subject to recovery by the debtor's trustee.


661 F.3d at 627.

Since Scholes, the division of challenged transfers into components equating to
principal and profit (or interest) and its respective assignment of avoidability
to each has become a virtual rule of thumb to begin an application of
fraudulent-transfer remedies, in this context. The "prevailing  [**45] view"
carries forward Scholes's first postulate, that value is received by the debtor
on repayment of principal, because "the debtor, and therefore the [later-arising
bankruptcy] estate of the debtor is neither richer nor poorer for having
returned the principal investment, since the payment thereby reduced the Ponzi
debtor's [deemed] restitution liability. . . ." See Phelps and Rhodes, supra at
p.10, § 3.02[3][a], at p.3-12. There does not seem to be any controversy in the
case law  [*359]  over the reasonable equivalence of the amount repaid on
principal to the benefit to be deemed to the debtor, dollar-for-dollar. Id.27
See, in particular, In re Independent Clearing House Co., 77 B.R. at 857. And
though a few courts have held that payments to investors above the return of
principal do constitute reasonably equivalent value, e.g., In re Churchill Mtg.
Inv. Corp., 256 B.R. 664, 680 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2000), aff'd, Balaber-Strauss v.
Lawrence, 264 B.R. 303 (S.D.N.Y. 2001), their rulings require an
inappropriately-blindered focus on the proprieties of the specific transaction.
The holistic approach of Scholes, its predecessors, and its progeny is the
appropriate one. See Phelps and Rhodes, supra at p.10,  [**46] § 3.02[1] - [3],
at pp. 3-2 to 3-19.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

27 Phelps and Rhodes do identify a difference in the case law, as to whether
only the raw amount of original principal investment alone is to be deemed as
reasonably equivalent, or whether the investor should get additional credit
against avoidance on a consideration of the time value of money. See Phelps and
Rhodes, supra at p.10, § 3.02[3][f], at pp. 3-18 to 3-19. This issue is not
presented by the parties here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Thus, as to the Trustee's pleaded case for avoidance on grounds of
constructively-fraudulent transfer, Ruling #9: The Trustee cannot exercise the
power of avoidance under the constructive-fraud theories of applicable statute
as to any Debtor's repayment to any defendant of principal on a loan or other
extension of credit previously made by that defendant to the Debtor, because
that repayment gave reasonably equivalent value to the Debtor via the
satisfaction of a preexisting debt on a claim for restitution. However, on
behalf of the appropriate bankruptcy estate, the Trustee may avoid, as a
constructively-fraudulent transfer within the scope of 11 U.S.C. § 548(a)(1)(B)
and Minn. Stat. §§ 513.44(a)(2) and 513.45(a), that portion of any payment
[**47] to any such defendant that was in excess of the amount of principal paid,
whether denominated as profit, interest, or otherwise, because the paying Debtor
did not receive a reasonably equivalent value from the defendant in exchange for
the payment.

ISSUE #10: AVAILABILITY OF AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSE TO AVOIDANCE OF
ACTUALLY-FRAUDULENT TRANSFER, ON ACCOUNT OF PAYMENT RECEIVED ON ANTECEDENT DEBT

The analysis of Scholes v. Lehmann applies directly to claims of
constructive-fraudulent transfer. However, it is only there that the concept of
value bears on the avoidability of the transfer in the first instance.  [HN4] A
transfer impugned as actually fraudulent (here, under 11 U.S.C. § 548(a)(1)(A)
or Minn. Stat. § 513.44(a)(1)) may be subjected to avoidance without considering
any exchange of value between the Debtor-transferor and the recipient. As a
matter of a plaintiff's case in chief, a transfer is avoidable upon proof of the
specified intent on the transferor's part and no more need be proven.

From that limited perspective, it would seem that the actual-fraud theory is the
far more powerful of the two--even considering the general difficulties of proof
for subjective intent as an element.28 However,  [**48] the lender-defendants
invoke a value-oriented affirmative defense, the one under 11 U.S.C. § 548(c)
and Minn. Stat. § 513.48(a), which applies to both varieties  [*360]  of
fraudulent-transfer claim.29 On this defense, they insist that their receipt of
payment from any Debtor is immune to avoidance as an actually-fraudulent
transfer, even if the Ponzi scheme presumption gives the Trustee a ready way to
satisfy the sole element of a specific intent.30

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

28 These difficulties have been recognized in the context of fraudulent-transfer
litigation in the case law; inter alia, In re Armstrong, 141 F.3d 799, 802 (8th
Cir. 1998).

29 The relevant text of these statutes is:


      [HN5] . . . a transferee . . . of such a transfer . . . that takes
     for value and in good faith . . . may retain any interest transferred
     . . . , to the extent that such transferee . . . gave value to the
     debtor in exchange for such transfer . . . .


11 U.S.C. § 548(c) (the prefatory exception, ". . . to the extent that a
transfer . . . voidable under 11 U.S.C. § 548(a) is voidable under [11 U.S.C.
§§] 544, 545, or 547," is irrelevant to the issue at bar), and
      [HN6] [a] transfer . . . is not voidable under [Minn. Stat. §]
     513.44(a)(1) against a person who  [**49] took in good faith and for a
     reasonably equivalent value or against any subsequent transferee . . .
     .




30 See Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], 24-33 for discussion on the
presumption and the use of it for this litigation.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

With that in mind, the lender-defendants challenge the sufficiency of the
Trustee's complaints. They argue that he has not stated enough facts to make out
a lack of good faith on their part in accepting the payments. (As a preliminary
for the defense, they proffered the classification of the payments as
satisfaction of a debt for principal and interest owing under contract, as
indisputably meeting the element of "takes for value." This was put forth quite
perfunctorily--in fact, it was close to a matter of assumption.)

When first advanced, this argument led to a point-counterpoint over whether the
Trustee was required to plead a detailed basis for a lack of good faith on the
part of the lender-defendants, in anticipation that his opponents might raise
the defense but before any lender-defendant had responded to his
fraudulent-transfer claims in any way. The Trustee insisted that he had no such
initial duty and there is much to be said for that. The surface rectitude
[**50] of his position was reinforced by the procedural posture of most of the
lender-defendants: they had not even bothered to responsively plead and instead
had rushed into motions for dismissal toward terminating the litigation early in
any way possible.31

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

31 But then there was the Trustee's substantive argument, that only "innocent"
lender-recipients should be allowed to retain a portion of payments received,
with the insinuation that lender-defendants had lacked good faith in taking
payment when the terms of the underlying deal had been so far from prevailing
market norms that the lenders' mere participation evidenced their complicity
with the Petters scheme. The Trustee premised this thrust on citations to
prominent authority, e.g., Donell v. Kowell, 533 F.3d at 772; and In re Bernard
L. Madoff Inv. Secs., LLC, 440 B.R. 243, 262-263 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2010) and
other cases cited therein. This gambit not only contained an inflamed hornet's
nest; it tipped it right over. Luckily, it need not be addressed now.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The sides then took "I win, I take all" approaches to the matter of value under
statute. This antagonism obscured the place of this distinct issue in an
effective consolidated-issues  [**51] procedure. When the true implications of
adopting Scholes's analysis are realized, however, this issue is put right out
front. And the affirmative defense can be addressed at this stage on the grounds
of substance; the adequacy of pleading has only secondary significance. The
resulting disposition of the good-faith issue will have real effect in
channeling this litigation.

Given the rulings on Issue #9, the following points should be obvious. The
affirmative defense of value received in good faith might shelter the
lender-defendants against the Trustee's actual-fraud claims to a like extent as
his constructive-fraud  [*361]  theories are sheltered. The payment of principal
constitutes "value" for the purposes of 11 U.S.C. § 548(c) and Minn. Stat. §
513.48(c), in the very same way as it does for § 548(a)(1)(B)(i) and Minn. Stat.
§ 513.44(a)(2). But under Scholes's rationale, the payment of interest or profit
lacks all value for the purposes of § 548(c) and Minn. Stat. § 513.48(c), just
as it does on the merits of a plaintiff's case in chief.

If a defendant in a fraudulent transfer action cannot prove both elements of
this affirmative defense, it cannot have its shelter. See e.g., Taylor v.
Sturgell, 553 U.S. 880, 907, 128 S.Ct. 2161, 171 L.Ed.2d 155 (2008)  [**52]
(explaining the "traditional allocation of the proof burden" for an affirmative
defense is to the party asserting them). See also Smith v. Sac Cnty., 78 U.S.
139, 147, 20 L. Ed. 102 (1870) (recognizing the principle by which a defendant
is bound to prove all the facts necessary to constitute a defense). Clearly,
under Scholes's analysis, the receipt of interest in this specific context does
not qualify as value received by a debtor. The lender-defendants cannot assert
that any Debtor-transferor received value from paying the interest they received
in transfers that were in furtherance of the Petters Ponzi scheme.

The defense, then, would fail as a matter of law as to this component of
payments received, for want of the ability to establish one of its essential
elements. Cf., Celotex Corp. v. Catrett, 477 U.S. 317, 322-323, 106 S. Ct. 2548,
91 L. Ed. 2d 265 (1986) (summary judgment on claim or defense is properly
granted to opponent of claim or defense, where record as a whole, including all
extant fruits of investigation and discovery, shows complete lack of evidence to
support an essential element, and respondent-proponent of claim or defense fails
to produce evidence to support finding to satisfy such element). Without  [**53]
question, the Trustee could recover the interest component of such a transfer on
his case in chief, in avoidance under an actual-fraud theory, upon proof of the
requisite intent.

The receipt of repaid principal, however, would constitute value for the
purposes of the affirmative defense.32 So, if a lender-defendant can meet its
own burden of proof on the other element, receipt in good faith, the Trustee may
not recover the principal component of payments made, even under an actual-fraud
theory.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

32 And because the receipt of "value" alone is the first element of the defense,
the element is satisfied. The matter of reasonable equivalence is irrelevant.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This doubles the discussion back around to the lender-defendants' attack on the
content of the Trustee's pleading, the orientation originally framed for this
issue. The argument seems to stem from two different premises, one more
enveloping than the other.

The broader point is an insinuation that the Trustee's own fact averments in his
complaints, if taken as true, set forth a full basis on which good faith could
be found in the lender-defendants' favor. Were this so, the Trustee would have
largely routed himself on the affirmative defense,  [**54] however
inadvertently, and his complaints would fail on their own content.

The lender-defendants' relied on Wycoff v. Menke, 773 F.2d 983 (8th Cir. 1985),
for this thrust. The cited authority, however, is inapposite. In that case, the
affirmative defense in question was the statute of limitations. Without the
pleading of circumstances on which to invoke tolling, a discovery allowance, or
the like, the complaint's citation of a single date for the event that
constituted the cause of action in suit did indeed enable a time-barring  [*362]
analysis to conclusive result; no extrinsic material had to be consulted or
used.

Wycoff, however, involved a defense much less fact-intensive in its core
operation. Here, the lender-defendants seem to be saying that good faith just
screams out from the Trustee's threshold recitations: the lender-defendants
loaned money to the Debtors; the Debtors paid it back per terms--and thus how
could that possibly not be in good faith?

The detailed backdrop allegations take care of that pat construction of the
pleadings: all of this was done in the Debtors' furtherance of a Ponzi scheme.
The lender-defendants would cast the Trustee as loading a weapon against
himself; but  [**55] the attempt fails, just like that.

Their other spin is that the Trustee had an affirmative burden to plead far more
facts on their lack of good faith than he did, to anticipate their raising of
the defense; and hence he should either be subjected to dismissal or ordered to
replead in detail.

The potential defense here is far more fact-specific than the one in Wycoff v.
Menke. That puts much more significance on the stage in litigation at which the
lender-defendants raise their point. In the specific context of a fraudulent
transfer action, it has been held locally that  [HN7] facts going to a
defendant's potential good faith defense have no relevancy at the stage of a
motion for dismissal brought on the ground that the plaintiff has not pleaded a
prima facie basis for its claim, and hence the state of pleading as to such
facts is irrelevant then. S.E.C. v. Brown, 643 F. Supp. 2d 1077, 1078 (D. Minn.
2009); United States v. Bame, 778 F.Supp.2d 988, 993 (D. Minn. 2011). There is
authority to the contrary from other jurisdictions 33; but the rule applied by
our district court is the rule to apply here. See also In re Bernard L. Madoff
Inv. Secs., LLC, 454 B.R. 317, 331 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2011); In re Dreier LLP, 453
B.R. 499, 510 n.6 and 511 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2011) [**56] .

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

33 In re Churchill Mortg. Inv. Corp., 256 B.R. at 676, aff'd, 264 B.R. at 308;
In re Image Masters, Inc., 421 B.R. 164, 183 (Bankr. E.D. Pa. 2009).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

It nonetheless is appropriate to make a short reference to the factual content
of the Trustee's complaints that was expressly directed toward the issue of
defendant-transferees' good faith. For his pleading against most of the
lender-defendants, the Trustee cites the Debtors' consent to interest rates
alleged to have been abnormally high, as a basis on which to deem the
lender-defendants on inquiry notice of something very wrong behind the Debtors'
facade. He proposes this circumstance, and sometimes others, as the basis for an
ultimate finding, lack of good faith on their part in taking payment.

The thought behind this position is somewhat attenuated; such averments
certainly do not shout for a finding of complicity in the Petters scheme. In
isolation, the implications of such circumstance may not be enough to defeat a
case for the affirmative defense. However, for pleading purposes it was not the
Trustee's burden to recite more by way of circumstances, greater in number or
more anomalous, in anticipation of  [**57] a future raising of the defense.

Thus, Ruling #10: The defense of receipt for value in good faith under 11 U.S.C.
§ 548(c) and Minn. Stat. § 513.48(c) is not available to the lender-defendants,
as to any amount paid to them by the Debtors in interest or on any account other
than repayment of principal, because the Debtors did not receive "value" in
return for the payments thus made. The same defense may be available to the
lender-defendants  [*363]  as to an avoidance of repayments of principal that
the Debtors made to them, upon invocation by responsive pleading and proof that
they received such payments in good faith. The Trustee had no duty to
anticipatorily plead facts going to the issue of the lender-defendants' receipt
in good faith. His complaints are not deficient as to this issue.

ISSUE #11: ADEQUACY OF PLEADING ON INSIDER STATUS OF EMPLOYEE-DEFENDANTS.

A. Introduction.

As part of his original "clawback" effort, the Trustee sued 26 individual
defendants for the avoidance of transfers that had been made to them in
connection with their employment by one or more of the Debtors. He alleged that
these defendants had been insiders of one or more employer-Debtors when they
received the transfers,  [**58] in a specific sense under statute. For his legal
basis of suit, the Trustee invoked Minn. Stat. §§ 513.44(b)(1), under the
empowerment of 11 U.S.C. § 544(b).34 Were insider status properly pleaded and
then proven, the substantive advantage to the estates under the state-law theory
of suit is significant: the Trustee need not prove a lack of reasonably
equivalent value as he must for a case of constructive fraud, and
insider-defendants may be per se barred from asserting good faith toward
maintaining the affirmative defense of Minn. Stat. § 513.48(c). See Bartholomew
v. Avalon Capital Grp., Inc., 828 F.Supp.2d 1019, 1029 (D. Minn. 2009), and
Minnesota state cases cited there.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

34 As to empowerment of the Trustee under § 544(b), to wield avoidance powers
under state law, see First Memorandum [Dkt. No. 1951] at 8, n.6, 494 B.R. at 421
n.6, and Eighth Circuit opinions cited there. The provision of MUFTA that gives
special treatment to claims against insider-defendants is:


      [HN8] (b) A transfer made by a debtor is fraudulent as to a creditor
     whose claim arose before the transfer was made if the transfer was
     made to an insider for an antecedent debt, the debtor was insolvent at
     that time, and the insider  [**59] had reasonable cause to believe
     that the debtor was insolvent.


Minn. Stat. § 513.45(b).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Most of the employee-defendants joined forces early in the litigation. They
coordinated a common defense to the Trustee's claims. As part of that, they
jointly argued that the Trustee had failed to plead sufficient fact allegations
to make out insider status as to any of them, even if the Trustee's actual fact
pleading were assumed to be true.35

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

35 Many of the employee-defendants, including some alleged to have been
insiders, engaged in mediation with the Trustee during the course of the
consolidated-issues procedure, and quite a few settlements were reached. Fewer
than a dozen adversary proceedings remain pending against employee-defendants
alleged to have been insiders. In general, the amounts the Trustee seeks to
recover from these remaining defendants are large; and the proceedings remain
open and actively defended.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This argument directly resonates with the Supreme Court's recent articulation of
[HN9] the standard for pleading, which requires "enough facts to state a claim
to relief that is plausible on its face." Bell Atlantic Corp. v. Twombly, 550
U.S. 544, 570, 127 S. Ct. 1955, 167 L. Ed. 2d 929 (2007) (emphasis added). In
particular,  [**60] a complaint must provide "more than labels and conclusions,
and a formulaic recitation of the elements of a cause of action will not do."
Id. at 555. Thus, after a canvassing of fact pleading to identify and segregate
such empty assertions, the court is to "assume [the] veracity" of "well-pleaded
factual allegations . . . and then determine whether they plausibly give rise to
an entitlement to relief." Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 556 U.S. 662, 679, 129 S. Ct.
1937,  [*364]  173 L. Ed. 2d 868 (2009). As noted earlier, the statutory
irrelevance of value to a prima facie case for Minn. Stat. § 513.45(b) benefits
the estates; the possible issues in contention are significantly narrowed, and
the latitude of defense is restricted. Given that impact, it is appropriate to
require the Trustee to adequately plead the special status of insider for each
such defendant sued in that capacity.

B. Insider Status: Nature and Proof.

 [HN10] For avoidance litigation in a bankruptcy case, the determination of
insider status "is a mixed question of law and fact and not merely a question of
fact." In re Rosen Auto Leasing, Inc., 346 B.R. 798, 803 (B.A.P. 8th Cir. 2006).
Where, as here, a trustee relies on the empowerment of § 544(b) to invoke the
state law of fraudulent  [**61] transfer, insider status is governed by state
law. However, the definition of the term "insider" under MUFTA is almost
identical to the Bankruptcy Code's. Thus, "one can fairly make use of [case law
construing] both to determine" whether a given defendant was an insider under
one statute or the other. In re Northgate Computer Systs., Inc., 240 B.R. 328,
362 (Bankr. D. Minn. 1999).36

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

36 In other contexts, the Eighth Circuit has expressly favored harmonizing the
judicial construction of the states' enactments of the Uniform Fraudulent
Transfer Act with the construction of 11 U.S.C. § 548, where the wording of
applicable substantive provisions is closely cognate. See discussion in Amended
Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018], at 24 n.32.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN11] In the parts pertinent to this litigation, Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)
defines the term "insider" as:


     (. . .)

     (ii) if the debtor is a corporation,


          (A) a director of the debtor;

          (B) an officer of the debtor;

          (C) a person in control of the debtor;

          (D) a partnership in which the debtor is a general partner;

          (E) a general partner in a partnership described in clause
          (D); or

          (F) a relative of a general partner, director, officer, or
          person in control of the debtor;



     . . . .

     (iv)  [**62] an affiliate, or an insider of an affiliate as if the
     affiliate were the debtor; and

     (v) a managing agent of the debtor.37


This non-exclusive roster of examples is essentially identical to the relevant
part of 11 U.S.C. § 101(31).38 Given the lack of case law authority under the
Minnesota statute, the near-coincidence of the specific statutory texts, and the
texts' placement in cognate statutes for the very same remedies, it is
appropriate to consult judicial constructions of the Bankruptcy Code's
definition to apply the Minnesota one.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

37 The statutory text that applies to debtors that are individuals or
partnerships is not relevant here, and hence is not quoted.

38  [HN12] The term "insider" includes--


     . . . .

     (B) if the debtor is a corporation--


          (i) director of the debtor;

          (ii) officer of the debtor;

          (iii) person in control of the debtor;

          (iv) partnership in which the debtor is a general partner;

          (v) general partner of the debtor; or

          (vi) relative of a general partner, director, officer, or
          person in control of the debtor;



     . . . .

     (E) affiliate, or insider of an affiliate as if such affiliate were
     the debtor; and

     (F) managing agent of the debtor.



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [HN13] Most of these provisions exemplify "insider" by concrete
characteristics.  [**63] However, the concept encompasses any entity that had "a
sufficiently close relationship  [*365]  with the debtor that his conduct is
made subject to closer scrutiny than those dealing at arm's length with the
debtor." In re Krehl, 86 F.3d 737, 741 (7th Cir. 1996) (quoting S. Rep. No. 989,
95th Cong., 2d Sess. (1978) (cited In re Dygert, 2000 Bankr. LEXIS 626, 2000 WL
630833 (Bankr. D. Minn. May 11, 2000).

As a result, in construing § 101(31) the courts have referred to two categories:
statutory insiders, i.e., those possessing an office or status among those
enumerated in the statute; and non-statutory insiders, those who fall within the
legislative intent for the definition but are "outside of any of the enumerated
categories." E.g., In re Winstar Commc'ns, Inc., 554 F.3d 382, 395 (3rd Cir.
2009).

For all but one of the cited categories of statutory insider, the mere
possession of the specified formal legal or contractual relationship with a
corporate debtor, 11 U.S.C. § 101(31)(B)(i)-(ii), is enough to make a defendant
an insider. This is a per se rule. As to directors, officers, and managing
agents, it stems from the ability to influence corporate decision-making that
customarily comes with such formal status. In re El Comandante Mgmt. Co., LLC,
388 B.R. 469, 474 (Bankr. D. P.R. 2008);  [**64] In re Badger Frtwys., Inc., 106
B.R. 971, 980-981 (Bankr. N.D. Ill. 1989). Where a defendant holds the title of
officer but the position is not vested with major decision-making authority in
its own right, the possession of the titled status alone still suffices to make
such a defendant an insider. Fieldstone Mortg. Co., 2008 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 91479,
2008 WL 4826291 (D. Md. Nov. 5, 2008).39

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

39 Insider status is also assigned to defendants who have a familial
relationship with a possessor of such a legal status with a corporate debtor (11
U.S.C. § 101(31)(B)(vi)). This type of insider status is not implicated in any
of the adversary proceedings here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Thus, for defendants who are formal office-holders of any of the Debtors at bar,
or who were familial relatives of such office-holders, the mere averment that
the defendant held the status is sufficient to plead insider status plausibly.

[HN14] However, the one other alternative (under Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(ii)(C)
and 11 U.S.C. § 101(31)(B)(iii)), "a person in control of the debtor," is
fact-intensive. In re ABC Elec. Servs., Inc., 190 B.R. 672, 675 (Bankr. M.D.
Fla. 1995). This sort of statutory insider status turns on "whether . . . the
facts indicate an opportunity  [**65] to self-deal or [to] exert more control
over the debtor's affairs than is available to other creditors." Id.

The defendant must have "actual control (or its close equivalent)." In re
Winstar Commc'ns, Inc., 554 F.3d at 396. This actual control has been identified
as "the ability of the [defendant] to 'unqualifiably dictate corporate policy
and the disposition of corporate assets.'" In re U.S. Medical, Inc., 531 F.3d
1272, 1279 (10th Cir. 2008). A finding of actual control may be based upon the
direction of "such things as the [d]ebtor's personnel or contract decisions,
production schedules or accounts payable." In re ABC Elec. Servs., Inc. 190 B.R.
at 675.

[HN15] Given the expressly non-exclusive character of the statutes' enumeration,
non-statutory insider status may be found on other aspects of a relationship
between debtor and defendant. The issue is again fact-intensive, and the
determination must be made on a case-by-case basis. In re Richmond, 429 B.R.
263, 297 (Bankr. E.D. Ark. 2010); In re A. Tarricone, Inc., 286 B.R. 256, 262
(Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2002). The courts have identified two major considerations for
the determination:


     1. the closeness of the relationship between debtor and defendant;
     [**66] and

     2. the place of the transfers in a transaction that was conducted at
     arms-length, or not.


 [*366]  In re Winstar Commc'ns, Inc., 554 F.3d at 397-398; In re Bruno Mach.
Corp., 435 B.R. 819, 833 (Bankr. N.D.N.Y. 2010). "[T]he degree of control or
influence the transferee exert[ed] over the debtor" may be considered. In re
Oakwood Homes Corp., 340 B.R. 510, 523 (Bankr. D. Del. 2006). However, a showing
of such "control is not required" for non-statutory insider status. In re
Winstar Commc'ns, Inc., 554 F.3d at 395-396.40 And, a closeness of relationship
alone is not sufficient to establish insider status for the avoidance of a
particular transfer. There must also be something anomalous, beyond arms-length,
about the transaction that featured the transfer. In re Miller Homes, LLC, 2009
Bankr. LEXIS 3907, 2009 WL 4430267 (Bankr. D. N.J. Nov. 25, 2009) (trusted
lawyer for corporation-debtor could not be classified as insider for avoidance
action; though lawyer had unusually close relationship to debtor-client,
transaction in question appeared to have been conducted at arms length).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

40 The Winstar Commc'ns court appropriately reached this conclusion from the
incongruity that would otherwise arise from the full content of  [**67] the
statute. Were a high degree of control required for non-statutory insider
status, the option for statutory insider status as "a person in control of the
debtor," § 101(31)(B)(iii), would render meaningless the nonexclusivity of the
statutory enumeration. 554 F.3d at 396.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Because non-insider status is fact-intensive, a plaintiff-trustee's assertion of
it is not to be finally determined on a motion to dismiss as long as sufficient
facts have been pleaded toward the two considerations. Clearly, those facts can
vary greatly on a case-by-case basis. A few examples meriting the status appear
in the previously-cited cases:


     1. A major creditor to a deeply-indebted debtor-borrower forcing the
     debtor to purchase equipment long before it was actually needed and
     then forcing the turnover of other corporate monies by threatening to
     cut off lending under a revolving facility. In re Winstar Commc'ns,
     Inc., 554 F.3d at 394.

     2. A golf buddy of a statutory insider of the debtor, who was a former
     director of the debtor himself, having made a $200,000.00 loan to the
     debtor without having performed due diligence and on the request of
     the statutory insider alone. In re A. Tarricone, Inc., 286 B.R. at
     269-270.

     3.  [**68] A close personal friend of the owner of a
     corporation-debtor who made an unsecured loan of $300,000.00 to his
     friend's company without inquiring into the company's ability to pay.
     In re Bruno Mach. Corp., 435 B.R. at 834-835.

     4. A lawyer who maintained a close personal relationship with the
     company's owner and who then participated in the fraudulent activities
     of the debtor. In re Continental Capital Inv. Servs., Inc., 2006
     Bankr. LEXIS 5164, 2006 WL 6179374 (Bankr. N.D. Ohio 2006).




C. Pleading Standard for Insider Status, in Application.

In general, the Trustee's pleading for insider status is terse, across all of
the complaints against employee-defendants. Its content separates out in line
with the case law's analysis, though most of the complaints allege in the
alternative that a particular defendant held insider status on two or three
different bases.

1. Defendants Alleged to be Insiders in Capacity of Officers or Directors of a
Debtor. Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(ii)(A) - (B).

As an example involving a specific status as an officer or director of a
referent Debtor,  [*367]  the Trustee's complaint against David Baer read:


     Defendant was the Chief Legal Officer of PCI and PGW and,
     consequently, had special knowledge or access  [**69] to information
     regarding the Ponzi scheme, was a control person of PCI and PGW, and
     was an insider within the meaning of Section 101(31) of the Bankruptcy
     Code.


Complaint, Kelley v. Baer, ADV 10-4370 [Dkt. No. 1, ¶ 44]. There is a simple
identification of the defendant as the holder of a specific corporate office
with two named Debtors, held at all times relevant to the Trustee's fraudulent
transfer claims.41 Given the per se operation of Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(ii)(B),
this is the only fact essential to pleading this sort of insider status, as to
such a defendant. For any defendant expressly alleged to have held a status
designated as "officer" for one of the Debtors, particularly an office
designated in articles or bylaws; or for any defendant alleged to have been a
"director" in the sense of a member of a governing board, such a statement of
fact will suffice as a plausible basis for insider status under Minn. Stat. §
513.41(7)(ii)(A) - (B).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

41 While fairly terse in the quoted allegations, the Baer complaint does
simultaneously plead toward all three alternatives for insider status.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


2. Defendants Alleged to Have Been Insiders of Affiliates of a Debtor. Minn.
Stat. § 513.41(7)(iv).

For  [**70] other defendants, the Trustee pleaded derivative statutory insider
status under the rubric of being an insider of an affiliate of one of the
Debtors (in the sense of being an officer, director, or in control of that
entity). Generally, this was coupled with the pleading of non-statutory insider
status as to a Debtor or an affiliate, under comparable considerations that did
not expressly allege control. For instance,


     Defendant was the President of Petters International, a wholly owned
     subsidiary of PGW, and CEO of Petters Consumer Brands, LLC.
     Consequently, Defendant had special knowledge or access to information
     regarding the Ponzi scheme, was a control person of Petters
     International and Petters Consumer Brands, LLC, and was an insider
     within the meaning of Section 101(31) of the Bankruptcy Code.


Complaint, Kelley v. O'Shaughnessy, ADV 10-4401 [Dkt. No. 1, ¶ 44].42
     Defendant was the President of Petters International, a wholly owned
     subsidiary of PGW, and CEO of Petters Consumer Brands, LLC.
     Consequently, Defendant had special knowledge or access to information
     regarding the Ponzi scheme, was a control person of Petters
     International and Petters Consumer Brands, LLC, and was an insider
     [**71] within the meaning of Section 101(31) of the Bankruptcy Code.


Complaint, Kelley v. Harmer, ADV 10-4372 [Dkt. No. 1, ¶ 44];
     Defendant is a former Deputy Chief Legal Counsel of PGW, General
     Counsel for SpringWorks, LLC and General Counsel for Polaroid
     Corporation, both subsidiaries of PGW, and was part of Petters' and
     his affiliated entities' management team and inner circle.
     Consequently, he is an insider within the meaning of Section 101(31)
     of the Bankruptcy Code.


Complaint, Kelley v. Phelps, ADV 10-4342 [Dkt. No. 1, ¶ 44); and
      [*368]  Defendant is the former Chief Executive Officer of
     SpringWorks, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGW, and was part of
     Petters' and his affiliated entities' management team and inner
     circle. Consequently, he is an insider within the meaning of Section
     101(31) of the Bankruptcy Code.


Complaint, Kelley v. Danko, ADV 10-4339 [Dkt. No. 1, ¶ 44).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

42 The quoted paragraph does not include an allegation that any of the named
companies (for which defendant O'Shaughnessy is alleged to have served as an
officer), were subsidiaries of any of the named Debtors. The record in other
litigation in these and the Polaroid Corporation cases suggest that the full
ownership of the Polaroid  [**72] Corporation and its affiliates was traceable
up into Debtor PGW.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Such pleading does allege enough for insider status as an insider of an
affiliate of a debtor-transferor, Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(iv), when one assumes
as true the recitation of status as officer with a subsidiary of one of the
named Debtors.43

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

43 A subsidiary in which a debtor in bankruptcy holds at least 20% of the
outstanding voting securities is an "affiliate." 11 U.S.C. § 101(2)(B).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Where the Trustee pleads such affiliate-insider status, he usually tries to
augment it by alleging the possession of "control," whether over the affiliates
or over the Debtors. This is usually done in summary fashion, coupled with the
allegation of membership in a "management team and inner circle" to support an
allegation of de facto "control of the debtor." To similar attempted effect, the
O'Shaughnessy complaint, quoted previously, pleads the status of "control person
of" a Debtor, which is alleged to have featured the ability "to exert influence
over the Debtors and attain (sic) [the] excessive Transfers." As to such
defendants, the only fact pleading is this unspecified "close relationship" to a
referent Debtor or Debtors, a connotative  [**73] phrasing of an informal status
that is supposed to equate without more to the historical de facto exercise of
"control of the debtor."

This sort of inferential jump in pleading makes sense for high corporate
officers of a debtor itself, and probably for officers of an affiliate that is
alleged to be operationally intertwined with a debtor. For instance, a chief
executive officer by nature makes and executes decisions that affect the full
range of a corporate entity's operations. A CEO both is vested with control, and
presumptively exercises it. That inferential process is entirely natural for the
very top officer of a corporation; and it must apply absent specific pleading
(responsive or otherwise) of figurehead or dummy status with a mere title.

For any other officer status with a debtor or an affiliate, particularly ones
outside the top recognized echelons of CEO or other management-officers, the
terse pleading of an individual defendant's membership in an "inside circle" or
the maintenance of a close relationship with a debtor or its principal, coupled
or not with the words "control" or influence, is only a "label or conclusion."
Here, if such an averment is directed toward an additional  [**74]
statutory-insider status as a person in control, it must be accompanied by some
pleading of acts of real exercise of decisive control over one of the Debtors,
or at least control over important, major functions of the Debtor's business. To
the extent that such pleading is lacking and there is no pleading of per se
insider status as officer or director, a complaint does not plausibly state the
case under Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7)(ii)(C) and that alternative claim of insider
status may not be maintained under it.

3. Allegation of Membership in "Management Team and Inner Circle" as Basis for
Non-Statutory Insider Status. Minn. Stat. § 513.41(7), in General.

For most or all defendants, the Trustee seemed to plead the more generalized
status of non-statutory insider in the alternative to one or more of the other
classes. For a small group, this appeared to be the only pleaded classification.
The following  [*369]  is the most salient such pleading among the adversary
proceedings still pending:


     Defendant is the former Executive Vice-President of Sales for a number
     of Petters entities, PGW, Petters Consumer Brands, LLC, Brand
     Management Americas, and Polaroid Corporation and the former
     Vice-President of  [**75] Sales for RedTagOutlet.com, also a PGW
     subsidiary. He also was identified by Petters as a "Strategic Partner"
     with special access to Petters and his Associates and was an
     influential part of Petters' and his affiliated entities' management
     team and inner circle at all times relevant herein. By virtue of his
     close relationship with Petters, his Associates and the Debtors,
     Defendant was able to exert influence over the Debtors and attain
     excessive Transfers. Consequently, he is an insider within the meaning
     of Section 101(31) of the Bankruptcy Code.


Complaint Kelley v. Ratliff, ADV 10-4409, ¶ 45. This pleading lacks a basis for
statutory-insider status, whether position- or control-derived. By its very
wording, the identified position, "Executive Vice-President of Sales," cannot
denote the sort of control over general policy and full operations held by those
in the status of director or upper officer. If the averments of this complaint
could qualify for insider status at all, it would have to be under the rubric of
non-statutory insider.

[HN16] Because the cases have emphasized the fact-intensive nature of this
classification, the Twombly/Iqbal standard clearly puts a premium on specificity
in  [**76] pleading for it. A bare recitation that a defendant had a favored
spot on a "team" or "circle" speaks nothing to the nature of the challenged
transfer or the surrounding transaction as arms-length or anomalous. It does not
speak in any decisive way to the "closeness" of a relationship, or to the degree
of true access or power derived from it. (After all, the "team" or "circle"
around a charismatic but amoral schemer can include individuals who are not
really in the know, who function only as "yes-persons," whose actual interface
with the action of corporate governance is sporadic or shallow, or who function
as window-dressing toward a facade of inclusiveness and objectively-based
decision-making. History features many examples of such.)

[HN17] The fact-pleading for non-statutory insider status must go beyond a
conclusory recitation of such membership. As one alternative, there should be
more specific allegations of the frequency, nature, setting, and quality of the
interaction between the alleged insider-defendant and the Debtor and its
governing principles. As to defendant Ratliff, that is satisfied by the
allegation that he had "Strategic Partner" status, conferred by Tom Petters
himself,  [**77] and that this entailed both "special access" to Petters and his
confederates (i.e., those individuals involved in the operation of the Ponzi
scheme) and "influence over the Debtors" toward levering the challenged payments
to him.

As importantly, the Trustee's complaints against employee-defendants must also
be measured as to the arms-length character of transfers made to defendants in
the course of employment relationships, measured objectively, as another point
of fact bearing on insider status. In their briefing, the employee-defendants
argue that the Trustee's pleading is devoid of such detail.

This is not entirely fair to the Trustee because the argument on this point
focused exclusively on the complaints' single paragraph that went specifically
to insider status. It ignored the rest of the complaints' text. In pursuing the
avoidance of such transfers characterized as unwarranted bonus payments and
overly-lavish compensation, the Trustee did include separate fact-pleading to
support his case on constructive fraud: allegations that the magnitude of
payments made at Tom Petters's  [*370]  direction was grossly in excess of the
reasonable value of services that the employees had actually rendered  [**78] to
their employing Debtors. The adequacy of the Trustee's pleading against
employee-defendants on the reasonable equivalence of these values was analyzed
in the second stage of the consolidated-issues presentation, and that pleading
was ratified as to plausibility. Amended Second Memorandum [Dkt. No. 2018],
45-48.

Those same facts relate reasonably well to the issue of arms-length character or
lack thereof, in the sense of normality versus anomality, as it bears on
non-statutory insider status.44 To the extent that the Trustee averred that
challenged payments significantly exceeded general norms for employee
compensation or any other disbursement of an unusual character or amount, his
pleading will meet muster for plausibility under the second consideration. And,
such fact averments need not be in proximity to any more conclusory assertion of
a defendant's insider status, or even feature a pleaded cross-reference between
the relevant parts of the text.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

44 An observation as to a nuance that some defendant will probably raise later:
yes, the notion of a transaction not at arms-length can carry the connotation of
overreaching, excessive influence, manipulation, on up to overt coercion. And,
[**79] of course, such exploitation logically presupposes an inducement that
overwhelms resistance, or some other manipulative exercise of control over the
transferor. Such control likely was not possessed by administrative-employee
recipients of bonuses, or even some specialized corporate officers within the
Petters enterprise structure. In context, however, the use of the phrase
"arms-length" for this consideration is more appropriately read as a reference
to the character of the transfer itself, i.e., whether it falls within a range
of normality for similar surrounding circumstances, than it is to the motive
power exercised to bring about the transfer. Of the four examples of
transactional backdrop cited for non-statutory insider status at pp. 36-37,
supra, only one involved a formal legal structure through which threats could
convincingly be enforced and decisive de facto control could be exploited.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


4. Conclusions.

Thus, Ruling #11: For any defendant who was an employee of any Debtor or an
affiliate of a Debtor, the Trustee adequately pleads the status of insider
within the examples enumerated in MUFTA when he avers that such a defendant held
the position of officer or director with a named  [**80] Debtor in these cases;
or with a named company identified as a subsidiary of such a Debtor and
qualifying as an affiliate of that Debtor under applicable law. To plead the
status of insider as a "person in control of" a Debtor under applicable statute,
an averment solely of that defendant's membership in a "management team" or an
"inner circle" formed by persons who were legally in control of a Debtor, is not
sufficient; the Trustee must also plead additional facts going to the
defendant's actual exercise of decisive control over a Debtor or important,
major functions of a Debtor. To plead insider status on grounds other than those
enumerated in applicable statute, the Trustee must plead that a defendant had a
status with, or access to, persons in control of a Debtor, with a corresponding
close relationship and the opportunity to influence the decision-making for the
Debtor's activities, and coupled with specific allegations that the transfers to
the defendant were not at arms length.

ISSUE #12: ACTIONABILITY OF CLAIMS FOR UNJUST ENRICHMENT OR OTHER EQUITABLE
REMEDIES ON SAME PLEADED FACTS AS CLAIMS FOR AVOIDANCE OF FRAUDULENT TRANSFER.

A. Introduction.

As an alternate substantive theory  [**81] of recovery, the Trustee pleaded
claims under  [*371]  the rubric of equity against most or all of the
defendants, specifically unjust enrichment or "equitable disgorgement." He based
these claims on an incorporation-by-reference of all the same fact allegations
on which he brought his fraudulent-transfer claims, without pleading additional
factual matter. An example of the text for these claims is found in his
complaint against defendant David Baer:


     107. At all times relevant hereto, all funds received by Defendant
     were part and parcel of the Ponzi scheme and were derived from monies
     fraudulently obtained by Petters and PCI and from other investors or
     participants in the Ponzi scheme.

     108. Defendant, as the recipient of fraudulently obtained proceeds of
     the Ponzi scheme has no rightful or legitimate claim to such monies.

     109. Defendant knowingly received monies from the Debtors and those
     monies were derived from the Ponzi scheme, and he was unjustly
     enriched through his receipt of the fraudulently obtained monies to
     the detriment of the PCI and PGW estates, and in equity and good
     conscience must be required to repay the proceeds received.

     110. Defendant would be unjustly enriched to the extent  [**82] he is
     allowed to retain the monies and proceeds received during its
     participation in the Ponzi scheme.

     111. Defendant must, therefore, in equity be required to disgorge all
     proceeds received through the operation of the Ponzi scheme, so as to
     allow the Trustee to distribute in equity any such ill-gotten gains
     among all innocent investors and creditors of PCI and PGW.


Complaint, Kelley v. Baer, ADV 10-4370, ¶¶ 107-111.

The Trustee's assertion of these claims generated a welter of arguments for
dismissal from the defense.45 In number and nature, most of them parallel the
defense's multiple attacks on the Trustee's fraudulent transfer claims:

1. Standing: Does the Trustee assert standing to sue the defendants on unjust
enrichment claims under 11 U.S.C. § 105(a), or derivative to the right of a
creditor pursuant to 11 U.S.C. § 544(b)?46 If the latter, how does the Trustee's
assertion of standing meet governing Eighth Circuit precedent, i.e., In re Ozark
Rest. Equip. Co., 816 F.2d 1222 (8th Cir. 1987)? And if he does, must the
Trustee identify a specific creditor from which he derives standing, and is he
required to name a creditor that was injured by the specific transfers the
Trustee would  [**83] have avoided, i.e., that had an unpaid claim against a
Debtor at the very time of the transfer?

2. The Scope of Asserted Remedy: If the Trustee has a platform for derivative
standing to sue any particular defendant under § 544(b), is a claim for monetary
relief on the ground of unjust enrichment the sort of right of action with which
§ 544(b) vests him? Put another way, does the recovery of a money judgment
equate to the avoidance of a transfer of an interest of the debtor in property
that is  [*372]  specified as the remedy that § 544(b) vests in a trustee?

3. Adequacy of Pleading: Is the Trustee required to plead that a defendant acted
illegally or unlawfully in receiving the subject transfers? Need the Trustee
plead knowledge on the part of a defendant-transferee, that it was receiving
something of value to which it was not entitled?

4. Actionability of Transfers Received Pursuant to Contract: May a party
claiming to be aggrieved under an unjust-enrichment theory, on account of past
third-party transfers made by its debtor, recover from a transferee that
received the transfers pursuant to a contract, which the transferee asserts to
have been regular on its face and valid and legally enforceable  [**84] at that
time?

5. Timeliness of Suit: Though there is no dispute that the Trustee's unjust
enrichment claims are subject to a six-year limitations period under Minn. Stat.
§ 541.05, Subd. 1(1), which began at the time the subject transfers were made,47
was this period subject to tolling under the fraudulent concealment doctrine, on
account of the clandestine activity of Tom Petters and his confederates in
concealing the Ponzi scheme?

6. Defense of In Pari Delicto: Are the Trustee's claims for unjust enrichment
barred by the doctrine of in pari delicto?

7. Equitable Remedies and Legal Remedies: Is the Trustee barred from asserting
the equitable remedy of unjust enrichment as to the same transfers he seeks to
have avoided as fraudulent transfers, a remedy at law, where he relies on the
very same facts in invoking both remedies?

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

45 Most of these arguments were best and most fully articulated by the
defendants in Kelley v. General Electric Capital Corp. [ADV 10-4418] and Kelley
v. Westford Special Situations Master Fund, L.P., et al [ADV 10-4396]. However,
when it came time to brief their own motions and then to line up for the
consolidated-issues treatment, numerous defendants took benefit  [**85] from the
work of these heavy lifters and adopted their arguments by reference.

46 For the nature of the vesting of standing under § 544(b), see First
Memorandum [Dkt. No. 1951], 8 n.6.

47 Bonhiver v. Graff, 311 Minn. 111, 248 N.W.2d 291, 296 (1976); Block v.
Litchy, 428 N.W.2d 850, 854 (Minn. Ct. App. 1998).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


B. Resolution (Occam's Razor in Action).

Airing, examining, and ruling on these issues would have required another
lengthy memorandum for them alone. It would have been another grueling task of
adjudication. And, the effort would have been put to a theory of recovery that
was only asserted in the alternative, a lawyerly hedge on the part of the
Trustee and his counsel.

That burden was eased by the issuance of an opinion from the Eighth Circuit
Court of Appeals only seven weeks ago. United States v. Bame, 721 F.3d 1025 (8th
Cir. 2013) specifically addresses the propriety of jointly invoking the very
same bank of remedies, in litigation with a comparable posture, against the
recipient of transfers from a plaintiff's debtor. This is the very same subject
as the seventh subsidiary-issue just summarized. The treatment of it in Bame
preempts the Trustee's whole position and the rest of the defense's contentions
[**86] alike. It cuts down the whole controversy between the parties at bar, and
enables a complete resolution right now.

Bame was an action by the United States to redress the erroneous disbursement of
over half a million dollars to an individual, Fred Bame, in the form of an
income tax refund to which he was not entitled. Fred Bame negotiated the check
and dissipated the funds quickly. He used a major part of the money to settle
third-party debts owed by his ex-wife Jo Anna Bame. (The marriage between Fred
and Jo Anna had been legally dissolved four years before the issuance of the
erroneous tax refund. But, per the Eighth Circuit's recitation of facts, the two
clearly had a  [*373]  continuing personal relationship and cooperation.)

Fred Bame died in 2007. The Government tried to recoup its loss through the
probate process. That effort was unavailing. It then pursued a recovery from
surviving ex-wife Jo Anna and two business entities owned by her. (The corporate
defendants were associated with the operation of a resort in Canada. The resort
had previously been owned by Fred and Jo Anna, successively, in their individual
capacities.)

The Government's lawsuit was styled in ways familiar to the participants  [**87]
in the PCI/PGW litigation: claims in the alternative for avoidance of fraudulent
transfers and for recovery under equitable theories--money had and received and
unjust enrichment. Jo Anna's motion to dismiss the fraudulent transfer count on
adequacy of pleading was denied. United States v. Bame, 778 F.Supp.2d 988 (D.
Minn. 2011). The parties later brought cross-motions for summary judgment on all
counts. The district court granted summary judgment for the United States on the
unjust enrichment claim. It "did not discuss or rule on the statutory claims,
noting only that they 'raised several issues' which the court 'need not
address.'" United States v. Bame, 721 F.3d at 1028.

Jo Anna appealed on alternate arguments. The first was that summary judgment had
been inappropriately granted due to the existence of triable fact issues on her
affirmative defenses (good faith and legal "entitlement to the money"). The
second was that the equitable remedy of unjust enrichment was unavailable to the
Government on the facts pled in common for all counts, in light of the
simultaneous assertion of other claims that sounded in law.

The Eighth Circuit agreed with Jo Anna on her arguments under Rule 56(c).
[**88] It held that the record contained enough evidence to support findings in
her favor on both of her defenses. The grant of summary judgment was reversed
and the matter was remanded for further proceedings. 721 F.3d at 1029.

But, the Bame panel went on to discuss Jo Anna's alternate argument for appeal,
and at some length. It "point[ed] out the following regarding the unjust
enrichment claim . . . [for] considera[tion] by the district court on
remand"--even though the reversal on procedural grounds meant that the circuit
court "need not resolve [the second issue] at this time." 721 F.3d at 1029-1030.

The ensuing discussion is trenchant.

It starts with Minnesota law's recognition of a fundamental precept of equity
jurisprudence--that  [HN18] a "party may not have equitable relief where there
is an adequate remedy at law available." 721 F.3d at 1030 (citing ServiceMaster
of St. Cloud v. GAB Bus. Servs., Inc., 544 N.W.2d 302, 305 (Minn. 1996)). It
then cites a half-dozen recent decisions in which the United States District
Court for the District of Minnesota applied this general precept, to dismiss
claims for monetary recovery on unjust-enrichment theories where various
statutes provided the plaintiff  [**89] with remedies at law on the same facts.
Id. These included cases where the alternate pleaded claims at law were based on
MUFTA. Id. (citing, inter alia, Kelley v. College of St. Benedict, 901 F.Supp.2d
1123, 1132 (D. Minn. 2012)).

Directly to the point of the Trustee's rejoinder at bar, the Bame court observed
that "[t]he issue here is not one of pleading" in the alternative, as a
strategic hedge to preserve an equitable remedy for invocation after the failure
of one at law. 721 F.3d at 1031. Rather, "it is the existence of an adequate
legal remedy that precludes  [*374]  unjust enrichment recovery." Id. (emphasis
added). Even more pointedly,


     . . . [i]t should make no difference that [a plaintiff] pleaded and
     pursued its statutory claims . . . . It would be anomalous to allow
     unjust enrichment recovery, despite law to the contrary, merely
     because the plaintiff fashioned the pleadings in a certain way.


Id. And finally, the abstract applicability of statutory fraudulent transfer
remedies to such common events and facts clears equitable remedies off the
field, even if the statutory remedies are time-barred by the statute of
limitations. This includes the remedy of unjust enrichment. Id.

Yes, these  [**90] pronouncements are dicta. However, they are a powerful
advisory endorsement of a straight line of authority in the very trial court to
which remand was being made. They are an unmistakable exhortation to track with
that authority consistently, after the specific, procedurally-oriented mandate
of the remand was addressed as a preliminary. Id. ("But all matters relating to
the unjust enrichment claim are for the district court's further consideration
on remand.")

As one might say colloquially, there is dictum, and there is dictum. That is to
say, on the one hand judges do make off-handed observations on the legal import
of rulings at bar, to hypothetical extensions of the facts before them. They do
this sometimes to better frame or illustrate the disposition they are about to
make, by a contrast. They sometimes use it to highlight a threshold principle
that is not itself at issue. Often judicial dictum is only an engagement in
abstract, semi-speculative observations, on subject matter that has become a
preoccupation for the presiding judge through the intensity of parsing the more
specific matter at hand.48

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

48 One is minded of H. L. Mencken's oft-quoted observation: "A judge is a law
student  [**91] who marks his own examination papers."
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

But on the other hand, judges do have to anticipate the next dispute upcoming in
the very litigation at bar before them, if it is not terminated by rulings on
the procedure at hand. They sometimes try to channel the handling and
presentation of those issues by extending the rulings at hand. This can be a
valid warrant to make observations that are technically dictum. It has its
justification in the judicial duty of case administration, not to mention a
judge's personal impulse to simplify future tasks in cases that have already
been difficult and time-consuming. And unquestionably, judges have an obligation
to rein in the accrual of public and private costs toward the resolution of
large controversies. Nudging the parties in a particular, precedent-structured
direction can promote that. Dictum of this sort is always given with the tacit
understanding that a final, binding ruling will await an opportunity for the
parties to submit persuasion to the contrary. However, when observations like
this are presented in a careful form and a firm, principled, and supported
manner, they should be heeded.

Here, the extended statements in Bame not only should  [**92] be heeded; they
must. The reasoning of the discussion is that tight, as to the unavailability of
alternate equitable remedies due to the primacy of pleaded legal remedies. It is
also founded in clear, indisputable, and long-standing case law authority.

Under Bame's reasoning, only one ruling is possible and only one ruling is
necessary. It moots all of the defense's other contentions with the Trustee's
claims for unjust enrichment.

[*375]  Thus, Ruling #12: The Trustee may not simultaneously maintain his claims
for avoidance of transfers as fraudulent under statute, and his claims for
monetary recovery under the equitable theory of unjust enrichment, as to the
same transfers and on the same pleaded facts. Because the equitable remedy is
not available to the Trustee due to the existence of fraudulent transfer
remedies in his favor and his pleading and maintenance of those claims, all of
his unjust enrichment claims against all defendants must be dismissed.

CONCLUSION

The rulings on this third and final group of issues are reprised as folows:

Ruling #8: The Trustee is not barred from invoking fraudulent-transfer remedies
as to transfers of money made by the Debtors, in repayment to those defendants
[**93] that had previously lent money to the same Debtors, merely because the
payments were made on transactions documented as loans and treated as such by
the parties thereto. As long as the Trustee adequately pleads that the transfers
in loan repayment were made in furtherance of a Ponzi scheme, they are
actionable as actually- or constructively-fraudulent.

Ruling #9: The Trustee cannot exercise the power of avoidance under the
constructive-fraud theories of applicable statute as to any Debtor's repayment
to any defendant of principal on a loan or other extension of credit previously
made by that defendant to the Debtor, because that repayment gave reasonably
equivalent value to the Debtor via the satisfaction of a preexisting debt on a
claim for restitution. However, on behalf of the appropriate bankruptcy estate,
the Trustee may avoid, as a constructively-fraudulent transfer within the scope
of 11 U.S.C. § 548(a)(1)(B) and Minn. Stat. §§ 513.44(a)(2) and 513.45(a), that
portion of any payment to any such defendant that was in excess of the amount of
principal paid, whether denominated as profit, interest, or otherwise, because
the paying Debtor did not receive a reasonably equivalent value  [**94] from the
defendant in exchange for the payment.

Ruling #10: The defense of receipt for value in good faith under 11 U.S.C. §
548(c) and Minn. Stat. § 513.48(c) is not available to the lender-defendants, as
to any amount paid to them by the Debtors in interest or on any account other
than repayment of principal, because the Debtors did not receive "value" in
return for the payments thus made. The same defense may be available to the
lender-defendants as to an avoidance of repayments of principal that the Debtors
made to them, upon invocation by responsive pleading and proof that they
received such payments in good faith. The Trustee had no duty to anticipatorily
plead facts going to the issue of the lender-defendants' receipt in good faith.
His complaints are not deficient as to this issue.

Ruling #11: For any defendant who was an employee of any Debtor or an affiliate
of a Debtor, the Trustee adequately pleads the status of insider within the
examples enumerated in MUFTA when he avers that such a defendant held the
position of officer or director with a named Debtor in these cases; or with a
named company identified as a subsidiary of such a Debtor and qualifying as an
affiliate of that  [**95] Debtor under applicable law. To plead the status of
insider as a "person in control of" a Debtor under applicable statute, an
averment solely of that defendant's membership in a "management team" or an
"inner circle" formed by persons who were legally in control of a Debtor, is not
sufficient; the Trustee must also plead additional facts going to the
defendant's actual exercise of decisive control over a Debtor or important,
major functions of a Debtor. To plead insider status on  [*376]  grounds other
than those enumerated in applicable statute, the Trustee must plead that a
defendant had a status with, or access to, persons in control of a Debtor, with
a corresponding close relationship and the opportunity to influence the
decision-making for the Debtor's activities, and coupled with specific
allegations that the transfers to the defendant were not at arms length.

Ruling #12: The Trustee may not simultaneously maintain his claims for avoidance
of transfers as fraudulent under statute, and his claims for monetary recovery
under the equitable theory of unjust enrichment, as to the same transfers and on
the same pleaded facts. Because the equitable remedy is not available to the
Trustee due to  [**96] the existence of fraudulent transfer remedies in his
favor and his pleading and maintenance of those claims, all of his unjust
enrichment claims against all defendants must be dismissed.

/e/ Gregory F. Kishel

GREGORY F. KISHEL

CHIEF UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY JUDGE
