
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 16, 2001 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Suits Contend 3 Men Sold Tax-Evasion Schemes

BYLINE:   By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 813 words


The Justice Department filed lawsuits yesterday against three promoters of what
the government contends are tax-evasion schemes that have cost it millions of
dollars in taxes, including more than $400,000 of erroneous refunds, and helped
others stop paying taxes.

The lawsuits, filed in federal courts in Atlanta; Tampa, Fla.; and Harrisburg,
Pa., are the first serious attempt by the government to thwart a tax evasion
movement that has flourished over the last four years while the Internal Revenue
Service has paid little attention.

Hundreds of Web sites promote tax evasion, and some of the promoters have grown
wealthy charging for seminars that teach tax-evasion techniques. While the
I.R.S. has done little until now to stop the promoters, it has pursued several
customers of these schemes, some of whom have gone to prison.

Eileen J. O'Connor, the assistant attorney general in charge of the Justice
Department's tax division, said that the three promoters "have preyed on
uninformed taxpayers, convinced them to pay exorbitant fees for erroneous advice
and sold them a theory that has been rejected as frivolous by every judge who
has examined it."

The three named in the lawsuits are Thurston Bell of Hanover, Pa.; David Bosset
of Spring Hill, Fla.; and Harold E. Hearn of Atlanta. The lawsuit also seeks an
injunction prohibiting them from promoting their offerings or preparing tax
returns and requiring them to disclose the identities of their clients so that
the I.R.S. can examine their tax returns.

Mr. Bell said yesterday that the lawsuit was part of a government effort to
"suppress my First Amendment free-speech rights" and to maintain a government
scheme to extract taxes illegally.

Mr. Bell asserts at his Web sites (www.nite.org and www.tax-gate .com) that
"most U.S. citizens have never been actually subject to the income tax" but that
the "uninformed and naked claims" of employers, major news organizations and the
I.R.S. have tricked people into believing that their income is subject to tax.

Mr. Bell charged as much as $1,000 to write a letter, $65 for advice and $3,500
to become a "senior fellow" of his National Institute for Taxation Education,
the lawsuit said. Mr. Bell declined comment on these figures.

Mr. Hearn, a tax preparer and financial adviser in Atlanta, could not be
contacted yesterday.

Mr. Bosset, owner of Bosset Partners Marketing in Clearwater, Fla., declined to
comment.

The suit filed in Florida said that Mr. Bosset, charging fees of up to $5,000,
prepared amended tax returns reporting zero income. Among his clients were James
and Amy Callihan of Myrtle Beach, S.C., whose 1997 tax return reported $687,844
of income and a tax of $255,519, the lawsuit said. The Callihan's did not
respond to a message left with a person at their home yesterday.

Another client, Penny Shipp of Melrose, Fla., said Mr. Bosset was so persuasive
that despite her experience as a tax preparer for H & R Block, she came for a
while to believe that the tax laws were a hoax. But after paying Mr. Bosset and
an associate $11,300, and making no progress in her dispute with the I.R.S. over
her 1994 through 1996 income tax returns, Mrs. Shipp said, "I don't believe it
now."

Two years ago, Mr. Bosset received a $21,916 refund of taxes he had withheld
from paychecks of his employees. He used copies of the refund check to market
his skills.

The refund was issued by mistake, the lawsuit said.

The lawsuit quotes Mr. Bosset as stating in a television interview that he
returned the withheld taxes to his employees, but also telling The St.
Petersburg Times that he did not return the money to his former workers. Three
former employees of Mr. Bosset, in interviews last April, said the withheld
taxes were never returned to them.

Mr. Bosset has been lauded as a hero by leaders of a melange of self-styled
patriot groups that joined together last February as the "tax honesty movement."
In recent weeks, this movement has started to call itself Operation Enduring
Patriotism and asserted that the war in Afghanistan enhanced the importance of
their efforts to convince Americans that the I.R.S. is a criminal organization
with no legal authority to collect taxes.

The movement has grown so bold that some of its leaders have publicly dared the
government to prosecute them. None have been charged criminally.

The three promoters who were sued yesterday all market versions of what is known
as "the 861 position," which contends that the section of the tax code with that
number restricts the income tax laws to a small number of Americans, primarily
those employed by foreign-owned businesses.

Every court that has heard this argument has dismissed it, but its adherents
remain undeterred, contending as Mr. Bell did yesterday that the issue was not
presented properly, that the cases had procedural flaws or that the judges were
incompetent or corrupt.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 20, 2001



CORRECTION: An article in Business Day on Friday about lawsuits filed by the
Justice Department against three promoters of what it calls tax evasion schemes
referred incorrectly to Operation Enduring Patriotism, part of the "tax honesty
movement," which contends that the Internal Revenue Service has no legal
authority to collect taxes. Operation Enduring Patriotism, which shares a Web
site with the movement, advocates that each state adopt a law to teach the
organization's interpretation of the Constitution and civics in schools. Its
name does not refer to the tax honesty movement as a whole.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

Castroneves not guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

LENGTH: 679 words


MIAMI -- A federal jury acquitted the Helio Castroneves on six counts of tax
evasion but hung on one count of conspiracy.

The jury also acquitted his sister, Katiucia Castroneves, who also is his
business manager, on the tax evasion counts but also was unable to reach a
verdict on the conspiracy charge. Michigan motorsports attorney Alan Miller, 71,
was acquitted on all three counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy.

Penske Racing's Tim Cindric said the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner will
return to his No. 3 IndyCar in time for practice and qualifying Saturday for the
Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach.

? Roush-Fenway Racing shook up Carl Edwards' pit crew following its costly
performance two weeks ago, removing the tire changer that bungled the final pit
stop and cost Edwards a win at Texas Motor Speedway.

? Richard Petty Motorsports on Friday said AJ Allmendinger will drive for the
team in 2010 but does not have a car number or sponsor details finalized.

? Kasey Kahne says he is not planning to leave Richard Petty Motorsports at the
end of the season.

COLLEGE BASKETBALL

? Arkansas junior forward Michael Washington has made himself available for the
NBA Draft without signing with an agent. He averaged 15.5 points per game this
season and led the Southeastern Conference in rebounds, at 9.8 per game.

? Florida forward Alex Tyus, the team's second-leading scorer last season, has
decided to transfer.

? Sean Miller has rounded out his first coaching staff at Arizona by hiring his
brother Archie, who spent the past two seasons as an assistant at Ohio State, as
an assistant.

PRO BASKETBALL

? Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge won't be at the team's playoff
opener after his minor heart attack.

CRICKET

? Cricket's world governing body has removed Pakistan as a co-host of the 2011
World Cup because of security fears. The decision comes after terrorists
attacked the Sri Lankan team bus in Lahore and killed six police officers and a
driver on March 3.

CYCLING

? Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton, whose win at the Athens Games was
overshadowed by a blood doping scandal, retired from cycling after testing
positive for another banned substance.

PRO FOOTBALL

? The Steelers wrapped up their visits from draft prospects Friday after meeting
with Florida wide receiver Louis Murphy and cornerbacks Mike Mickens of
Cincinnati and Ellis Lankster of West Virginia at the team's South Side
facility. The Steelers used all 30 visits the NFL allows teams to host for out
of area prospects in advance of the draft. They also met with three players who
hail from western Pennsylvania during the process.

? The Buffalo Bills agreed to trade left tackle Jason Peters to the Philadelphia
Eagles rather than risk another offseason holdout from their disgruntled
two-time Pro Bowl player. In exchange, the Bills will receive the 28th overall
pick -- the second of the Eagles two first-round picks -- and a fourth-round
selection in next week's NFL Draft.

? The NFL has moved up the start time of the New York Jets' game against the
Tennessee Titans to 1 p.m. from 4 p.m. on September 27, which is Yom Kippur,
after the team complained to the league about having to play home games on
consecutive Jewish holidays.

GOLF

? Brian Gay's run of five straight birdies lifted him a 66 and, at 9-under par,
a one-stroke lead over former British Open champion Todd Hamiltonafter two
rounds of the Verizon Heritage.

? Brendon Todd made Nationwide Tour history by making a hole-in-one at the same
hole for the second straight day at the Athens Regional Foundation Classic.

? Larry Nelson shot a 6-under 65 to take a one-shot lead over Nick Price after
the first round of the Outback Pro-Am.

OLYMPICS

? Acting U.S. Olympic Committee CEO Stephanie Streeter has resigned her position
from the federation's board of directors.

TENNIS

? Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic reached the semifinals of the Monte Carlo
Masters, with Nadal winning in straight sets.

? Francesca Schiavone defeated Lucie Safarova, 6-3, 7-5, to reach the semifinals
of the Barcelona Open.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday

Business Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 368 words


CompanionsOwner of escort service charged with tax evasion

Two Utahns have been charged with attempted income tax evasion for failing to
report income received from an escort service.

The U.S. Attorney's Office and Internal Revenue Service announced Wednesday that
Roy B. Hoskins, who owns the Companions escort service, is facing two counts of
attempted income tax evasion. Hoskins' wife, Jodi Hoskins, the company's office
manager, also faces one count of attempted income tax evasion.

The indictment states that Roy Hoskins failed to report income received from
Companions.

If convicted, the two face a potential five-year prison sentence and $250,000
fine for each charge.

Attorneys of the U.S. Department of Justice's Tax Division and the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Utah will prosecute the case, and the IRS Criminal
Investigation agents will conduct the investigation.

- Brianna Lange

Tax cheat

Utahn will spend a year in jail for not reporting income

The former president of Mortgage Capital Inc. will spend a year in prison for
failing to file personal and business tax returns for 2003.

Jeril D. Winget of Murray, who was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. Magistrate Samuel
Alba, admitted he had unreported income of $205,820, from real estate
transactions and from the payment of some personal expenses by the company.

According to court records, the company was owned and operated by Winget's wife
from 1995 to 2003.

- Pamela Manson

Ski Utah

Outdoor firms to create competitive team of cyclists

Ski Utah will sponsor a competitive cycling team.

The organization, the marketing arm of the state's 13 active ski resorts, will
partner with Utah Premier Cycling Club to create a recreational and competitive
team of road and mountain cyclists.

"The team is open to any cyclist, whether an aggressive competitor, newcomer
looking to race for the first time or weekender in search of riding partners,"
said Ski Utah President Nathan Rafferty.

Ski Utah cyclists will race in Nevada, Arizona, California, Colorado, Oregon,
Washington, Wisconsin, Illinois, Rhode Island and the U.S. Masters National
Championships in Kentucky.

Registration to join the Ski Utah cycling team is open through June 2 at
www.SkiUtahCycling.com.

- Mike Gorrell

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday

Sports briefs

BYLINE:

LENGTH: 900 words


Castroneves' tax evasion charge dropped MIAMI ? Federal prosecutors dropped the
remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge against two-time Indianapolis 500
champion Helio Castroneves and his sister on Friday, clearing the Brazilian
driver of all the charges that once threatened to derail his career.
Castroneves, 34 and the pole sitter for Sunday's Indy 500, and his 35-year-old
sister, Katiucia, were acquitted of other tax-evasion charges by a jury April
17. His tax lawyer, Alan Miller of Michigan, also was cleared of all wrongdoing.
The jury failed to agree on the conspiracy charge, resulting in a mistrial on
that count.

Now prosecutors have decided not to pursue a retrial on that charge, which
carries a maximum prison sentence of five years. Castroneves, one of Indy
racing's most popular and successful drivers, vaulted to even greater worldwide
fame by winning TV's "Dancing With The Stars" title in 2007. Koosman faces
possible prison term MADISON, Wis. ? Former major league pitcher Jerry Koosman
pleaded guilty to federal tax evasion on Friday and could face up to one year in
prison. Koosman, 66, an All-Star who helped the New York Mets win the 1969 World
Series, failed to pay federal income taxes for 2002, 2003 and 2004, defrauding
the government out of as much as $90,000, assistant U.S. attorney John Vaudreuil
said. He also faces $25,000 in fines. The 66-year-old Koosman makes his home in
Osceola. He told investigators he researched federal tax laws and concluded they
applied only to federal workers, corporate employees and District of Columbia
residents, court documents said. "I guess it's a combination of being naive and
not being able to understand law as I read it or was told," Koosman told U.S.
District Judge Barbara Crabb during Friday's hearing. Koosman played 19 seasons,
including his first 12 with the Mets. He was an All-Star in 1968 and '69, and
finished with a career record of 222-209 and a 3.36 ERA. He and Tom Seaver were
starting rotation staples for the 1969 team ? nicknamed the "Amazin' Mets" ?
that passed the division-leading Chicago Cubs in the final month of the regular
season to win the National League title en route to the World Series
championship. Koosman won two games in the World Series that year, giving up a
run and two hits in 8 2-3 innings in Game 2 and three runs in a complete-game
performance in Game 5 to clinch the series victory over the Baltimore Orioles.
He also won a game in the 1973 World Series, but the Mets lost the title to
Oakland. The Mets traded him to the Minnesota Twins after the 1978 season, and
he played the final seven seasons of his career with the Twins, Chicago White
Sox and Philadelphia Phillies. He gave up Pete Rose's landmark 4,000th career
hit in 1984 and retired after the 1985 season. Torres beats her record in
butterfly COLLEGE STATION, Texas (AP) ? Dara Torres beat her own American record
in the 50-meter butterfly on Friday night at the Texas Senior Circuit No. 2 meet
at Texas A&M. The 42-year-old Torres, who won three silver medals in Beijing
last summer, touched the wall in 25.72 seconds in the final, improving on her
record time of 25.84 seconds from the morning preliminaries. Both times beat
Jenny Thompson's American record of 26.00 seconds, set in Barcelona, Spain, in
2003. Marleen Veldhuis, of the Netherlands, set the world record of 25.33
seconds in April. Torres, the first American swimmer to compete in five
Olympics, is preparing for the U.S. championships in Indianapolis in July with
an eye on the world championships in Rome later that month. Judge says school
can't drop volleyball NEW HAVEN, Conn.  A federal judge issued a preliminary
injunction Friday that prevents Quinnipiac University in Connecticut from
eliminating its women's volleyball team, saying the team was likely to prevail
in its gender equity case.  Judge Stefan Underhill granted an injunction that
keeps the team intact until a lawsuit against the school can be heard. The
ruling also prohibits the university from eliminating any other women's teams or
athletic participation opportunities. The American Civil Liberties Union of
Connecticut brought the lawsuit on behalf of the team and its coach, who say
Quinnipiac isn't in compliance with the federal law mandating equal
opportunities for female athletes, Title IX. The university announced in March
that it would eliminate women's volleyball, men's golf and men's outdoor track
and would promote cheerleading to varsity status. Father of tennis player
accused of threatening envoy BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) ? Tennis player Jelena
Dokic's father was charged with threatening the Australian ambassador in
Belgrade. Police found rifles and hand grenades during the search of his house.
Damir Dokic could face up to eight years in prison for "endangering security" of
the ambassador and unlawful possession of weapons, his lawyer, Bosiljka Djukic,
told The Associated Press on Friday. Dokic lives in northern Serbia and was
arrested after he reportedly said he would blow up Ambassador Clair Birgin's car
if she did not stop negative articles about him from being published in
Australia. Jelena Dokic had given interviews to Australian media, saying her
father had beaten her. Dokic has told Serbian media he would fire a rocket
launcher at Birgin's car but later said such statements were made in anger. He
also has admitted having beaten his daughter.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Massachusetts Dentist Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Douglas, Massachusetts, dentist pleaded guilty to tax evasion in the U.S.
District Court for the District of Massachusetts, announced the Department of
Justice.

George Fenzell was indicted in February 2014 by a federal grand jury in Boston
on multiple counts of tax evasion and one count of corruptly endeavoring to
obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). He pleaded Friday before U.S.
District Judge Timothy S. Hillman and faces a statutory maximum sentence of five
years in prison and a $250,000 fine for tax evasion at his Feb. 18 sentencing.

According to the indictment, from 1999 through 2012, Fenzell engaged in conduct
intended to obstruct the IRS from computing, assessing and collecting his income
taxes. He failed to file timely tax returns with the IRS and tried to conceal
income he earned from his dental practice. Fenzell's dental offices are located
in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, and Brookline, New Hampshire. The indictment
alleges that Fenzell used nominee entities, including River Valley Dental and
Brookline Dental Associates Trust, to divert and conceal his dental business
receipts and assets. He also allegedly used multiple bank accounts in three
separate states, including commingled bank accounts maintained by third parties,
to conceal his ownership of his income and assets. It is further alleged that
Fenzell used nominee trustees to make it appear as if other individuals owned
and controlled his assets and income. Fenzell titled and registered a Lincoln
Navigator and Ducati motorcycle with a nominee entity, Smiling Trust. According
to the indictment, Fenzell falsified his 2006 and 2007 tax returns that were
filed late in 2009, and made extensive use of cash in order to conceal his fraud
from the IRS.

The indictment further alleges that in 2007, in response to a Massachusetts
Department of Revenue investigation and collection action, Fenzell filed his
delinquent federal tax returns for 2000 through 2005. In those returns, Fenzell
admitted that he owed federal income taxes for these years in the amount of
approximately $129,841, which he failed to pay. Rather than pay these taxes and
additional IRS interest and penalties, between 2007 and 2012, Fenzell allegedly
sought to evade IRS collection efforts by making his business receipts payable
to nominee entities and used nominee bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island
to divert and hide his income and assets. During the same period, Fenzell also
failed to file his tax returns for 2008 through 2011.

This case was investigated by special agents of the IRS-Criminal Investigation.
It is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief John N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney
Thomas Koelbl of the Justice Department's Tax Division.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the division's website. Additional information about tax fraud schemes
to watch out for may be found on the IRS-Criminal Investigation website.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Arizona: Massachusetts Dentist Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A Douglas, Massachusetts, dentist pleaded guilty to tax evasion in the U.S.
District Court for the District of Massachusetts, announced the Department of
Justice.

George Fenzell was indicted in February 2014 by a federal grand jury in Boston
on multiple counts of tax evasion and one count of corruptly endeavoring to
obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  He pleaded Friday before U.S.
District Judge Timothy S. Hillman and faces a statutory maximum sentence of five
years in prison and a $250,000 fine for tax evasion at his Feb. 18 sentencing.

According to the indictment, from 1999 through 2012, Fenzell engaged in conduct
intended to obstruct the IRS from computing, assessing and collecting his income
taxes.  He failed to file timely tax returns with the IRS and tried to conceal
income he earned from his dental practice.  Fenzell's dental offices are located
in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, and Brookline, New Hampshire.  The indictment
alleges that Fenzell used nominee entities, including River Valley Dental and
Brookline Dental Associates Trust, to divert and conceal his dental business
receipts and assets.  He also allegedly used multiple bank accounts in three
separate states, including commingled bank accounts maintained by third parties,
to conceal his ownership of his income and assets.  It is further alleged that
Fenzell used nominee trustees to make it appear as if other individuals owned
and controlled his assets and income.  Fenzell titled and registered a Lincoln
Navigator and Ducati motorcycle with a nominee entity, Smiling Trust.  According
to the indictment, Fenzell falsified his 2006 and 2007 tax returns that were
filed late in 2009, and made extensive use of cash in order to conceal his fraud
from the IRS.

The indictment further alleges that in 2007, in response to a Massachusetts
Department of Revenue investigation and collection action, Fenzell filed his
delinquent federal tax returns for 2000 through 2005.  In those returns, Fenzell
admitted that he owed federal income taxes for these years in the amount of
approximately $129,841, which he failed to pay.  Rather than pay these taxes and
additional IRS interest and penalties, between 2007 and 2012, Fenzell allegedly
sought to evade IRS collection efforts by making his business receipts payable
to nominee entities and used nominee bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island
to divert and hide his income and assets.  During the same period, Fenzell also
failed to file his tax returns for 2008 through 2011.

This case was investigated by special agents of the IRS-Criminal Investigation.
It is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief John N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney
Thomas Koelbl of the Justice Department's Tax Division.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the division's website.  Additional information about tax fraud schemes
to watch out for may be found on the IRS-Criminal Investigation

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 23, 2000, Friday, THREE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 650 words



EAST

NEW YORK CITY

Museum, tribe share ownership of meteorite

The heads of the Museum of Natural History and an American Indian group signed
an agreement Thursday to share custody of a 10,000-year-old meteorite the museum
has owned since 1906.

The 16-ton meteorite is a central attraction in the museum's new planetarium.
But the tribal council claimed ownership of the Willamette Meteorite, which
holds religious significance for the Clackamas tribe.

Under the agreement, the meteorite will remain in Manhattan, but the tribe will
have access for an annual ritual visit to the museum.

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.

Husband of prosecutor is convicted of tax evasion

The husband of District Attorney Jeanine Pirro was convicted on charges of tax
evasion Thursday.

The jury at federal court in White Plains found that Albert Pirro, a
businessman, and his brother Anthony had conspired to hide $ 1.2 million of
Albert's income by disguising his personal spending as deductible business
expenses.

Albert Pirro, 53, is a real estate developer, Republican fund-raiser and
lobbyist. He was found guilty on 34 counts, including conspiracy, tax evasion
and filing false tax returns.

His wife, 49, has been mentioned repeatedly as a likely candidate for higher
office. She was named to People magazine's "50 Most Beautiful People" list.

SOUTH

MOBILE, Ala.

Lawyer is convicted in attempt to frame candidate

Garve Ivey, 48, on Thursday was convicted of witness tampering and criminal
defamation stemming from allegations that he paid a former prostitute to accuse
a GOP candidate of rape.

Ivey, a lawyer, and private investigator Wes Chappell were charged in what
prosecutors alleged was a scheme to pay former prostitute Melissa Myers Bush to
make false claims against Steve Windom and destroy his campaign for lieutenant
governor in 1998.

Windom won the election, and the woman admitted the allegations were false. The
jury cleared Chappell of all charges Thursday.

MIAMI

15 with ties to New York mob family are arrested

Fifteen people were arrested on charges of running the Colombo crime family's
gambling, extortion and money laundering operations in South Florida.

The South Florida "crew" of the New York Mafia family has pulled in as much as $
2,000 a day in gambling and bookmaking since 1997, according to a federal
racketeering indictment unsealed Wednesday.

Three others also indicted were still at large.

Among those arrested were the mob faction's alleged leaders, Joseph "Joey
Flowers" Rotunno, 54, and Reynolds Maragni, 48.

Maragni was accused of serving as the link between the South Florida crew and
the Colombo bosses. Rotunno allegedly had control over the group's daily
activities.

WEST

SAN FRANCISCO

Head of charity charges employer for surgery

The chief executive of Catholic Charities in San Francisco billed his employer
for cosmetic surgery, a newspaper reported. He also averaged more than $ 500 a
week in restaurant tabs over the past two years, the San Francisco Chronicle
reported Thursday.

The executive, Frank Hudson, charged the charity for his laser hair-removal
treatments and injections of Botox, which removes wrinkles, the paper said.

Hudson also racked up dining expenses of more than $ 73,000 since August 1998.
The charity pays him $ 172,000 a year.

Hudson said there was nothing improper about the expenses. The restaurant meals
were a way to discuss legislation with civic leaders or solicit donations, and
charity policy allows executives to bill the organization for most medical costs
not covered by insurance, he said.

Archbishop William Levada, chairman of the charity's board of directors, said
the complaints about Hudson's spending habits "do not hold water." Almost a
third of Catholic Charities' $ 23 million budget is from public donations.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Nation Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

Rio Rancho woman gets three years in tax-evasion case

BYLINE: Steve Terrell, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


May 15--Elizabeth "Daisy" Kupfer, who once worked for the state Attorney
General's Office, was sentenced Tuesday to three years in federal prison for tax
evasion in a case involving the theft of more than $2.5 million in federal funds
through a contract with former Secretary of State Rebecca Vigil-Giron's office.
The funds were to be used in voter-education campaigns.

In a news release, U.S. Attorney Ken Gonzales said, "In this case, Mrs. Kupfer
intentionally concealed over $750,000 of income." She was ordered to pay
$288,339 in restitution to the IRS.

Kupfer and her husband, Joe Kupfer, a former lobbyist, were convicted of tax
evasion in November.

Joe Kupfer and political consultant Armando Gutierrez, 65, of Corpus Christi,
Texas, were found guilty of multiple charges, including conspiracy and theft of
government property. The Kupfers live in Rio Rancho.

Vigil-Giron hired Gutierrez -- a former Albuquerque resident who worked on
several campaigns of prominent Democrats -- to produce voter-education TV ads.
He received more than $6 million in federal election money between 2004 and
2006.

But audits showed he could not account for more than $2.5 million of work under
his contracts.

Vigil-Giron initially was indicted in the case, but the charges against her were
dismissed.

Joe Kupfer and Gutierrez haven't been sentenced for the conspiracy and theft
convictions, a spokeswoman for Gonzales said.

Gutierrez paid Kupfer's company more than $746,000, the government said, but
never produced any documentation for hiring the company.

In the tax evasion case, Gonzales said the Kupfers claimed $125,969 in taxable
income for 2004 but failed to include another $140,000 in income, thus evading
at least $51,054 in federal taxes.

The couple in 2005 claimed $170,625 in taxable income, which prosecutors said
was $170,000 short, which meant they cheated the government by $64,651.

In 2006, the Kupfers claimed $125,734 in taxable income but hid another $458,333
in income, which meant they skipped $170,470 in federal taxes.

Contact Steve Terrell at sterrell@sfnewmexican.com Read his political blog at
roundhouseroundup.com.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130515-SF-Rio-Rancho-woman-gets-three-years-in-tax-evasion
-case-0515-20130515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Judge rejects lawyer's bid to end supervision // Uhl remains suspended

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - A federal judge has denied suspended lawyer Christopher M. Uhl's
motion to cease his supervised release.

The former lawyer from Southboro served a sentence of more than two and a half
years in federal prison for tax evasion. He was sentenced to two years of
supervised release as well.

Mr. Uhl hopes to either practice law again or work as a real estate agent, but
his license to practice law in several states was suspended and he was disbarred
in New York.

The motion was filed earlier this week by Mr. Uhl and denied by a federal judge
Wednesday.

A federal jury in 2010 found Mr. Uhl guilty of six counts of tax evasion.

He served his time in a Pennsylvania federal prison and was released to a
halfway house in Boston in November 2011. During his stay at the halfway house,
Mr. Uhl began working part time at the Upper Crust pizza chain, which declared
bankruptcy after being accused of labor violations and other misdeeds, and for
California Pizza Kitchen.

He has continued to work for California Pizza Kitchen since his release from the
halfway house just about a year ago, according to the motion he filed. He states
that he has complied with all requirements of his probation and claimed he no
longer needed to be supervised.

Part of Mr. Uhl's sentence included the payment of hundreds of thousands of
dollars in restitution and fines. He has made payments.

"The defendant's best option to repay the United States the taxes due is to
become employed as an attorney or Realtor," Mr. Uhl wrote. "The defendant would
like to become a Realtor but is denied in Massachusetts while on probation."

If the judge had allowed Mr. Uhl's motion, he planned to begin working as a real
estate agent.

Mr. Uhl, who once worked as a fingerprint technician for the FBI, said his
license to practice law has been suspended in Connecticut, Maryland and
Washington, D.C. His law license was also suspended in Massachusetts and Maine,
but he can apply for reinstatement in May 2015.

"The defendant has been rehabilitated and requires no further supervision," the
motion states. "The defendant now must try to rebuild his life and rise from the
ashes like the Phoenix to support his children and repay the taxes owed."

Contact Scott J. Croteau at scroteau@telegram.com Follow him on Twitter
@ScottCroteauTG

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - A federal judge has denied suspended lawyer Christopher M.
Uhl's motion to cease his supervised release. The former lawyer from Southboro
served a sentence of more than two and a half years in federal prison for tax
evasion. He was sentenced to two years of supervised release as well.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 6, 2011 Wednesday

Developer admits tax evasion

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


April 06--East Lyme developer Jeffrey Torrance pleaded guilty to tax evasion
Tuesday on the eve of a trial in U.S. District Court and days before the town
zoning commission is expected to deliberate on a large-scale affordable housing
project proposed by his firm.

Torrance, 53, of Upper Pattagansett Road, was indicted in 2006 on one count of
tax evasion and two counts of filing false documents with the Internal Revenue
Service. With a jury selected and evidence to begin Wednesday in federal court,
he pleaded guilty to filing a false tax return in 2000.

He faces a maximum of three years in prison and fine of up to $250,000 when he
is sentenced on June 30. He has agreed to pay restitution of $89,230 plus
penalties and interest to the IRS and any additional amount he may owe for the
2001 tax year. He also must cooperate with the IRS to pay any additional
outstanding taxes, interest and penalties, and to file all past due returns and
timely file all future tax returns.

In pleading guilty, Torrance admitted that, in addition to owing approximately
$18,242 in back taxes for the year 2000, he also owes approximately $70,961 in
additional federal income taxes, penalties and interest for the years 1992,
1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999.

Reached by phone Tuesday afternoon, Torrance said he could not comment and
referred questions to his lawyer. Attorney Neal Rogan issued a news release that
said Torrance "takes full and complete responsibility for his actions."

"Mr. Torrance's guilty plea stands as a stark reminder that even when an
individual relies upon the advice and guidance of professionals, such as
accountants and attorneys, the individual who signs the return is ultimately
responsible for it," the statement said. "Mr. Torrance recognizes he signed the
tax return for calendar year 2000 and, as such, is responsible for that tax
return."

The guilty plea comes two days before the East Lyme Zoning Commission is set to
deliberate on an affordable housing project on Upper Pattagansett Road that
would include 58 single-family homes. Torrance is a principal with the
developer, New England National, and has said he would be the project manager
for the housing development.

Zoning Chairman Marc Salerno was unavailable Tuesday evening to comment.

k.florin@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110406-NL-Developer-admits-tax-evasion-0406-20110406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

2 MINUTE DRILL

BYLINE: A Tribune staff, wire report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 548 words


Castroneves Indicted On Tax Evasion

MIAMI - Two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV "Dancing With The Stars"
champion Helio Castroneves was indicted Thursday on tax evasion and tax fraud
charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in
income from the Internal Revenue Service.

Castroneves, 33, is charged with conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion for
purportedly failing to report to the IRS about $5.5 million in income between
1999 and 2004, according to court documents. Each count carries a maximum
five-year prison sentence.

Also facing charges are Katiucia Castroneves, 35, the race car driver's sister
and business manager, and attorney Alan R. Miller, 71, of Birmingham, Mich. All
three are scheduled to make court appearances today and it wasn't immediately
clear if they had hired defense lawyers. None were under arrest Thursday.

"This case sends a clear message that the IRS is committed to vigorously
enforcing the tax laws and stopping offshore tax evasion," said IRS Commissioner
Doug Shulman.

Overton Leads In PGA's Turning Stone Event

VERONA, N.Y. - Jeff Overton shot a 5-under 67 to take the first-round lead at
the Turning Stone Resort Championship, the second stop on the PGA Tour's Fall
Series. Overton, who started at the 10th hole, made three birdies on the front
side to take a one-shot lead against Michael Allen and Steve Allan. Tag Ridings,
Carlos Franco and Jason Day were tied for fourth at 69.

LPGA: Ji-Yai Shin shot a 5-under 67 to take the first-day lead in the Samsung
World Championship in Half Moon Bay, Calif., topping Paula Creamer's 68.

Lorena Ochoa and Annika Sorenstam were among five players at 69. Play was
suspended for 26 minutes because of dense fog.

PGA EUROPEAN: Soren Hansen and Ross Fisher each shot 8-under 64 to share the
first-round lead at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship in St. Andrews,
Scotland.

KOREA OPEN: U.S. Ryder Cup star Anthony Kim took the first-round lead at Seoul,
South Korea, with a 7-under 64, finishing the opening day two shots ahead of the
field.

Report: Only Donaghy Committed Crimes

NEW YORK - A review of the NBA's officiating program found no evidence of
illegal activity by any referee other than Tim Donaghy, though it recommended
significant changes for monitoring gambling and game integrity.

The report, compiled during 14 months by former federal prosecutor Lawrence
Pedowitz, called for the creation of a "culture of compliance" and closer
monitoring of games for suspicious activity.

Pedowitz made three key recommendations: Create a hotline to anonymously raise
questions about gambling and game integrity issues; make available any
complaints the league receives about refs - beginning in the 2008-09 playoffs -
to both teams to avoid suspicions of bias; and provide more access to referees
for both fans and media.

PREP BASEBALL: Two Hillsborough County senior baseball players have given verbal
commitments to Division I programs - Jesuit infielder Joe Hudson to Notre Dame
and Hillsborough outfielder Jay Laurienzo to Florida Gulf Coast.

NHL: Red Wings defenseman Chris Chelios will be sidelined three to six weeks
with a fractured shin bone.

A Tribune staff, wire report

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    January 27, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry agrees to 3-months in jail for tax-evasion charges

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTSLINE IN BRIEF; Pg. C9/BREAK

LENGTH: 144 words


Darryl Strawberry has worked out a plea-bargain agreement that will send him to
prison for three months on tax-evasion charges but allow him to continue his
baseball career.

The New York Daily News reported Strawberry's attorneys, in conjunction with the
U.S. attorney's office and Major League Baseball, quietly cut a deal in which
the San Francisco Giants outfielder will begin serving a three-month sentence in
a federal penitentiary after the 1995 season. In addition, Strawberry, who is to
plead guilty to one felony count of tax evasion, will be required to serve three
months in a halfway house after his jail sentence, then perform community
service time.

It is also expected that, consistent with tax-evasion sentences, Strawberry will
be fined a substantial amount. The maximum allowed under federal sentencing
guidelines is $ 250,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Mountain View business owner facing 29 counts of tax evasion

BYLINE: Jason Green, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 184 words


Feb. 22--A Mountain View payroll service owner is facing 29 counts of tax
evasion, federal authorities announced Wednesday.

Elsa Lorena Solares was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco on
Tuesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office reported. A warrant has since been issued
for the San Jose resident's arrest.

According to the four-page indictment, Solares owned and operated a payroll
service called JC 101 Services. She allegedly collected about $154,800 for
employment and unemployment taxes from seven clients between 2008 and 2009, but
failed to pay the money to the IRS.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of tax evasion is five years in
prison and a fine of $250,000.

In 2005, Solares was arrested by the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office on
suspicion of identity theft and grand theft.

Bay Area News Group staff writer Lisa Fernandez contributed to this report.

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com

___ (c)2012 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120222-PL-BRF-Mountain-View-business-owner-facing-29-counts-of-
tax-evasion-0222-20120222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2012 Palo Alto Daily News


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  August 04, 1999 Wednesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Ex-banker fined in Cayman Islands tax evasion ploy

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 295 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


NEWARK, N.J. - A former Cayman Islands banker who helped more than a thousand
U.S. depositors avoid taxes, was sentenced yesterday to five years probation and
ordered to pay a $30,000 (US) fine.

John W. Mathewson, 71, former owner and chairman of Guardian Bank & Trust Ltd.
of Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands, was arrested in 1996 by U.S. federal agents and
charged in New Jersey with money laundering. He pleaded guilty in 1997 to that
charge, and to tax evasion and conspiracy charges in New York and Florida.

The investigation of Mathewson's now-defunct Guardian Bank has attracted
attention because it has already yielded about 16 other arrests of Guardian
depositors on tax fraud charges, prosecutors said. Starting in 1990, Mathewson,
a San Antonio, Tex., resident, accepted deposits at the Caribbean island bank
from U.S. depositors and created shell corporations to keep depositors'
identities secret, prosecutors said.

'It's no secret that as a result of the information and records Mathewson has
turned over, that there are a number of tax evasion and tax-related
investigations going on related to other depositors of Guardian,' said Eric
Bernstein, assistant U.S. Attorney in Brooklyn, N.Y.

It isn't illegal for U.S. residents to have offshore bank accounts, as long as
they report that income to the Internal Revenue Service.

As part of the tax evasion scheme, Mathewson told depositors to send him cash
and money orders for their Cayman Islands accounts in plain envelopes with no
return address, so authorities couldn't link them to the Caribbean bank
accounts, Mr. Bernstein said.

He would also use big U.S. banks as 'correspondent banks' for depositors'
personal cheques, so the cheque payers wouldn't have the Cayman Islands' bank
stamp.

LOAD-DATE: August 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Crime

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 9, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry indicted in tax-evasion case

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 204 words


Outfielder Darryl Strawberry and his agent were indicted Thursday in New York on
federal tax-evasion charges, the same crime that put Pete Rose behind bars in
1990.

The indictment, handed down by a federal grand jury in White Plains, N.Y., says
Strawberry, 32, of the San Francisco Giants and agent Eric Goldschmidt failed to
report more than $ 500,000 and defrauded the Internal Revenue Service of taxes
owed from 1986-90.

A statement from the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan said the former New
York Mets star claimed only $ 442,000 in income from autograph-signing shows and
personal appearances during the period but actually earned about $ 945,000.

Strawberry, from Rancho Mirage, Calif., should have paid $ 146,000 on the
unreported income, the release said.

Strawberry's lawyer, Marty Gelfando of Los Angeles, says Strawberry will plead
not guilty.

"We remain committed to Darryl and will support him in any appropriate manner,"
said Giants GM Bob Quinn.

Strawberry was on the Mets' World Series championship team in 1986. He went to
the Los Angeles Dodgers as a free agent, but injuries and substance-abuse
problems hindered him. He joined the Giants June 19 and hit four home runs in 29
games.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 13, 2016 Friday

Owners of Worcester Payroll Company Sentenced for Tax Evasion and Fraud

LENGTH: 613  words


BOSTON  The co-owners and former owner of a payroll company in Worcester were
sentenced today in U.S. District Court in Worcester for defrauding the IRS and
tax evasion.  One of the co-owners was also sentenced for embezzling client and
employee funds.

William McCullough, 73, of Westborough, Mass., was sentenced by U.S. District
Court Judge Timothy S. Hillman to one year and one day in prison, three years of
supervised release and restitution of $1,825,933.  In September 2015, he pleaded
guilty to two counts of conspiracy to defraud the IRS, four counts of making
false statements in tax returns, four counts of tax evasion, and one count of
wire fraud.  Robert McCullough, 43, also of Westborough, the son of William
McCullough, was sentenced by Judge Hillman to eight months in prison and three
years of supervised release.  He previously pleaded guilty to two counts of
conspiracy to defraud the IRS and four counts of tax evasion.  Gary Davis, 74,
of Jupiter, Fla., was sentenced to six months in prison and three years of
supervised release.  He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the
IRS, and three counts of tax evasion.

The McCulloughs are co-owners of Harpers Data Services, a payroll company in
Worcester.  William McCullough was the treasurer and his son, Robert, is the
president.  Gary Davis was a former owner and president of Harpers until his
retirement in 2010.

Beginning around 2006, William and Robert McCullough operated two corporate bank
accounts at Webster Five Cents Savings Bank.  From 2007 to 2012, they funneled
approximately $11 million of taxable income into these accounts.  The
McCulloughs kept these accounts off of the corporations books and concealed
their existence from the corporate accountant.  Thus, the income deposited into
these accounts was not reported to the IRS on the corporations annual tax
returns.  As a result, the corporation failed to pay approximately $3.78 million
in taxes.

Also during that time, William McCullough wrote checks totaling approximately
$4.7 million from one of the Webster Five corporate accounts to himself, Robert
McCullough, and Gary Davis.  In addition, from 2007 to 2011, William McCullough
wrote bonus and dividend checks from Harpers totaling approximately $2.7 million
to himself, Robert McCullough, and Gary Davis.  William McCullough ensured that
none of this income appeared on the appropriate tax reporting forms, and as a
result, the defendants failed to pay approximately $1.7 million in taxes from
2007 through 2011.

In a separate case, William McCullough was sentenced for committing wire fraud.
From 2009 through 2011, Harpers maintained client trust accounts and a client
tax account.  These accounts contained client funds, which were to be used to
pay employees paychecks and employees federal and state taxes.  From 2009
through 2011, William McCullough took approximately $1 million from the client
trust accounts and deposited it into a Harpers account.  In 2010, he took
$750,000 from the client tax account and deposited it into a Harpers account.
At the time William McCullough took this money, the funds belonged solely to the
clients of Harpers Data Services.  McCulloughs fraud resulted in a theft of
approximately $1.8 million dollars.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; Joel P. Garland, Special Agent in Charge
of the Internal Revenue Services Criminal Investigation in Boston; and Harold H.
Shaw, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Boston
Field Division, made the announcement today.  The case was prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Karin M. Bell, Chief of Ortizs Worcester Branch Office.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 24, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

THE CRIME THAT COSTS TAXPAYERS $100 BILLION

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 327 words


To the Editor:


''Crime That Pays,'' August Bequai's article on your May 9 Op-Ed page, hit an
important nail on the head: our society has a blind spot when it comes to
white-collar crime. If the people who rob us wear three- piece suits, somehow we
never seem to get too concerned.

The $40 billion in white-collar crime cited by Mr. Bequai is, as he points out,
harmful to both consumers and business and a boon to organized crime and drug
peddlers.

However, Mr. Bequai failed to mention the single most serious form of
white-collar crime (easily in itself worth double the $40 billion of crimes he
catalogues): tax evasion. The Internal Revenue Service estimates that tax
evasion accounts for a revenue loss of $100 billion a year.

But why should we be bothered; it's only stealing money from the Government. Tax
evasion after all is a victimless crime, isn't it?

Unfortunately, someone has to make up for the revenue that is lost through tax
evasion. Obviously, the honest taxpayer ends up paying higher taxes. In
addition, honest business people find it difficult or impossible to compete with
the unfair advantage enjoyed by the tax cheat.

Finally, when you consider that the unpaid taxes on a single bargeload of
bootlegged gasoline could support 2,400 nursing home beds for one day, you have
to wonder how anyone can view tax evasion as a victimless crime.

Governor Cuomo has just sent to the New York Legislature the Omnibus Tax Equity
and Enforcement Act of 1984. This bill contains the first comprehensive review
and upgrading of the criminal and civil penalties for tax evasion in New York
State history.

As we continue to have our pockets picked by big-time tax cheats, as we are
quietly mugged by gasoline and cigarette bootleggers, as we pay higher taxes,
isn't it about time that we got mad enough to fight back?

RODERICK G. W. CHU

New York State Commissioner of Taxation and Finance Albany, May 11, 1984

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              June 4, 2002 Tuesday

Tyco CEO Kozlowski resigns in face of tax evasion allegations

LENGTH: 554 words

Tyco CEO Kozlowski resigns in face of tax evasion allegations

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report L. Dennis Kozlowski, who as chairman and CEO
of Tyco International (Exeter, New Hampshire) has engineering a series of
high-profile acquisitions, including several that have made the firm a leading
player in the medical technology field, has left the company in the wake of
reports that he is under criminal investigation for suspected tax evasion.

His Monday resignations as both chairman and a director were described as being
for "personal reasons."

Former Tyco CEO John Fort II, currently a director, was named by the board as
interim chief executive. The company said in a prepared statement that Fort
would assume "primary executive responsibilities" while a search is conducted
for a new CEO.

The announcement of Kozlowski's resignation came on the heels of a report in the
New York Times that he is being investigated by New York City District Attorney
Robert Morgenthau for the alleged use of hundreds of millions of dollars moved
into family trusts to purchase goods and services without paying state sales
taxes. A grand jury investigation began several months ago, according to the
Times report, although no charges have yet been filed.

Shares of Tyco were down about 27% as the market closed Monday, down $5.90 to
$16.05.

Under Kozlowski's direction and fueled by a seemingly endless series of
acquisitions carrying a combined price tag in excess of $60 billion, Tyco has
become a leading player in a number of industries.

Its medical products holdings, grouped under the Tyco Healthcare banner, include
such diverse firms as Kendall Healthcare (Mansfield, Massachusetts), U.S.
Surgical (Norwalk, Connecticut), ValleyLab (Boulder, Colorado), Mallinckrodt
(St. Louis, Missouri), InnerDyne (Sunnyvale, California), General Surgical
Innovations (Cupertino, California), Surgical Dynamics (Alameda, California) and
Sherwood-Davis & Geck (St. Louis, Missouri). Tyco Healthcare had pro forma
revenues of more than $7 billion in 2001. One big deal that didn't happen was
Tyco's proposed acquisition of C.R. Bard (Murray Hill, New Jersey), a deal that
carried at $3.2 billion price tag, but which fell apart in February (Medical
Device Daily, Feb. 8, 2002).

Fort said Monday that Tyco remains committed to complete a planned initial
public offering of its CIT Group financial services unit, and to continue to
reduce debt. He added that he supports "the evolution of the company's long-term
operating strategy to focus more on organic growth." Fort preceded Kozlowski as
chairman and CEO, stepping down from the CEO role in 1992 and the chairman's
post the following year, but remaining as an active director.

The company long was a favorite of big investors, reaching a market value of
$120 billion at its peak - a figure that now has fallen to about half that
level. Tyco's shares have fallen more than 60% this year, trading at a low of
$15.25 on April 30, down from a 52-week high of $60.09 last Dec. 5.

Tyco International announced a plan in January to split itself up into four
separate businesses - health care, fire protection and flow control, security
and electronics, and financial services - but reversed itself earlier this
spring when it became clear that investors were less than enthusiastic about the
plan.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

Former Denny's owner convicted of sales tax evasion

BYLINE: Joe Goldeen, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 497 words


May 06--STOCKTON -- The 75-year-old former owner of three Denny's restaurants in
San Joaquin County was convicted recently of sales tax evasion and has paid
restitution of more than $800,000 to the state, according to the San Joaquin
County District Attorney's Office.

Abdul Halim of Tracy pled guilty in San Joaquin County Superior Court to two
felony counts of sales tax evasion and one misdemeanor count of evasion of
reporting taxes after state investigators found that he failed to report and pay
nearly $525,000 in sales tax collected from his customers between 2007 and 2011.

Halim, who owned a Denny's in Stockton, Lathrop and Manteca,  was ordered to pay
$790,428 in restitution but paid the state Board of Equalization $837,050 and
may owe even more, according to Deputy District Attorney Scott McDonald, who
handles consumer fraud cases.

The amount paid is higher than the actual delinquent tax owed because penalties
and interest.

"Criminal tax evasion damages legitimate businesses and places a higher tax
burden on law-abiding citizens," Board of Equalization Vice Chairman George
Runner said in a prepared statement. "Today's decision helps ensure fairness for
all California taxpayers."

Stockton has several Denny's restaurants. A shift manager at the Denny's near
Arch Road and Highway 99 said Halim had owned that site but no longer did, nor
did he own the Lathrop Denny's. He still operates the Manteca Diner at the site
of his former Denny's on South Main Street in Manteca.

A phone message left Tuesday morning with an employee at that restaurant seeking
comment from Halim was not returned. A spokesperson for Denny's corporate office
in Spartanburg, South Carolina, also did not return a phone message.

In addition to restitution, Halim received 10 years of formal probation, which
is supervised, and must perform 3,500 hours of community service.

"$837,000 is a huge amount. I've never had someone pay that much," McDonald
said. "He owes even more because he has missed three quarterly payments since
the case was filed. Hopefully, he won't miss anymore or he will be going back to
court."

Since the conviction, McDonald said he advised Halim that, as a condition of his
probation, if he fails to pay his quarterly taxes just one time he must let
McDonald know. He faces prison time if he misses a payment, something McDonald
said was avoided in the negotiated sentence due to Halim's advanced age and the
fact that he was able to pay the ordered restitution after selling his
restaurants.

As the operator of a well-known business, McDonald said of Halim: "He should
have done better, and he better do better in the future because he won't get a
break from me if he violates probation."

-- Contact reporter Joe Goldeen at (209) 546-8278 or jgoldeen@recordnet.com
Follow him at recordnet.com/goldeenblog and on Twitter @JoeGoldeen.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150506-SK-Former-Denny-s-owner-convicted-of-sales-tax-evasion
-0506-20150506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 15, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Jefferies enters new field with $ 20M from Phillies

BYLINE: Steve Ballard; Mel Antonen; Peter Brewington

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 812 words


Gregg Jefferies signed with his fourth team Wednesday, the Philadelphia
Phillies, and that means he'll spend the winter learning to play a new position:
left field.

On the day before baseball owners are expected to implement a salary cap, the
Phillies gave Jefferies $ 20 million for four years. (Strike coverage, 1A, 1,
3C), baseman for St. Louis in 1994, has played second and third base with the
New York Mets and Kansas City Royals. He said he hopes the strike is settled
soon because he misses his "fix of dirt."

The Cardinals offered a four-year, $ 20 million contract but wouldn't include a
no-trade clause. Jefferies insisted on one because he said he has moved his
family too much: "The uncertainty is no fun."

The Phillies, who will not sign first baseman John Kruk, will use Dave Hollins
at first. The Cardinals said they will switch Todd
Zeile from third to first.   - Mel Antonen

BASEBALL: San Francisco Giants outfielder Darryl Strawberry pleaded innocent
Wednesday and was released on his own recognizance at his arraignment on federal
tax evasion charges in White Plains, N.Y. His agent, Eric Goldschmidt, also
pleaded innocent to felony tax evasion, which carries a maximum penalty of five
years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine.

Seattle Mariners right fielder Jay Buhner, a free agent, says he expects to sign
soon with the Baltimore Orioles. "I haven't heard anything official yet from my
agents, but I'm expecting a phone call," Buhner said Wednesday.

SOCCER: Padova defender Alexi Lalas, the first American to play in the Italian
first division, must sit out Sunday's match against Reggiana after receiving his
fourth yellow card of the season in a game last weekend.

U.S. national team defender Marcelo Balboa Wednesday was named Honda Player of
the Year. Lalas was runner-up for the second consecutive year, and goalkeeper
Tony Meola was third in the voting by 150 journalists.

Also: Dante Washington had two goals as the CISL Select Team beat Iran 7-4
Wednesday in the Intercontinental Indoor Soccer Tournament at Pachuca, Mexico.
Diego Maradona had two goals as Argentina beat Switzerland 5-3.

SKIING: Michelle Ruthven, a three-time Olympian from Canada, won her second
North American Championship Series downhill Wednesday at Whitefish, Mont. She
edged Lindsey Roberts by two-hundredths of a second.

COLLEGES: Fred Goldsmith, who coached Duke football to an 8-3 record in his
first year, was named winner of the Bobby Dodd National Coach of the Year Award.
He led the Blue Devils to their best football season since 1989.

Texas Southern officials admitted Wednesday some football and track athletes
received academic credit they did not earn. The Houston school's athletic
department is under scrutiny from the NCAA and county prosecutors.

HIGH SCHOOLS: Lincoln Park Academy of Fort Pierce, Fla., is expected to receive
sanctions from the Florida High School Activities Association later this week in
the wake of Monday's girls basketball game against St. Edward's of Vero Beach.
"There will be action taken," FHSA spokesman Jack Watford said. The game was
called with 1: 18 left in overtime after Lincoln Park Academy, trailing 35-31,
received six technical fouls. Coach Mania Mack, who refused to leave the gym
after her second technical, was relieved of her duties Tuesday.  - Peter
Brewington

A 30-year-old man is in custody for the shooting of three Bryan Adams High
School football players Monday night outside an East Dallas apartment complex,
one fatally. Stephen Germany, 17, a senior all-district defensive tackle, died
of a head wound Tuesday at Baylor University Medical Center. Police said the
youths were shot as Germany was driving his teammates home. "This was not a
random shooting," a police spokeswoman said.

ELSEWHERE: Pete Sampras and Arantxa Sanchez Vicario, both of whom won two grand
slam events this year, were designated 1994 world champions by the International
Tennis Federation. . . . A bull rider injured at the National Finals Rodeo
Sunday in Las Vegas remains in very critical condition. Brent Thurman, 25, of
Austin, Texas, suffered a head injury. . . . British runner Diane Modahl was
banned for four years when a British Athletic Federation disciplinary committee
upheld a laboratory finding that she had tested positive for the male hormone
testosterone. . . . IBM will sponsor the 1996 Atlanta Paralympic Games and will
provide computer hardware and software. The Games will run Aug. 16-27 and
feature more than 4,000 athletes with physical or visual impairments from 111
nations.

QUOTE OF THE DAY

"I've never seen 105 guys so mad to be going to Hawaii." - Kansas State football
co-captain Mike Ekeler on the team's reaction after the 9-2 Wildcats were
bypassed for a New Year's Day bowl game and accepted an invitation to the Aloha
Bowl.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Nanine Hartzenbusch, AP

TYPE: Update

FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 23, 2001 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

FORMER GRANITE CITY STEEL CHIEF PLEADS GUILTY TO FRAUD, TAX EVASION;
 JAMES SQUIRES DIDN'T REPORT $1.1 MILLION

BYLINE: Michael Shaw Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 503 words


Former Granite City Steel General Manager James Squires pleaded guilty to mail
fraud and tax evasion Wednesday, agreeing to help prosecutors with their
investigation into steel price-fixing.

Squires pleaded guilty to the two charges, which included failing to report $1.1
million in taxable income to the Internal Revenue Service. The businessman, who
appeared in U.S. District Court in East St. Louis, is scheduled to be sentenced
Nov. 30. He could face a maximum of five years in prison on each count. He could
also be fined and ordered to pay restitution.

Federal prosecutor Tom Daly refused to discuss how extensive the investigation
is, saying only that it was "very sensitive." U.S. District Judge David R.
Herndon sealed the case file on Squires.

"He's been completely (cooperative) with respect to our requests" in the
investigation, Daly said.

In exchange for the plea, Daly agreed to recommend a sentence on the lower end
of sentencing guidelines.

Squires, 63, of Ladue, had been a blue-collar success story, working his way up
over a 44-year career from the blast furnaces to senior vice president and top
officer of Granite City Steel, a division of National Steel of Mishawaka, Ind.

He was fired March 24 last year, and the company sued him a day later. The suit,
filed in Madison County Circuit Court, alleged he received kickbacks in exchange
for authorizing the purchase of scrap metal at exorbitant prices from Marbi
Inc., a supplier in West Palm Beach, Fla. The payments began in 1988 and
continued until Squires was fired last year.

In June, Squires paid Granite City Steel and National Steel $3 million to settle
the suit. It has not yet been dismissed, but David M. Zinn, a lawyer at National
Steel's law firm, Williams & Connolly in Washington, said only minor issues
remain between Squires and the parent company.

National Steel, the country's fourth-largest steelmaker, filed lawsuits in
Florida and Indiana in April last year, seeking damages from Marbi's executives
and owners. National Steel contends the deals cost it at least $3.15 million
since 1994. Zinn said those lawsuits are still in the discovery stage, meaning
plaintiffs and defendants are still gathering information.

Granite City Steel, with 3,000 employees, is the largest employer in Granite
City. The Squires case comes as the company struggles with lower-priced steel
dumped on U.S. markets by foreign manufacturers. The dumping has hurt the
American steel industry and forced steelmakers across the nation to lay off
thousands of workers to cut costs.

Squires, wearing a sport coat and responding politely to questions from Herndon,
agreed to surrender his passport, dispose of his firearms and restrict his
travel to eastern Missouri and Southern Illinois. Herndon permitted Squires to
visit his grandchildren in California next month.

Herndon said Squires is no risk of flight, and released him on an unsecured
$100,000 bond. Neither Squires nor his attorney, Barry Short, would comment.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Michael Shaw: E-mail: mshaw@post-dispatch.com Phone:
618-235-3988

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; PHOTO - (James) Squires - Rose from blast furnace to top officer
at mill

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Two are sentenced in tax evasion case

BYLINE: Lee Hammel, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 405 words


Two men with ties to Leominster were among five men sentenced yesterday in U.S.
District Court in Seattle for participating in an illegal tax evasion scheme.

Daniel Andersen, who lived in Leominster and Oxnard, Calif., was sentenced to 30
months imprisonment after pleading guilty to conspiracy to defraud the United
States in July 2004. Mr. Andersen cooperated in the investigation and testified
for the prosecution at the trial of David Struckman in November 2007.

Dwayne Robare of Leominster was sentenced to three years probation after
pleading guilty to tax evasion in April 2005. He became affiliated with the
Institute of Global Prosperity in 1997, and maintained IGP's teleconferencing
system. The company was based in Washington.

Mr. Robare also cooperated in the investigation and testified for the
prosecution.

According to documents filed with the court and evidence introduced at trial,
IGP sold "wealth building" products through audiotapes, CDs and tickets to
offshore seminars. The proposed wealth-building methods marketed to clients
included placing client assets into purported foreign and common law "trusts"
while maintaining control of the assets, according to the Justice Department.

The products were sold to clients for $1,250, and tickets to attend domestic and
offshore seminars were sold at prices ranging from $6,250 to $37,000 each. None
of the five defendants reported the income he earned to the IRS and none filed
an individual income tax return, trust tax return, partnership return or
declared a financial interest in, or signature authority over, a foreign bank
account as required by law, prosecutors said.

Mr. Struckman, a former resident of Renton, Wash., was sentenced to 70 months in
prison and to pay $2.9 million in restitution. He was convicted of conspiracy to
defraud the United States and tax evasion. He moved to Panama before his
indictment in 2004 and was deported back to the United States by Panamanian
authorities in January 2006.

Several other members of IGP have previously been convicted of tax crimes. In
February 2006, Becky Coggins of Leominster, who served as office manager for
IGP, pleaded guilty in Boston to submitting false documents to the IRS. In
January 2007, Nadine Griffin, formerly of Danvers, and one of the top IGP
retailers, was sentenced after being tried and convicted in Boston of filing a
false tax return.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                   L2 Edition

Sports in 60 seconds

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 877 words


Koosman pleads guilty:

Former major-league pitcher Jerry Koosman pleaded guilty to federal tax evasion
Friday in Madison, Wis., and could face up to one year in prison. Koosman, an
all-star who helped the New York Mets win the 1969 World Series, failed to pay
federal income taxes for 2002, 2003 and 2004, defrauding the government out of
as much as $90,000, assistant U.S. attorney John Vaudreuil said. He also faces
$25,000 in fines. The 66-year-old Koosman makes his home in Osceola.

Castroneves charges dropped:

Federal prosecutors dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge against
two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister Friday,
clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened to derail
his career. Castroneves, 34 and one of the favorites for Sunday's Indy 500, and
his 35-year-old sister Katiucia, were acquitted of other tax evasion charges by
a jury April 17.

Vick meets probation officer:

Michael Vick met with probation officials Friday in Norfolk, Va., for the second
time in the two days he's been home from prison, and prepared to begin a
$10-an-hour construction job after the holiday weekend. Wearing jeans, a light
blue shirt and navy blue blazer, the former Atlanta Falcons star quarterback
looked straight ahead as he entered the federal courthouse, escorted by his
fiancee and a member of his security team. He was joined inside by his lawyer,
Lawrence Woodward. Vick made no statements to reporters and didn't acknowledge a
few onlookers who shouted encouragement.

Flames fire Keenan:

Mike Keenan was fired as coach of the Calgary Flames on Friday, almost a month
after his team lost in the first round of the playoffs for the second straight
year. Keenan spent just two seasons with Calgary, and general manager Darryl
Sutter said expectations were not met.

"Taking into consideration all factors affecting our season-ending result, we
believe this is a necessary change required to allow our team to continue toward
our objective of winning the Stanley Cup," Sutter said.

The Flames finished the regular season with 46 wins and 98 points but were
ousted in the first round in six games by the Blackhawks.

Nadal No. 1 seed in French Open:

Rafael Nadal's most recent matches were a loss to Roger Federer and a four-hour
struggle to beat Novak Djokovic, both on clay, so the French Open draw brought a
bit of good news Friday for the four-time defending champion. Federer and
Djokovic are lined up to meet in the semifinals, meaning the top-seeded Nadal
could only face one as he bids to become the first man to win the clay-court
Grand Slam tournament five consecutive years.

Serena and Venus Williams were drawn into opposite sides of the tournament and
could meet in the championship match. Serena beat Venus in the 2002 final for
the family's only singles title at Roland Garros; they have won 16 majors
elsewhere. Top-ranked Dinara Safina starts against Anne Keothavong of Britain.

Sabbatini, Mallinger co-leaders:

Rory Sabbatini followed an unconventional par with 4 consecutive birdies on way
to a season-best 6-under 64 and a share of the second-round lead Friday with
John Mallinger at the Byron Nelson Championship in Irving, Texas. Mallinger
eagled both par 5s at the TPC Four Seasons and made a 15-foot birdie putt on his
final hole for a 65 to match Sabbatini at 8-under 132.

-- Scotland's Ross Drummond shot a 4-under 66 to take a 2-stroke lead after the
second round of the Senior PGA Championship at Beachwood, Ohio. The 52-year-old
Drummond had a 4-under 136 total. Tom Purtzer, whose 66 tied him for the
first-round lead with Scott Hoch, faded to a 72 and was 2 shots back along with
Hoch.

-- France's Karine Icher shot a 6-under 66 take a 2-stroke lead over South
Korea's Hee-Won Han in the final LPGA Corning Classic at Corning, N.Y. Icher,
the first-round co-leader at 8 under with Hee Young Park, had a 14-under 130
total. That broke the 36-hole record for the tournament by

1 shot and equaled the best back-to-back rounds in Corning history.

-- England's Paul Casey shot a 5-under 67 at historic Wentworth to take a
2-stroke lead in the BMW PGA Championship at Virginia Water, England.

Etc.: After losing tens of millions of dollars, the first black majority owner
of a major professional sports team is exploring selling the Charlotte Bobcats.
Bob Johnson's decision could pave the way for minority investor Michael Jordan
to take control of the team -- if he's willing to meet Johnson's price.

-- Chris Ford, a pro scout with the Philadelphia 76ers who was interim coach
five years ago, has interviewed for the team's head-coaching job.

-- A pit bull owned by Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison bit his
2-year-old son in the thigh, but the boy is expected to recover though he
remained hospitalized Friday, the player's agent said.

-- O.J. Simpson has switched lawyers on the eve of his appeal to the Nevada
Supreme Court to reverse his conviction in an armed hotel room heist, his former
attorney said Friday. Las Vegas attorney Gabriel Grasso said he had been
replaced by Malcolm Lavergne.

-- Purdue's Maria Hernandez shot a 1-under 71 for a 1-stroke victory in the NCAA
Division I Women's Golf Championship, and Arizona State beat UCLA by 8 shots for
its seventh team title.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

Sentencing postponed for a third time in tax evasion case against Rindge man

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


Nov. 04--A U.S. District Court judge has agreed for a third time to postpone the
sentencing of a Rindge man on multiple charges of tax evasion. Now that hearing
is slated for March.

Sentencing in the federal case against Aaron E. Olson was originally scheduled
for Sept. 26, but that hearing was later pushed to Oct. 30, then to Dec. 2, and
now to March 2, resulting in more than a five-month delay.

Olson pleaded guilty this spring to four counts of tax evasion, for understating
the federal income taxes he owed from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000,
according to court documents.

He is accused of swindling investors of his two firms -- AEO Associates and KMO
Associates -- out of $27.8 million, and diverting $2.6 million of that money for
his personal use, according to a plea agreement filed in April in U.S. District
Court.

Olson's sentencing was initially postponed because attorneys from both sides
needed additional time to complete a restitution order. Judge Landya B.
McCafferty granted a second request for continuance because Olson's 44-year-old
sister, Annie Smith, had died from a terminal illness, according to court
documents filed in U.S. District Court.

This time, Olson has requested a later date because he has new legal counsel.
Robert S. Carey of Concord represented Olson for three years, but Kevin E.
Sharkey of Manchester is Olson's attorney as of late October, according to court
documents.

Sharkey requested that McCafferty postpone Olson's Dec. 2 sentencing 90 days to
adequately prepare for the hearing. Preparation includes going through more than
6,000 pages of documents -- including six to seven years of financial records --
and calculating the amount in restitution that Olson owes his victims, many of
whom are family and friends, Sharkey wrote in court documents.

Olson will be ordered to pay restitution instead of the hundreds of thousands of
dollars in taxes he owes the U.S. government, according to Assistant U.S.
Attorney Mark S. Zuckerman, who is prosecuting the case.

He wrote in court documents filed last month that he opposes any further
continuance of Olson's sentencing, "absent extraordinary circumstances."

"Due to the nature of the defendant's conduct, the investigation of this matter
was protracted, and now, even after the parties have entered into a plea
agreement, the resolution of this case has been drawn out," Zuckerman wrote.
"The defendant defrauded scores of victims through his fraudulent investment
operation."

Attorneys are recommending that Olson serve 3 1/2  years in prison as part of
the plea deal. He was released on bail conditions until his sentencing.

Olson also faces $200,000 in fines from the N.H. Bureau of Securities Regulation
for violations of New Hampshire securities laws, including fraud and failure to
license himself and his investment firms to conduct business in the state.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141104-KN-Sentencing-postponed-for-a-third-time-in-tax-evasion
-case-against-Rindge-man-1104-20141104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2014 The Keene Sentinel


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Rindge man pleads guilty to tax evasion charges in federal court

BYLINE: Kyle Jarvis, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 796 words


May 16--CONCORD -- A Rindge man faces prison time after pleading guilty to
multiple charges of tax evasion, two years after reports surfaced of an alleged
scheme that cost investors millions.

Aaron E. Olson, 39, was accused of swindling investors out of $27.8 million, and
diverting $2.6 million of that money for his personal use, according to a plea
agreement filed in U.S. District Court in Concord.

Olson pleaded guilty to four charges of tax evasion Thursday at the court.

Meanwhile, the state's Bureau of Securities Regulation also fined Olson, the
agency announced Thursday.

As part of a plea deal, prosecutors recommended that Olson serve 3 1/2  years in
prison. Judge Landya B. McCafferty will sentence Olson in September. He was
released on personal recognizance until then.

Olson appeared in court Thursday wearing a light-colored dress shirt and dark
slacks, and answered several questions from McCafferty to demonstrate that he
understood the rights he was giving up by pleading guilty.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark S. Zuckerman told McCafferty that, if the case were
to go to trial, the state would likely prove that Olson, as the sole proprietor
of companies AEO Associates and KMO Associates, obtained about $27.8 million
from individuals and organizations to invest.

Olson "failed to maintain accounting of gains realized and losses incurred as a
result of any investments he made on their behalf," Zuckerman said. "The records
also show that the defendant commingled funds from investors with his own funds,
and also show he used some of the other funds to make payments for what he
falsely reported to be earnings, and to entice them to place more funds with him
to invest."

Zuckerman said Olson also filed false and fraudulent tax returns for himself and
his wife, Kim, from 2007 to 2010, totaling about $665,000 in unpaid taxes. Olson
had reported owing $35,900, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Concord.

McCafferty asked Olson if the facts as presented by Zuckerman were true.

"Yes, it was," Olson answered.

McCafferty then asked Olson if he was guilty of those acts.

"Yes, I am," he said, as his wife looked on from the gallery.

Zuckerman told McCafferty that state prosecutors have tried to reach as many of
Olson's victims as possible.

"We cannot yet reach all, but we've spoken to those who lost the greatest number
of dollars, and explained the disposition we've come to in this case," he said.
"We're working still to identify all investors in this scheme."

Not everyone was willing to cooperate with the investigation, Zuckerman said.

"In many instances, victims have elected not to come forward or provide
information for investigators," he said.

Many investors -- who reside not just in New Hampshire but in Washington state
and the southeastern U.S. -- are reluctant to discuss the extent of their losses
and how their lives have been affected. Many were friends and family.

McCafferty told Olson that despite the plea deal and the state's recommended
prison time, she is not bound by that agreement, and could decide to impose a
sentence more or less severe.

Each charge carries a maximum penalty of up to five years in prison and a fine
of $250,000, she said.

Olson confirmed that he understood those terms and that he'd discussed them with
his attorney, Robert S. Carey.

The state's Bureau of Securities Regulation fined Olson $200,000 for violations
of New Hampshire securities laws, including fraud and failure to license himself
or his investment firms. The order comes after two years of investigations by
the bureau and the U.S. Attorney's Office, the bureau said in a statement.

"The first, AEO Associates, was never registered to conduct business in New
Hampshire nor licensed to deal in securities," state officials said in the
statement. "The second, KMO Associates, Inc., was registered as a corporation
with the State of Massachusetts in 2010 but was never licensed to conduct
securities business in New Hampshire. In addition, Olson was never licensed in
any capacity.

"By avoiding the licensure requirements, Mr. Olson was able to avoid scrutiny of
his illegal activities for several years," Eric Forcier, bureau staff attorney,
said in the statement.

Olson must pay any restitution ordered by McCafferty before he pays the fine,
state officials said.

State officials also said Olson is banned for life from getting a securities
license.

Carey and Olson declined to comment after the hearing.

The effects of Olson's plea on KMO's interest in reopening a dormant quarry in
Fitzwiliam are unclear.

Kyle Jarvis can be reached at kjarvis@keenesentinel.com or 283-0755. Follow him
on Twitter @KJarvisKS.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140516-KN-Rindge-man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-charges-in-federal-court-0516-20140516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2014


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hour (Norwalk, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 30, 2011 Saturday

Weston man pleads guilty to mortgage fraud and tax evasion, faces 65 years in
prison

BYLINE: The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


April 30--NORWALK -- A 46-year-old Weston man pleaded guilty to mortgage fraud
and tax evasion charges Friday at U.S. District Court in New Haven.

Genaro Hathaway, 46, of Weston, pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy and
one count of tax evasion. He faces a maximum of 65 years in prison and a fine of
at least $616,547.93. He will be sentenced July 18.

Hathaway's husband, Steven J. Kottage, pleaded guilty April 21 to two counts of
conspiracy for his role in the fraud scheme, and he faces 60 years in federal
prison for the charges. Kottage is currently serving a prison sentence on
charges stemming from dragging a Weston Police officer alongside his car.

The third co-conspirator in the case, 53-year-old Milford resident Mary Jean
Durso, was sentenced to six months of home confinement and three years of
probation on March 9.

According to the 11-count indictment from the U.S. Attorney's Office, which
includes bank and wire fraud, conspiracy and tax evasion and filing false tax
returns, Kottage and Hathaway filed false information in order to obtain loans
from Wells Fargo Home Mortgage and H&R Block Home Mortgage for a home in Fire
Island, N.Y.

The banks lost more than $500,000 due to the fraud scheme, according to the
indictment.

Durso, Kottage and Hathaway also filed false loan information to Washington
Mutual to refinance a condominium in Hillsboro Beach, Fla., according to the
indictment.

The indictment further alleges that Hathaway and Durso engaged in tax fraud.

To see more of The Hour or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehour.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110430-NK-Weston-man-pleads-guilty-to-mortgage-fraud-and-tax-evasion
-20110430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NK


                            Copyright 2011 The Hour


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 30, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Italy arrests Parretti on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Rome, Italy


Giancarlo Parretti, the flamboyant Italian financier who wants to be a Hollywood
movie mogul, was arrested Friday by Italian police on charges of tax evasion.

Parretti, 50, who is fighting to retain control of U.S. media group Pathe
Communications Corp., was arrested at Rome's Ciampino airport as he was waiting
to board a plane for Tunisia.

Police said Parretti was charged with tax evasion and criminal association. He
was whisked off to Sicily, where magistrates are investigating his ties to
several local companies.

Earlier this month, a prosecutor recommended that Parretti and his wife Maria
Cecconi stand trial for 121 billion lire ($122 million) in tax evasion in Italy.

The Italian news agency Ansa said the tax evasion was related to one of
Parretti's Italian companies, Finpart, based near Rome, and its ties with
several Sicilian companies.

Last March, a Naples court sentenced Parretti in absentia to four years in jail
on fraudulent bankruptcy charges related to a newspaper chain that collapsed in
1981.

Parretti described the charges as ''a joke'' and appealed.

Parretti, a one-time waiter and the son of an olive merchant, is best known for
his controversial takeover last year of the Hollywood studio MGM/UA
Communications Co. and his fight to keep it.

He bought the studio for $1.3 billion in November 1990 and stepped down as
chairman a few months later amid allegations by his bankers that he had brought
the company to the brink of bankruptcy.

His style never endeared him to members of the Hollywood film community, some of
whom charged him with making anti-Semitic remarks. He denied the charges.

Earlier this year, with MGM-Pathe, a unit of Pathe Communications, on the brink
of bankruptcy and besieged by creditors, Credit Lyonnais agreed to extend the
studio more operating funds if Parretti stepped down.

He was succeeded by film producer Alan Ladd Jr., but later moved to reassert
control.

Before he took over MGM/UA, Parretti, who had holdings in Italy and several
other European countries, bought the Cannon Group film studio of Los Angeles and
a French cinema chain.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Giancarlo Parretti faces jail term.

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Former Lee doctor convicted of tax evasion

BYLINE: Jim West, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


June 07--ALBANY, Ga. -- Robert B. Sperrazza, a former anesthesiologist and
resident of Lee County, has been convicted of tax evasion and other federal
charges.

According to a news release by the U.S. Department of Justice, Sperrazza, 60,
was convicted Friday after a four-day jury trial in Albany before Judge W. Louis
Sands, U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Georgia.

In counts 1-3 of the indictments against him, Sperrazza was charged with felony
tax evasion. In counts 4-5, he was charged with currency structuring.

The government's evidence demonstrated that Sperrazza personally cashed more
than $1 million in patient checks at the counter of a local bank in Albany.
According to the Justice Department, cash transactions were always in amounts of
less than $10,000 for the purpose of evading the bank's federal reporting
requirements and for the purpose of furthering his tax avoidance scheme.

Sperrazza was found guilty on all five counts.

The Justice Department release states that for many years Sperrazza was an
Albany-based anesthesiologist who later moved to Panama City Beach, Fla., and
opened a pain clinic there. Officials say Sperrazza is not currently involved in
the practice of medicine.

According to the Justice Department, Sperrazza was out on bond following
Friday's verdict. He faces a maximum sentence of five years for each count of
tax evasion and a maximum sentence of 10 years for each count of currency
structuring. He could also face a fine of up to $250,000 for each of the five
separate convictions.

"In these difficult economic times, the evasion of taxes is especially damaging
to the United States, and this office will pursue vigorously those who seek to
enrich themselves by evading their lawful obligation to the government," U.S.
Attorney Michael Moore said.

___ (c)2013 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130607-1AH-Former-Lee-doctor-convicted-of-tax-evasion-0607-20130607

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2013


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 15, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Legal-Tax-Evasion Ad Deceptive and in Error

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 226 words


To the Editor:

A three-column advertisement for the Newport Centre Shopping Mall in New Jersey
(Jan. 24) announces in bold print that shopping in New Jersey to avoid the New
York sales tax is legal tax evasion. The ad says that New Jersey has no sales
tax on clothing, supposedly a reason for New Yorkers to shop at the mall. This
is not true - like all tax evasion, it is illegal. The ad is deceptive and
demonstrates lack of understanding of sales tax laws.

Under New York law, goods purchased out of state for use in New York are subject
to the equivalent of a sales tax, referred to as the ''compensating use tax,''
which must be paid to New York. The rate is the same as the sales tax rate (in
New York City, 8 1/4 percent).

The ad would have a consumer believe incorrectly that shopping in New Jersey is
a legal way to avoid New York sales tax. The consumer is personally liable for
paying the use tax. New Jersey has similar laws.

More than 3,000 vendors in New York and New Jersey have joined a bistate program
to collect the use tax for the consumer's home state. I strongly urge the
retailers of Newport Centre Mall to sign up and participate in this program. The
deceptiveness of this advertisement does a public disservice and should be
discontinued.

STANLEY E. GRAYSON
N.Y.C. Commissioner of Finance
  New York, Feb. 25, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             April 10, 2009 Friday

NEBRASKA AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: Pg. B6

LENGTH: 505 words


EX-TREASURER FACING ANOTHER CHARGE

A former Adams County treasurer accused of scheming to avoid paying taxes on a
motor home is facing another tax-evasion charge.

Attorney General Jon Bruning said Monday he charged Julia Moeller and her
husband, Dwane Moeller, with tax evasion. An investigation found they reported
false information to reduce taxes on another vehicle.

Julia Moeller was charged last fall with tax evasion, official misconduct and
abuse of public records in connection with a motor home registration. She
resigned as treasurer in January.

Bruning says the latest charge stems from April 2007, when the Moellers bought a
sport utility vehicle and traded in a pickup. He says they inflated the pickup's
trade-in value to reduce their sales-tax responsibility.

LAWSUIT FILED AGAINST COMPANY FOR SPROUTS

OMAHA - An Omaha woman is suing a local company that health officials have tied
to a multistate salmonella outbreak.

The lawsuit brought by Amanda Monastersky of Omaha against CW Sprouts Inc. was
filed Monday in Douglas County District Court. In it, Monastersky says she was
among more than 120 people in four Midwest states that were sickened by tainted
sprouts.

It's the second known lawsuit filed against CW Sprouts in connection with the
outbreak.

CW Sprouts has defended its products, which were distributed to grocery stores
and restaurants. Officials said they believe their safety practices, which
include testing for salmonella, would have caught any tainted sprouts.

Salmonella poisoning can cause diarrhea, fever, dehydration, abdominal pain and
vomiting.

NEBRASKA ZOO NEW HOME TO ASIAN CATS

SCOTTSBLUFF - The Riverside Zoo in Scottsbluff is now the home to two Pallas
cats, a small wild cat native to central Asia. The cats are brothers named
Fillip and Aleksander. The pair turned a year old Monday.

Interim zoo Director Kelly Jensen says the cats are nearly full size at 8
pounds. He says their thick, long fur and facial features, including round
pupils, differentiate them from domestic cats.

In the wild, the cats inhabit the Asian steppes up to heights of 13,000 feet.
The cats were once hunted for their fur but are now protected in most areas.

Jensen says the cats came from the Great Plains Zoo in Sioux Falls, S.D.

SNOW BUSTS SCOUTS' TREE-PLANTING EVENT

FORT ROBINSON STATE PARK - Thousands of trees that had been slated for planting
in a western Nebraska state park will now be going to other venues.

That's after plans by Boy Scouts to plant some 15,000 Ponderosa pine trees in
Fort Robinson State Park this weekend were cut short by a spring snow storm.

Park Superintendent Mike Morava said about 350 Scouts traveled to the park
Friday, but only about 1,000 of the seedlings were planted before heavy snow and
high winds Saturday forced the cancellation of the tree planting.

Morava says the more than 14,000 seedlings that didn't get planted will now go
to projects elsewhere.

Scouts began planting trees at Fort Robinson in 1990, the year after fire burned
more than 48,000 acres at the park.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009 Friday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 10, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry pleads guilty to tax evasion, faces jail, fine

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 132 words


Outfielder Darryl Strawberry, released Monday by the San Francisco Giants for
failing drug tests, pleaded guilty to tax evasion Thursday in federal court at
White Plains, N.Y.

Strawberry, who said in his plea that he didn't pay $ 75,000-$ 120,000 in taxes
between 1986-90, could have been sentenced to five years but plea-bargained for
a lighter sentence.

Strawberry, 32, likely will spend three months in jail with three months of home
confinement with an electronic monitor. Strawberry is also to pay a fine of $
150,000-$ 250,000.

He pleaded innocent to tax-evasion charges last December after hiding more than
$ 500,000 in income from autograph shows.

Strawberry was released by the Giants after violating baseball's drug policy and
the terms of his after-care program.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

SECTION: C:DAILY CAMERA; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 616 words


Castroneves

acquitted

of tax evasion

Brazilian race car driver and "Dancing With The Stars" champ

Helio Castroneves

was acquitted Friday of most charges that he worked with his sister and lawyer
to evade more than $2.3 million in U.S. income taxes.

A federal jury acquitted Castroneves on six counts of tax evasion but was hung
on one count of conspiracy.

The jury also acquitted

Katiucia Castroneves

, 35, who is her 33-year-old brother's business manager, on the tax evasion
counts but also hung on the conspiracy charge. Michigan motorsports attorney

Alan Miller

, 71, was acquitted on all three counts of tax evasion and one count of
conspiracy. The deliberations took six days after a six-week trial.

A few moments later, Castroneves said that he can't wait to suit up for this
weekend's Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach.

All three faced more than six years in prison if convicted of conspiracy and tax
evasion between 1999 and 2004. The case mainly revolved around income from a $2
million sponsorship deal Castroneves had with the Brazilian firm Coimex and his
$5 million licensing deal he reached with Penske Racing in late 1999.

In other auto racing:

Kasey Kahne

said he doesn't want to break his contract with Richard Petty Motorsports at the
end of the season and will race with the team through 2010.

Nadal extends streak

at Monte Carlo

Top-ranked

Rafael Nadal

stretched his winning streak at the Monte Carlo Masters to 24 matches, beating

Nicolas Lapentti

of Ecuador 6-3, 6-0 to advance to the quarterfinals.

The players exchanged breaks in a tough opening set but the four-time defending
champion never looked back after breaking Lapentti again and holding for a 4-2
lead.

In other tennis:

Top-seeded

Elena Dementieva

advanced to the Family Circle Cup semifinals when

Dominika Cibulkova

quit in the second set because of a leg injury. Dementieva next meets
fifth-seeded

Caroline Wozniacki

, who routed

Virginie Razzano

6-2, 6-0.

Two to transfer from

OU women's team

Oklahoma Sooners coach

Sherri Coale

announced that guards

Jenny Vining

and

Rose Hammond

plan to leave the team after the spring semester to seek additional playing
time.

Vining had struggled with her shot for most of her two seasons at Oklahoma.

Hammond scored just seven points all season in limited playing time as the
Sooners' third-string point guard.

In brief

Former Husker football star

Trev Alberts

is among four finalists to be athletic director at the University of Nebraska at
Omaha.

Arkansas junior forward

Michael Washington

has made himself available for the NBA draft without signing with an agent.

The NCAA says former Duke basketball player

Greg Paulus

would need a transfer waiver for football eligibility at another Division I
college. The former high school quarterback has used up his basketball
eligibility but still has one season for another sport and has met with Michigan
football coach

Rich Rodriguez

.

Penn State hired

Cael Sanderson

away from his alma mater to take over Nittany Lions wrestling. Sanderson was
hired after three successful seasons at Iowa State, where the Olympic gold
medalist won four NCAA championships as a wrestler.

The Rangers have signed Hobey Baker Award winning defenseman

Matt Gilroy

just days after he helped Boston University win the NCAA championship.

Acting U.S. Olympic Committee CEO

Stephanie Streeter

has resigned her position from the federation's board of directors, which named
her to replace ousted CEO

Jim Scherr

last month.

World champion

Evan Lysacek

won the free skate, keeping the United States in the lead at the World Team
Trophy.

Georgia won its fifth straight national title and record 10th overall at the
NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championships.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday

Man gets 1 year for tax fraud // Shrewsbury businessman

BYLINE: Linda Bock

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 253 words


A Westboro man was sentenced yesterday to a year in prison for his role in a tax
evasion scheme that involved New Hampshire income tax resisters William S. Dion
and Catherine Floyd, both formerly of Uxbridge.

U.S. District Judge F. Dennis Saylor in Boston sentenced Kenneth S. Alcock of
Westboro to 12 months and a day and ordered him to pay $201,000 in restitution.
Mr. Alcock pleaded guilty in January to tax evasion and conspiring to defraud
the federal government. He testified against his alleged co-conspirators in
April, helping to convict them of similar charges.

Mr. Alcock's brother Gary, also of Westboro, owned and operated G&K Trucking
Co., a trash hauling company, as well as Bark Mulch & Loam Co., a landscaping
business. Both companies were operated out of the same site in Shrewsbury.

Under the guidance of Mr. Dion and Ms. Floyd, the Alcocks set up a paper company
called Alex Management to divert and hide business receipts - to make Gary
Alcock's businesses fraudulently "disappear" on paper and evade the Internal
Revenue Service. The brothers used Contract America, a business run by Mr. Dion,
Ms. Floyd and Charles Adams of Norwood, to pay Gary Alcock's employees under the
table without withholding or paying Social Security, Medicare and income taxes.

Gary Alcock, as well as a West Warwick, R.I., couple, Gail and Myron Thorick,
pleaded guilty to the scheme on Dec. 9 and are awaiting sentencing.

Judge Saylor sentenced Mr. Dion to 7 years in prison, Ms. Floyd to 5 years, and
Mr. Adams to 4 years.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Westboro man was sentenced yesterday to a year in prison for his role
in a tax evasion scheme that involved New Hampshire income tax resisters William
S. Dion and Catherine Floyd, both formerly of Uxbridge. U.S. District Judge F.
Dennis Saylor in Boston sentenced Kenneth S. Alcock of Westboro to 12 months and
a day and ordered him to pay $201,000 in restitution. Mr. Alcock pleaded guilty
in January to tax evasion and conspiring to defraud the federal government. He
testified against his alleged co-conspirators in April, helping to convict them
of similar charges.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Judge rejects lawyer's bid to end supervision;
Uhl remains suspended

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


A federal judge has denied suspended lawyer Christopher M. Uhl's motion to cease
his supervised release.

The former lawyer from Southboro served a sentence of more than two and a half
years in federal prison for tax evasion. He was sentenced to two years of
supervised release as well.

Mr. Uhl hopes to either practice law again or work as a real estate agent, but
his license to practice law in several states was suspended and he was disbarred
in New York.

The motion was filed earlier this week by Mr. Uhl and denied by a federal judge
Wednesday.

A federal jury in 2010 found Mr. Uhl guilty of six counts of tax evasion.

He served his time in a Pennsylvania federal prison and was released to a
halfway house in Boston in November 2011. During his stay at the halfway house,
Mr. Uhl began working part time at the Upper Crust pizza chain, which declared
bankruptcy after being accused of labor violations and other misdeeds, and for
California Pizza Kitchen.

He has continued to work for California Pizza Kitchen since his release from the
halfway house just about a year ago, according to the motion he filed. He states
that he has complied with all requirements of his probation and claimed he no
longer needed to be supervised.

Part of Mr. Uhl's sentence included the payment of hundreds of thousands of
dollars in restitution and fines. He has made payments.

"The defendant's best option to repay the United States the taxes due is to
become employed as an attorney or Realtor," Mr. Uhl wrote. "The defendant would
like to become a Realtor but is denied in Massachusetts while on probation."

If the judge had allowed Mr. Uhl's motion, he planned to begin working as a real
estate agent.

Mr. Uhl, who once worked as a fingerprint technician for the FBI, said his
license to practice law has been suspended in Connecticut, Maryland and
Washington, D.C. His law license was also suspended in Massachusetts and Maine,
but he can apply for reinstatement in May 2015.

"The defendant has been rehabilitated and requires no further supervision," the
motion states. "The defendant now must try to rebuild his life and rise from the
ashes like the Phoenix to support his children and repay the taxes owed."

Contact Scott J. Croteau at scroteau@telegram.com Follow him on Twitter
@ScottCroteauTG

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    February 10, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry pleads guilty ; Tax-evasion case part of a bad week

BYLINE: AP; CP

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL NOTES; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 279 words

DATELINE: WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.


Darryl Strawberry, the former Mets and Dodger slugger whose career has been
hampered by drug and alcohol problems, pleaded guilty yesterday to tax evasion.

The plea, which had been expected as part of a bargain with prosecutors, came
three days after Strawberry, 32, was suspended from baseball and released by the
San Francisco Giants for failing drug tests.

Strawberry's plea said he failed to pay between $ 75,000 and $ 120,000 in taxes
between 1986 and 1990. The court session is continuing.

Strawberry had pleaded innocent in December to the tax-evasion charges, which
said he hid more than $ 500,000 in income he received from memorabilia shows and
personal appearances.

Strawberry was suspended Monday for 60 days for violating baseball's drug policy
and the terms of his aftercare program. The Giants released him right after the
penalty was announced.

The Associated Press learned that cocaine was the drug Strawberry tested
positive for last month.

* PITTSBURGH - Jeff Moffie, a Cleveland investment manager, said his lawyers
have made a cash bid of between $ 85 million and $ 100 million for the
Pittsburgh Pirates.

The offer was made to Wertheim Schroeder, the Pirates' investment banker.

* SAN JUAN - Bernie Williams hit two home runs and Edgar Martinez drove in three
runs last night to lead Puerto Rico to a 9-3 victory over the Dominican Republic
and its third Caribbean World Series title in four years.

Puerto Rico completed the round-robin with a 6-0 record and the Dominican
Republic ended 4-2.

Puerto Rico starter Ricky Bones took a no-hitter into the sixth inning before
losing it on a one-out single to Esteban Beltre.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP/ Darryl Strawberry arrives at court.

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Lackawanna County man pleads guilty to federal tax evasion charges in
Massachusetts court

BYLINE: James O'Malley, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


March 24--A Lackawanna County man faces prison time and heavy fines after
pleading guilty to federal tobacco tax evasion charges.

Irfan Sami, 46, of Scranton, entered the plea Monday in U.S. District Court in
Springfield, Massachusetts, admitting to one count of conspiracy and three
counts of wire fraud, according to a U.S. Department of Justice news release.

U.S. District Judge Mark G. Mastroianni scheduled Sami to be sentenced Sept. 24.

The charges stemmed from his role in a multi-state scheme to defraud
Massachusetts and Connecticut of tax revenue from cigars and smokeless tobacco,
the release says.

Federal prosecutors say Sami and a number of co-conspirators helped wholesale
businesses in the two states evade tobacco taxes. Working from a Scranton
warehouse, Sami was accused of helping his employer create fake invoices to make
false tobacco tax filings which understated the amount of tobacco tax due.

The conspiracy charge carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison, three
years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000. Each count of wire fraud
carries a sentence of no more than 20 years in prison, three years of supervised
release and a fine of $250,000 or twice the amount gained or lost.

Actual sentences are typically lighter than the maximum penalties.

Reach James O'Malley at 570-991-6390 or on Twitter @TL_omalley.

___ (c)2015 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150324-WB-Lackawanna-County-man-pleads-guilty-to-federal-tax-evasion
-charges-in-Massachusetts-court-0324-20150324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2015 The Times Leader


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 19, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

BUTZ REPORTED SET TO ADMIT TAX GUILT

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS, May 18


Former Agriculture Secretary Earl L.  Butz will plead guilty Friday to a Federal
charge of tax evasion, according to a newspaper report.

The Indianapolis Star reported tonight that Mr. Butz, 71 years old, had reached
agreement with David T. Ready, United States Attorney for the Northern District
of Indiana, and would plead guilty before Federal District Judge Jesse E.
Eschbach in Fort Wayne.

Mr. Ready, who was at his home in South Bend, Ind., late today, confirmed to
United Press International the report that Mr. Butz would enter a guilty plea.

''I won't comment on it,'' Mr. Butz told the news agency when he was reached at
a motel in Fargo, N.D., where he was scheduled to speak tomorrow to the North
Dakota Bankers Association. ''My lawyer won't comment.''

'A Shortfall in Income'

(Neither Mr. Ready, Mr. Butz, nor Mr. Butz's attorney, Cono R.  Namorato of
Washington, would confirm to The New York Times that the former Secretary of
Agriculture intended to plead guilty to one count of tax evasion.

(Mr. Butz said, ''There was a shortfall in my income reported one year, but I
paid the difference with interest and penalty.'' He refused to comment further.)

But in a conversation earlier with a reporter, Mr. Ready said, ''it'll be a
single count information of tax evasion'' at 12:30 P.M.  Friday. And The Star
quoted Mr. Ready as saying, ''The violations occurred during his post-government
service.''

No charges have been brought so far against Mr. Butz.  Mr. Ready refused to give
a dollar amount of the tentative charge.  He said that there was no agreement
reached on sentencing and that his office would probably make no recommendation
on sentencing.

Possible Penalties

The maximum penalty under law would be five years' imprisonment and a $10,000
fine.  There was no indication that the income taxed was illegal.  Judge
Eschbach is not expected to impose a sentence immediately.  His practice is to
order a presentence investigation, a spokesman for the judge said, adding that
the judge has not been party to any negotiations.

Mr. Butz served as Secretary of Agriculture under Presidents Richard M. Nixon
and Gerald R. Ford, resigning in October 1976 after widespread criticism over
his telling of a racial joke.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 20, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

JAILED JUDGE, AT SENATE HEARING, ASSAILS INVESTIGATORS

BYLINE: By BEN A. FRANKLIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 7, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 918 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 19


Federal District Judge Harry E. Claiborne, the first member of the Federal bar
to face a Senate impeachment trial in half a century, testified today in his own
defense and accused the Government of ''putting the hammer to me'' to convict
him of income tax evasion.

Under oath, he said agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and lawyers
with the Justice Department ''felt a personal dislike for me'' because he had
opposed ''arrogant'' Government plans to ''get rid of a lot of people'' in Las
Vegas, where he served as chief Federal District judge.

He took the stand before a special Senate committee of six Republicans and six
Democrats, all of them lawyers. The impeachment prosecution is being conducted,
under the Constitution, by a nine-man team of ''managers'' from the House of
Representatives, which approved the impeachment charges unanimously last July.

Support for 'Motives' Testimony

The 69-year-old Judge Claiborne began serving a two-year prison term in a
Federal penitentiary in Alabama after losing appeals of his 1984 conviction on
tax evasion charges. He has refused to resign his lifetime judicial appointment.

In testifying today about a Government vendetta, the judge spoke extensively,
under questioning by his lawyer, about an issue that House managers want to keep
out of the proceedings. They want to limit the proceedings to the tax evasion
issue. The special committee must report to the full Senate before a vote
scheduled Sept. 29 on whether to remove Judge Claiborne.

Five of the 12 senators requested today that more witnesses be called to testify
about the Claiborne tax prosecutors' ''motives.''

But Senator Charles McC. Mathias Jr., the Maryland Republican who heads the
committee, and Senator Paul Sarbanes, Democrat of Maryland and the committee
vice chairman, have consistently opposed widening the hearing, and they
apparently have the votes to prevent it. Judge Claiborne will be cross-examined
Monday by the House impeachment prosecutors and by committee members.

Speaking calmly in the drawl of his native Arkansas, Judge Claiborne said that
the former agent in charge of the F.B.I. in Las Vegas, Joseph Yablonsky, had
come there ''with the idea of planting the American flag in the Nevada desert''
by prosecuting and driving out ''public figures'' the bureau believed to be
corrupt.

''His idea of doing that was to get rid of a lot of people and unfortunately for
me I was foremost in his ambitious path,'' Judge Claiborne said. The judge said
he had been reluctant to approve the bureau's petitions to his court for
wiretaps. ''He had to get rid of me to accomplish the thing he wanted,'' he
said.

Referring to other members of the F.B.I., to prosecutors in the Las Vegas office
of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Strike Force and to attorneys of the
Justice Department's Office of Professional Responsibility, the ethics group
that eventually took over his tax prosecution, Judge Claiborne said: ''To them,
I was a threat.''

The judge's defense has maintained through a week of testimony that his tax
troubles were the result of ''stupid'' tax preparers and, at worst, should have
been the subject of civil action to rectify what the defense said were merely
mistakes in his 1979 and 1980 returns. The judge was convicted for ''willfully''
underreporting for those years $106,000 in delayed legal fees from more than 30
years of his former private law practice in Las Vegas.

Senator Howell Heflin, an Alabama Democrat who is a former chief justice of the
Alabama Supreme Court, sought to pursue the ''motives'' issue today, and is
asking for testimony next week from Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service ''experts'' on how Federal prosecutors decide civil penalty claims or
criminal charges are warranted in tax filings.

Senator David H. Pryor, Democrat of Arkansas, called the ''motives'' issue ''key
testimony,'' and said: ''Being that we are assembled, we also have an
opportunity that happens rarely. That opportunity is that maybe, for the first
time, can find out how our own Government works in a matter like this.''

'Indications' of a 'Vendetta'

Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, said, ''I have a lot of trouble with
this - a man's whole life and reputation is on the line.'' He said there were
''some indications'' that ''the Government did conduct a vendetta.'' Senators
John Warner, Republican of Virginia, and Larry Pressler, Republican of South
Dakota also argued that the Senate panel should hear more testimony on the
vendetta issue.

But Senator Warren Rudman, Republican of New Hamshire, said, ''If we open it an
inch, we open it as much as anyone would like it.'' He said that the next
Congress might wish to investigate the ''motives'' question but that the
committee should not.

Other questions arose today. The judge's lawyer, produced as a surprise a 1983
memorandum to Judge Claiborne from his tax preparer, Jerry D. Watson, upon whom
the defense lawyer has sought to place blame for the flawed 1980 tax filing. Mr.
Watson, recalled as a witess today, said that, on advice of counsel, he was
invoking the Fifth Amendment against possible self-incrimination.

Mr. Watson's unexpected action caused momentary confusion and he was temporarily
excused. But it was not the only confusion. Mr. Watson's lawyer, Lawrence
Semenza of Reno, is also a character witness for ''the honesty and integrity''
of Judge Claiborne. Mr. Semenza is a former United States Attorney in Las Vegas.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Judge Harry E. Claiborne taking oath at impeachment hearing
(AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 27, 2015 Saturday

Massachusetts Dentist Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 474  words


A Douglas, Massachusetts, dentist was sentenced today to serve 16 months in
prison for tax evasion in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Massachusetts, announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo
of the Justice Department's Tax Division.


George Fenzell was indicted in February 2014 by a federal grand jury sitting in
Boston on multiple counts of tax evasion and one count of corruptly endeavoring
to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  In November 2014, he pleaded
guilty to one count of tax evasion.
U.S. District Court Judge Timothy S. Hillman also sentenced Fenzell to one year
of supervised release and ordered him to pay $157,407 in restitution to the IRS.
In sentencing Fenzell, Judge Hillman departed downward from the recommended U.S.
Sentencing Guidelines range due, in part, to Fenzell's cooperation with the
government on other matters.
According to court documents, from 1999 through 2012, Fenzell engaged in conduct
intended to obstruct the IRS.  For the years 1999 through 2007, he failed to
file timely federal income tax returns and concealed income that he earned from
his dental practice from the IRS.  Fenzell operated a dental office located in
Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.  He concealed his dental business receipts by
diverting the funds through nominee entities, including River Valley Dental.  He
used multiple nominee bank accounts to conceal his ownership of his income and
assets.  Fenzell also titled and registered a Lincoln Navigator and Ducati
motorcycle with another nominee entity, Smiling Trust, and made extensive use of
cash in order to conceal his fraud from the IRS.
In response to a Massachusetts Department of Revenue investigation and
collection action in 2007, Fenzell filed his delinquent federal tax returns for
2000 through 2005.  In filing those returns, Fenzell admitted that he owed
federal income taxes totaling $129,841.  Fenzell had not made any tax payments
to the IRS for those years.  Rather than pay the federal income taxes and
additional interest and penalties that were due and owing, between 2007 and
2012, Fenzell evaded IRS collection efforts by diverting his business receipts
to nominee entities and using nominee bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island
to hide his income and assets.  During the same period, he falsified his 2006
and 2007 tax returns that he filed late in 2009, and also failed to file his tax
returns for 2008 through 2011.
Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended the special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case, and Assistant Chief John
N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney Thomas Koelbl of the Tax Division, who are
prosecuting the case.  Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office of the
District of Massachusetts for their substantial assistance. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 15, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Trial Delayed for Ex-Executive of Tyco

BYLINE:  Reuters

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 173 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, April 14


The federal tax-evasion trial of the former chief financial officer of Tyco
International should be postponed nearly three months, until July 8, a district
judge in New Hampshire has ruled.

The trial had been set to begin on Tuesday.

Lawyers for the former executive, Mark Swartz, had wanted to delay the trial
until 60 days after his trial on more serious criminal charges in New York,
which is planned for Sept. 29.

But Judge Joseph DiClerico of United States District Court in Concord, N.H.,
denied their motion. No further trial delays will be granted in the tax-evasion
case, according to the judge's order.

Mr. Swartz's lawyers now have to prepare a tax-evasion defense while they
examine several hundred boxes of documents related to the corruption case in New
York. Prosecutors there accuse Mr. Swartz of helping loot Tyco of $600 million
while he was chief financial officer.

In the New Hampshire case, Mr. Swartz is accused of evading nearly $5 million in
federal income tax. Mr. Swartz has pleaded not guilty in both cases.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 5, 1995, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Strawberry hopes for positive turn in life

BYLINE: Bill Plunkett, Gannett News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: PALM SPRINGS, Calif.


In a life filled with many twists and turns, Darryl Strawberry says he is trying
walk the straight and narrow.

"It's been a very tough road, difficult times to deal with," said the former
All-Star outfielder, suspended from baseball for 60 days after failing a drug
test in January.

"Everything happens for a reason in life. I guess that's what it was. I take
full responsibility for it. I don't blame anybody. I don't fault anybody. I
wouldn't blame them if they didn't let me back in the game. One thing, though,
that I realize is that we're all human and we all make mistakes, and I've surely
made my share of them."

Those mistakes came crashing down on Strawberry, 33, with a vengeance the last
four months.

First, there was the positive drug test in January, the result of a relapse into
cocaine use which he attributed in part to the mounting worry about possible
jail sentence for tax evasion charges.

That relapse (his first since April 1994) resulted in his current suspension
from baseball and his outright release by the San Francisco Giants.

In the same three-day span, he also pleaded guilty to tax evasion in an
arrangement that was expected to include a three-month jail term. Just last
week, however, he was sentenced instead to three years probation beginning with
six months under house arrest at his residence in nearby Rancho Mirage.

"It was a very serious issue - a big mistake on my part, not being responsible,"
said Strawberry, who must pay the government approximately $ 350,000 in back
taxes, interest and penalties. "I'm just grateful with the way things have
worked out. It worked out so that I'm able to have a constructive life now
instead of destroying it."

The judge who handed down that sentence explained its leniency by saying he
wanted to give him room to rebuild his baseball career.

Strawberry has taken advantage of that opening this week by beginning to work
out with the Palm Springs Suns, the independent minor-league baseball team that
is making Palm Springs Stadium its home and has begun its preseason training
camp there. The Suns open the regular season May 19 but begin a two-week
schedule of exhibition games Friday night.

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Alaska Plastic Surgeon Sentenced to Prison for Wire Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 481  words


Defendant Concealed Bank Accounts in Panama and Costa Rica from the IRS

An Anchorage, Alaska, plastic surgeon was sentenced to 48 months in prison on
Friday for wire fraud and tax evasion, announced Acting Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Departments Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Karen L. Loeffler of the District of Alaska.

Tax evasion knows no geographic bounds, said Acting Assistant Attorney General
Ciraolo.  This case demonstrates that there is no longer any country where it is
safe for a defendant like Dr. Brandner to hide money from the government.  The
Department of Justice, along with its law enforcement partners, will continue to
aggressively pursue individuals who conceal assets and income abroad in an
effort to evade their responsibilities under our nations tax laws.

Dr. Michael D. Brandner, 67, was convicted by a federal jury in November 2015 of
four counts of wire fraud and three counts of tax evasion.  The charges arose
from a scheme to conceal over $5 million of assets in secret bank accounts in
Panama and Costa Rica from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Dr. Brandners
wife.  According to the indictment and evidence introduced at trial, shortly
after his wife filed for divorce in late 2007, Dr. Brandner collected millions
of dollars in marital assets and secretly drove from Tacoma, Washington, to
Costa Rica in Central America.  In Costa Rica, he opened two bank accounts into
which he deposited over $350,000 in cash and hid a thousand ounces of gold in a
safe deposit box.  He then traveled to Panama where he opened an account under
the name of a sham corporation and deposited $4.6 million into the account in
2008.

Dr. Brandner concealed both the existence of the bank accounts and the interest
income he earned on those accounts from the court in the divorce proceedings and
from the IRS.  Dr. Brandner owed the IRS $500,000 in additional taxes for the
2008 through the 2010 tax years.  In 2011, Dr. Brandner repatriated over $4.6
million once the divorce was final only to have the funds seized by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations (ICE HSI)
special agents.  He then lied to federal agents about his control of the funds.

In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Sharon Gleason in Anchorage
ordered Dr. Brandner to serve two years of supervised release, and pay
$25,922.95 toward the costs of prosecution.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Loeffler thanked
special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and HSI, who investigated the case
and Trial Attorney Ignacio Perez de la Cruz of the Tax Division and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Bryan Schroder of the District of Alaska, who jointly prosecuted
the case.

Additional information about the Tax Divisions enforcement efforts can be found
on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: North Carolina Seafood Distributor Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Jeffrey Wayne Scott, 48, of Wilmington, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to tax
evasion in Raleigh, North Carolina, the Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) announced today.  Scott was indicted on Nov. 25, 2013, for five
counts of personal income tax evasion and one count of filing a false corporate
tax return.  He pleaded guilty to one count of willfully attempting to evade his
personal income tax for tax year 2007.

According to court documents and court proceedings, Scott has owned and operated
Greenville Loop Seafood (GLS), a seafood distribution company located in
Wilmington, since 1995.  For tax years 2006 through 2010, Scott and his wife
filed joint individual income tax returns.  Scott provided his return preparer
with handwritten summaries of gross receipts and categorized expense items for
the wholesale and retail fish distribution businesses as well as tax documents
provided by financial institutions.  Scott, under penalty of perjury, reported
that his taxable income for these five years ranged between $23,934 and $92,999,
and paid only $91,800 in federal income taxes for this time period.  During
these five years, however, the Scotts spent far in excess of this reported
taxable income on personal expenditures.

According to court documents and court proceedings, between 2006 and 2010, the
Scotts paid for nearly all of their living expenses with checks from GLS.  This
included, among other things, utilities, insurance premiums, landscaping, home
improvements, school fees and a country club membership.  They also purchased
five vehicles totaling more than $200,000, a $100,000 boat and a $2.1 million
waterfront home.  Scott also made a monthly transfer of $10,000 from GLS'
business account into a personal brokerage account.  After the purchase of their
home in June 2009, Scott stopped transferring funds to the brokerage account,
but instead used funds from GLS' business account to pay the mortgage and
related expenses.  Through a bank deposit and expenditure analysis, the IRS
calculated that Scott failed to report taxable income for these five years in
excess of $1,151,642 and owed at least $390,678 in additional taxes.  For the
2007 tax year, Scott failed to report $328,754 in taxable income with an
additional tax due and owing of $113,967.

­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­According to court documents and court proceedings, when first
contacted by IRS-Criminal Investigation agents in June 2011, Scott falsely
stated that he was letting friends stay in his second home rent free.
Furthermore, despite being aware that he was under criminal investigation, in
November 2012, Scott filed a false 2011 GLS corporate income tax return claiming
the painting of his personal residence, repair work by a plumber at his personal
residence, and health bills related to his family dog as business expenses.

Chief U.S. District Judge James C. Dever III scheduled the sentencing for the
term of court to begin Aug. 18, 2014.  Scott faces a statutory maximum prison
term of five years and a maximum fine of $250,000.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan B. Menzer and Trial Attorney Todd A. Ellinwood of
the Justice Department's Tax Division are prosecuting the case.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                               December 18, 2008

Auto Racing;
Dixon Takes IndyCar Title; Other Development

SECTION: Pg. 930G1

LENGTH: 297 words


     ·    Castroneves Indicted for Tax Evasion


Scott Dixon of New Zealand September 7 clinched the Indy Racing League (IRL)
title when he placed second in the PEAK Antifreeze and Motor Oil 300 at
Chicagoland Speedway in Joliet, Illinois. Dixon, the winner of the prestigious
Indianapolis 500 in May, finished the race just 0.0033 of a second behind
Brazil's Helio Castroneves. However, the second-place finish earned Dixon 40
points in the drivers' standings, enough to secure first place over Castroneves.
Dixon, who drove a Honda for the Chip Ganassi Racing team, finished with 646
points, compared with 629 points for Castroneves and 513 for Brazil's Tony
Kanaan, the 2004 IRL champion. [See 2008 Auto Racing: Dixon Wins Indianapolis
500; 2007 Auto Racing: Franchitti Captures IndyCar Series Title]

The IRL and the Champ Car World Series had merged operations in February, and
agreed to use the IRL name. The final Champ Car race had been held April 20 in
Long Beach, California. The race, the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach, was won
by Australia's Will Power. The IRL season officially ended October 26 with the
Nikon Indy 300 in Surfers Paradise, Australia--a race that had long been on the
Champ Car circuit but was scheduled too late in the year to count toward the IRL
title. Ryan Briscoe of Australia beat Dixon by 0.5019 of a second to win the
race.

Castroneves Indicted for Tax Evasion

 Castroneves, a two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500, October 2 was indicted
in a Miami, Florida, court on charges of tax evasion and tax fraud. Castroneves,
33, was charged with failing to report $5.5 million in income to the Internal
Revenue Service between 1999 and 2004. He was accused of using offshore accounts
to hide the money. [See 2002 Sports: Castroneves Wins 2nd Straight Indy 500]

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Facts on File, Inc.


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2016 Monday

Washington: Alaska Plastic Surgeon Sentenced to Prison for Wire Fraud and Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 An Anchorage, Alaska, plastic surgeon was sentenced to 48 months in prison on
Friday for wire fraud and tax evasion, announced Acting Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Karen L. Loeffler of the District of Alaska.





 "Tax evasion knows no geographic bounds," said Acting Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "This case demonstrates that there is no longer any country
where it is safe for a defendant like Dr. Brandner to hide money from the
government.  The Department of Justice, along with its law enforcement partners,
will continue to aggressively pursue individuals who conceal assets and income
abroad in an effort to evade their responsibilities under our nation's tax
laws."



 Dr. Michael D. Brandner, 67, was convicted by a federal jury in November 2015
of four counts of wire fraud and three counts of tax evasion.  The charges arose
from a scheme to conceal over $5 million of assets in secret bank accounts in
Panama and Costa Rica from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Dr. Brandner's
wife.  According to the indictment and evidence introduced at trial, shortly
after his wife filed for divorce in late 2007, Dr. Brandner collected millions
of dollars in marital assets and secretly drove from Tacoma, Washington, to
Costa Rica in Central America.  In Costa Rica, he opened two bank accounts into
which he deposited over $350,000 in cash and hid a thousand ounces of gold in a
safe deposit box.  He then traveled to Panama where he opened an account under
the name of a sham corporation and deposited $4.6 million into the account in
2008.



 Dr. Brandner concealed both the existence of the bank accounts and the interest
income he earned on those accounts from the court in the divorce proceedings and
from the IRS.  Dr. Brandner owed the IRS $500,000 in additional taxes for the
2008 through the 2010 tax years.  In 2011, Dr. Brandner repatriated over $4.6
million once the divorce was final only to have the funds seized by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations (ICE HSI)
special agents.  He then lied to federal agents about his control of the funds.



 In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Sharon Gleason in Anchorage
ordered Dr. Brandner to serve two years of supervised release, and pay
$25,922.95 toward the costs of prosecution.



 Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Loeffler thanked
special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and HSI, who investigated the case
and Trial Attorney Ignacio Perez de la Cruz of the Tax Division and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Bryan Schroder of the District of Alaska, who jointly prosecuted
the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 7, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tyco Ex-Chief Is Said to Face Wider Inquiry Into Finances

BYLINE:  By ALEX BERENSON and WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 529 words


The investigation of L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former chief executive of Tyco
International, by Manhattan prosecutors has widened to include whether Tyco
owned or paid for the upkeep of homes Mr. Kozlowski used in Florida, lawyers
close to the inquiry said yesterday.

As prosecutors investigate whether Mr. Kozlowski used company money for personal
expenses, they are turning up a web of transactions that must be examined
further, these people said. These include Mr. Kozlowski's use of company loans
and money to buy artwork, and company money to buy his apartment in New York and
possibly one of his homes in Florida.

The inquiry, which parallels a similar internal inquiry by Tyco, is at a
preliminary stage, these people said. Prosecutors could decide not to file any
new charges against Mr. Kozlowski, who was indicted on Tuesday on charges of
sales tax evasion. That indictment, and a broader inquiry into sales tax evasion
by art dealers in New York, remains the focus of the inquiry, an investigator in
the Manhattan district attorney's office said.

But if prosecutors ultimately decide that Tyco was paying for Mr. Kozlowski's
personal expenses and he was not declaring those payments as income, he could
face charges of income tax evasion.

A person close to Tyco's board confirmed that Tyco had paid for the 13-room
apartment at 950 Fifth Avenue that Mr. Kozlowski bought in 2000.

The apartment, which cost $18.5 million, was kept in Mr. Kozlowski's name to
comply with the rules of the building's co-op board, this person said. But it
was carried on Tyco's books as an asset.

The person said that the cost of the apartment raised the question of whether it
was a reasonable business expense for Tyco or another way the company had
compensated Mr. Kozlowski. Tyco can buy assets for Mr. Kozlowski, but if it does
not have a business reason for buying them, he has to pay income tax.

Similar questions surround a house in Boca Raton, Fla., the investigator said.
Records show that house was bought by a Tyco vice president.

"If Tyco is purchasing it for other executives to use on a periodic basis,
that's one thing," the investigator said. "It's another thing if he just uses
Tyco's money to buy another house."

The investigator said prosecutors were watching Tyco's investigation closely to
see what it turned up. "The reality is the board wasn't really functioning the
way they should," the investigator said. "They approved a lot of stuff. Now,
having gone though this trauma, the company says it's conducting an internal
investigation and one wonders how thorough it will be."

Mr. Kozlowski's lawyer, Stephen E. Kaufman, declined to comment. Mr. Kozlowski
could not be reached for comment.

Tyco's shares plunged yesterday as investors became increasingly worried that
the company would not be able to complete its planned initial public offering of
the CIT Group, its financial arm.

At midday, a rumor swept through hedge funds that Goldman Sachs had quit as an
adviser and underwriter to Tyco on the CIT sale. A spokeswoman for Goldman said
the company had not resigned.

Shares of Tyco fell $2.70, or 15.6 percent, to $14.60, their lowest level in
five years.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              March 8, 2013 Friday

Tax Evasion With Style

BYLINE: Design Intervention / Gregory J. Scott, Aia

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Architecture and tax collectors historically have enjoyed an interesting game of
hide-and-seek. While climate, access to materials and cultural traditions are
the usual ingredients shaping our built environment, taxation also has played a
fascinating role.

The desire to avoid the tax collector and his assessment on private and public
property most likely dates back to the beginning of currency. Through the years,
assessments have been levied against the number of floors, the building's
footprint and the number of windows, closets, rooms, hallways, wallpaper,
hearths, chimneys, doors and even street frontage. The creative evasion
techniques employed by property owners led to some of our most revered and
memorable architectural styles.

In 1696, King William III levied a window tax to help offset British debt
incurred from years of warring and rebellion. The unpopular tax, based on the
number of windows in a residence, lasted until 1851. In an effort to evade the
tax, homeowners would block up their windows, leaving only the ghost of the
past.

Rooflines are perhaps a more recognizable expression of tax evasion, beginning
with the distinctive French mansard roof popular for 300 years. The nearly
vertical slope of the roof accommodated living quarters behind it, without the
taxation of an additional floor. The gambrel roof, not dissimilar to the mansard
roof, masks a complete second story of living, providing tax protection from the
1798 Federal Direct Tax law with its classification of a one-story building.

Similarly, the New England colonial saltbox offers a house design with two
distinct facades. The roof descends from a two-story height to a single-story
façade, rendering it exempt from Queen Anne's taxation of homes greater than one
story.

Taxation also was levied on the footprint of a building: The greater the floor
area resting on the ground, the higher the tax. The creative loophole developed
in response to this tax was to construct a home with the upper floors
cantilevering over the floors below, creating an upside-down floor plan. Popular
in medieval Great Britain and France, the design provided shelter to pedestrians
below - perhaps the first "tax shelter?"

Street frontage also was a target for taxation. The more street frontage, the
greater the tax. The evasion technique was to position traditional homes
perpendicular to the street, minimizing street-front exposure.

The 18th-century Georgian residences of Charleston, S.C., are wonderful examples
of tax evasion with style. Elements lost to the street were found on the grand,
open-air porches fronting private gardens. The narrow street facades result in a
very walkable city, with unique character and charm.

Hearths, chimneys and bricks also were subjected to taxation at various times.
Counting hearths required home intrusion by the tax collector; counting chimneys
did not. Colonists soon discovered that building fireplaces back-to-back and
creating a single flue would reduce taxes.

Finally, buildings can often be dated by the size of the brick; the smaller the
brick, the older the building. Brick taxes, levied by King George III in 1784,
were based on the number of bricks in a building, not the size of the brick.

Do taxes invite creativity? The answer would seem to be a resounding yes, at
least when it relates to architecture.

nAuthor's note - Thank you to one of our savvy readers who alerted the author to
an error in last month's article. Although there are numerous documented and
undocumented claims relating to the many locations in which George Washington
rested his weary head, the White House is one place he never slept. It has been
the residence of every United States President since John Adams, Washington's
vice president and presidential successor, took up residence in 1800.

This column is contributed by Gregory J. Scott, a local architect with 35 years
of national experience in innovation and design. Email GScott@rlps.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chimneys Of Great Britain, Right.
Examples Of Limiting Taxes Through Architecture Include, Above, A Mansard Roof
On North Duke Street; In Norway, Left, A Row Of Cantilevered Living Spaces; And,
Below, A Window In The Sehner-Ellicott -Von Hess House On Prince Street.
Gregg Scott Photos Rock Ford, Which Was Gen. Edward Hand's Home, Has Two Visible
Chimneys, But There Are Eight Fireplaces.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday

Chuy's restaurant owners suspected of illegal hiring, tax evasion

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


April 20--A Tempe woman and the owners many restaurants in a popular chain with
outlets in Arizona and California have been indicted on suspicion of hiring
illegal immigrants and tax evasion.

Federal agents raided 15 Chuy's Mesquite Broiler restaurants on Wednesday in
both states and served 20 search warrants.

Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokesman Vincent Picard says they detained
about 40 suspected illegal immigrants who were working at the restaurants.
Chuy's has six restaurants throughout the Valley including two in Tempe, one in
Mesa and one in Chandler.

Mark Evenson of Paradise Valley and his son, Christopher Evenson, 39, of Oro
Valley near Tucson, co-own 20 restaurants. They and Diane Strehlow, 47, of
Tempe, a company accountant, were arrested on a 19-count indictment that
includes charges of unlawful hiring and harboring of illegal aliens, conspiracy
to defraud the IRS and tax evasion.

The three are accused of hiring illegal immigrants for the company's kitchen
operations and paying them under the table. When Mark Evenson received a
complaint about illegal immigrants working at one of his restaurants in Lake
Havasu City, he allegedly told an employee that "throwing some American people
in there" might stop the complaints, according to information from ICE.

The indictment states that sometime before January 2008, the Evensons and
Strehlow began filing fraudulent tax forms with the IRS and did so every three
months until January 2010.

In what Picard described as a "complex criminal investigation into a
conspiracy," the restaurant underreported and failed to pay at least $400,000 in
Social Security and Medicare taxes throughout the course of the crimes,
according to ICE.

Through a public relations firm, the restaurant chain issued a statement
Wednesday distancing itself from the accused. "Chuy's Mesquite Broiler
Restaurants are owned by a number of individuals, not just Mark and Chris
Evenson. While we are deeply disturbed by the alleged actions, they do not
represent the values and ideals of the Chuy's Mesquite Broiler Restaurants, the
other independent owners or our employees."

The Evensons and Strehlow are scheduled to make initial appearances Friday in
U.S. District Court in Tucson, according to information from the Arizona
Attorney General's Office, which is prosecuting the case.

If convicted of all charges, Mark Evenson faces up to 86 years in prison and a
$5.33 million fine and Christopher Evenson faces up to 81 years in prison and a
$5.08 million fine.

Strehlow faces a maximum prison term of 40 years and a $2 million fine.

--Contact writer: (480) 898-6533 or msakal@evtrib.com

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110420-MZ-Chuy-s-restaurant-owners-suspected-of-illegal-hiring-
tax-evasion-0420-20110420

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2011 East Valley Tribune


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 3, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Federal Charges Against Flakes May Be Voided

BYLINE: By M. A. FARBER

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 302 words


Federal prosecutors will move today to drop all charges against Margarett Flake
and are deciding whether to continue the case against her husband,
Representative Floyd H. Flake, people close to the prosecution said.

The United States Attorney in Brooklyn, Andrew J. Maloney, whose office brought
the tax evasion and embezzlement case, declined to say what the Government's
position would be at a hearing scheduled by Federal Judge Eugene H. Nickerson in
Brooklyn this morning. The judge substantially narrowed the Government's case
against the Flakes on Monday, leading defense lawyers to say the case was
"gutted."

People close to the prosecution in the trial said a decision had been made to
ask the judge to throw out the charges against Mrs. Flake. The sources said
prosecutors were weighing several options with regard to Mr. Flake, who is
pastor of the Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church in Jamaica, Queens.

Several Options

One option is to abandon all charges against the Congressman. Another is to
press on with a limited tax evasion case against him. A third is to ask a
Federal appeals court to reverse Judge Nickerson's restrictive rulings.

Judge Nickerson ruled on Monday that the prosecution could not present to the
jury evidence that the Flakes had evaded taxes on $177,578 of the $228,128
claimed by the Government. the much reduced tax evasion counts.

Mr. Flake and his wife were indicted on conspiracy, embezzling, tax evasion and
filing false official statements. The Government says they evaded taxes on
$228,000, with most of it deposited in a ministerial expenses fund. The Flakes
have denied any wrongdoing.

Yesterday morning, at a hearing in which he reaffirmed the rulings made Monday,
Judge Nickerson said they were as broad as prosecutors feared.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 2, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Ex-attorney sentenced to prison in tax evasion

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 280 words


A once-prominent former Missouri attorney was sentenced to 46 months in federal
prison, in part for tax evasion connected to a failed project to aid Oklahoma
City bombing victims.

Charles E. Polk Jr., 45, was sentenced Thursday in St. Louis. He pleaded guilty
in April to tax evasion and the interstate transport of stolen funds.

Polk admitted he evaded taxes on 2002 income that included $382,000 given to him
for the Oklahoma City project.

Polk was behind a venture to seek government compensation for Oklahoma City
bombing victims comparable to the millions of dollars given to the families of
9/11 victims.

He promised to lobby Congress or file a class-action lawsuit for a cut of any
awards. The project fell apart amid negative publicity, lawsuits and an ethics
complaint.

An investor, Illinois newspaper publisher James Helenthal, put $382,000 into the
project, but Polk instead paid personal bills with the money, records show.

"We absolutely mentioned it at sentencing that this was pretty awful," said the
prosecutor, Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Reap. "He got the money and he
didn't do anything."

On the fraud count, Polk admitted to bilking a client, the Metropolitan St.
Louis Sewer District, out of $45,190 in 2000.

In court, the prosecutor described other times Polk allegedly cheated clients,
including a church. Polk apologized.

U.S. District Judge Stephen N. Limbaugh chose the punishment. He ordered Polk to
pay his back taxes, plus $178,623 in restitution to the sewer district and
$382,000 to Helenthal.

Prosecutors allege Polk owes more than $500,000 in taxes.

Polk has given up his law license, according to news accounts.

Contributing: The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: The Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Indiana Lawyer

                                August 17, 2011

'Notario' commits UPL, tax evasion

LENGTH: 327 words


'Notario' commits UPL, tax evasion A Marion Superior judge has sentenced an
Indianapolis woman who offered ille gal immigration services without a law
license and evaded paying her income taxes through that business.

The Indiana attor ney general's office filed a criminal tax evasion case against
M. Esther Barber, also known as Maria Esther Tapia Cuevas, who was doing
business as Asociacion Civica Mexicana De Indiana Inc. on Shelby Street in
Indianapolis. The non-attorney advertised herself to the Spanish-speaking
community as a "notario" who can assist with immigration legal issues despite
not having a law license.

While the criminal tax evasion case was separate from a civil Unauthorized
Practice of Law action the AG filed in March against Barber, both share the fact
that she advertised herself to the Spanishspeaking community as someone who can
assist with immigration issues and since 2006 she had allegedly done similar
selection, preparation, and completion of U.S. Citizen and Immigration Services
immigration forms for a fee. The suit against her mirrored one against another
non-lawyer in Fort Wayne, which remains pending in Allen County.

On July 25, Barber pleaded guilty to criminal charges for her actions as a
"notario" and received a one-year probation sentence for two Class D felony
counts of income tax evasion and the Class B misdemeanor of the UPL. She must
perform 40 hours of community service, and she agrees she will no longer do any
sort of immigration work, according to AG spokesman Bryan Corbin. Barber made a
full allocution in open court that her actions were wrong and harmed people and
weren't just a mere technical violation of the law. If she stays out of trouble
for six months, Barber can seek to have her felony record converted to
misdemeanors.

After the sentencing, the AG's office served Barber with a civil tax assessment
notice stating that she owes the Indiana Department of Revenue $58,194.

- Michael W. Hoskins

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                         Copyright 2011 IBJ Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Funeral director Al Hughes, tax evasion trial set

BYLINE: Terrie Morgan-Besecker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 271 words


Jan. 24--A Scranton funeral director will go to trial March 20 for tax evasion
charges, a federal judge ordered Monday.

A federal grand jury indicted Al T. Hughes on five counts of tax evasion last
week. Prosecutors say he diverted about $1.25 million in customer payments for
services at several funeral homes with which he is associated to his personal
account, but failed to report that income.

Dawn Mayko, spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney's office, said she could not
comment on why Mr. Hughes also was not charged with theft. It appears that
portion of the investigation would not fall under federal jurisdiction, however,
said Al Flora Jr., former chief public defender for Luzerne County.

Federal authorities are authorized to file theft charges only if the crime
involves interstate commerce, Mr. Flora said. That means the money involved
would have to cross state lines. Crimes typically covered under the statute
include mail fraud, wire fraud or money laundering.

In Mr. Hughes' case, he is accused of pilfering money from four Scranton funeral
homes he jointly operates with another person.

Mr. Flora said local police would investigate theft charges, if they are

warranted.

Lackawanna County District Attorney Shane Scanlon said his office has not
received a complaint regarding the matter.

"It's been a federal investigation. If they were to forward information to us,
we'd look into it," he said.

Contact the writer:

tbesecker@timesshamrock.com, @tmbeseckerTT on Twitter

___ (c)2017 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170124-YT-Funeral-director-Al-Hughes-tax-evasion
-trial-set-0124-20170124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2017 The Times-Tribune


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

Sandwich doctor guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Robert Gold, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


Aug. 24--A Sandwich pediatrician pleaded guilty in federal court on Tuesday to
tax evasion and other related charges.

Torrey A. Toltin has not filed any federal income tax returns since 2001,
according to court records.

Toltin entered guilty pleas in U.S. District Court in Boston to tax evasion,
willful failure to file tax returns and interference with the administration of
Internal Revenue laws according to court records.

Toltin faces sentencing on Nov. 29. A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney's office
in Boston could not confirm by press time the maximum penalties Toltin faces at
his sentencing.

Toltin's Boston-based attorney, Paul J. Dee Jr., did not return messages seeking
comment on Tuesday.

Toltin made $694,000 between 2003 and 2008 while owning and operating Sandwich
Pediatrics with his wife, according to the federal indictment.

Each year, the indictment alleges, he filed federal income tax extensions that
"substantially understated" his tax liability. He didn't make any payment with
his income tax extension for the 2004 tax year, according to the indictment, and
in the other years he made payments "substantially lower" than what he was
supposed to pay.

The indictment states Toltin started depositing business receipts under his
adult daughter's name instead of his own in October, 2007. In June, 2009, he
reportedly made false statements to Internal Revenue Service agents "that he
believed he filed federal income tax returns " for the years 2001 through 2004,
according to the indictment.

Toltin, according to the state Board of Registration in Medicine, has had no
criminal convictions in the past 10 years, nor has he been disciplined by the
board in that time.

___ (c)2011 Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit Cape Cod Times (Hyannis,
Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110824-CA-Sandwich-doctor-guilty-of-tax-evasion-0824-20110824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2011 Cape Code Times


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2010 Wednesday

BRIEF: Dracut brothers indicted on charges of tax evasion, conspiracy

BYLINE: Robert Mills, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 261 words


Mar. 31--BOSTON -- A pair of Dracut brothers were indicted for tax evasion and
conspiracy Wednesday after prosecutors say they tried to hide about $2 million
of income from an excavation business they ran until 2006.

Prosecutors say Paul Brown and Raymond Brown, both 44, were indicted along with
Deborah Brown, 38, of Dracut, the wife of one of the men, because they allegedly
failed to file personal income-tax returns or pay taxes on the almost $2 million
in income they made from J.P. Brown & Sons excavating between 1999 and 2006.

The brothers, with help from Deborah Brown, tried to hide the income by placing
assets in the names of their wives, taking cash and gold coins from the company,
and accepting property in exchange for work done by the company, U.S. Attorney
Carmen Ortiz alleged in a press release.

If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and $250,000 in fines for tax
evasion.

Paul Brown and Raymond Brown face up to five years in prison and a $100,000 fine
if convicted of tax evasion. They, along with Deborah Brown, face up to 3 years
in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted of conspiracy. Deborah Brown is
charged only with conspiracy.

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100331-LZ-BRF-Dracut-brothers-indicted-on-charges-of-tax-evasion
-conspiracy-0331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 10, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Survivor's Hatch indicted for $1 million tax evasion

BYLINE: The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CULTURE; Pg. E7

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: PROVIDENCE, R.I.


PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Richard Hatch, the former Survivor winner currently taking
part in Bravo's Battle of the Network Reality Stars, has another, rather more
serious battle on his hands.

On Thursday, a federal grand jury indicted Hatch for tax evasion, filing a false
return and several fraud charges. The 10-count indictment stems from IRS returns
he filed for 2000, the year he became Survivor's first winner, and 2001.

Hatch was initially charged with two counts of tax evasion in January and agreed
to plead guilty. He withdrew his plea in March, which prompted the U.S.
Attorney's office in Providence to open a grand-jury case against him that
resulted in Thursday's indictment.

Prosecutors allege he failed to report his $1 million US Survivor winnings in
the 2000 return, instead claiming income of just over $41,000 for the year --
and saying he was owed a refund of close to $4,500. The indictment also says an
accounting firm prepared a return showing that Hatch would owe the IRS $441,501
with his Survivor winnings and income from a rental property. He told his
accountants he would file the return, but never did.

The indictment (a copy of which is on TheSmokingGun.com) also charges that in
2001, Hatch failed to report more than $300,000 in income he earned as co-host
of a radio show in Boston, as well as the $27,000 value of a car he won on
Survivor and received in February 2001. It also alleges that Hatch used money
from other TV appearances (including one on NBC's Weakest Link) that was
intended for a charity called Horizon Bound for his own purposes.

Hatch has said that he believed CBS was responsible for paying the taxes on his
Survivor winnings, a claim the network disputes. The 10 charges carry a maximum
sentence of 75 years in prison and more than $1 million in fines.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Richard Hatch

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Lawyer gets prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: Felicia Krieg, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Nov. 22--SYRACUSE -- A New York City lawyer who also practiced in the North
Country was sentenced to 18 months in prison Friday after pleading guilty in
April to a felony charge relating to tax evasion.

The specific charges to which Stanley L. Cohen admitted are corruptly
obstructing and impeding the Internal Revenue Service, a felony, and failure to
file tax returns, a misdemeanor.

MUST PAY BACK TAXES

A 12-month term of incarceration for Cohen's failure to file tax returns will
run concurrent to the 18-month sentence for his felony plea, as per Senior U.S.
District Court Judge Norman Mordue's sentence, according to a news release from
the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of New York.

As part of his sentence, Cohen will serve a one-year term of supervised release
when his prison time is completed.

He was also ordered to pay all taxes he owes the government between 2005 and
2011.

"He has agreed to waive any appeal and collateral attack of his conviction," the
U.S. Attorney's Office said.

Cohen will report to the U.S. Marshals Jan. 6 to begin serving his sentence.

Cohen represented Ronald R. Trombly who admitted his guilt in the death of
jogger Ashley A. Poissant in October, resolving a case that went to grand jury
twice with the second trial about to start after the court declared the first
proceeding a mistrial.

'LENGTHY INVESTIGATION'

Cohen was charged after the IRS conducted a "lengthy investigation" that found
he did not file federal or state tax returns from 2005 to 2010.

"He would only file an extension to file his return and make a modest payment
toward taxes owed during those years, but never followed through with a final
tax return," the release said.

At the time of Cohen's guilty plea in April, the IRS said that in the 2004 tax
year, the last that Cohen filed a tax return, he claimed a gross income of
$289,000 when his deposits were more than $426,000, the U.S. Attorney's Office
said.

Between 2004 and 2010, he deposited more than $1,753,000 in cash.

"Many of these deposits were made in amounts under $10,000, thus avoiding the
filing of currency transaction reports required under the law."

WIRE TRANSFERS

Investigators found Cohen would would cause wire transfers of cash to be made
from clients, many of whom were on the St. Regis Mohawk Reservation.

The wire transfers were for more than $643,000 and were made through Money Gram
between October 2004 and December 2008 from Speedway Convenience Store on the
reservation.

Authorities searched Cohen's law office in New York City and his law office at a
home he had in Jeffersonville, N.Y., a small village between Binghamton and
Newburgh.

"Investigators found that essentially he kept no financial records regarding
receipts of fees from clients," the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

From 2005 to 2010, Cohen failed to file 1099 and W2 forms for a law office
assistant who was working for Cohen those years.

A search warrant was also executed on a safe deposit box Cohen had at a small
bank in Jeffersonville.

The box contained $50,000 in cash. An additional $15,000 in U.S. currency and
$18,000 in Canadian currency was found in a wall safe in his home.

The case was investigated by the IRS, Syracuse Criminal Investigation Section,
the Drug Enforcement Administration and the State Police.

Assistant United States attorneys Stephen Green and John Duncan prosecuted the
case.

Email Felicia Krieg:

fkrieg@pressrepublican.com

Twitter: @FeliciaKrieg

___ (c)2014 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141122-ZI-Lawyer-gets-prison-for-tax-evasion-1122-20141122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2014 The Press-Republican


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Sevenson executives indicted on charges of tax fraud and tax evasion

BYLINE: Rick Pfeiffer, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


March 23--BUFFALO -- Seven top executives of Niagara Falls-based Sevenson
Environment Services have been indicted by a federal grand  jury on tax fraud
and tax evasions charges.

The original indictment in the case was filed, under seal, last May. A
superseding indictment was unsealed and made public Wednesday.

None of the individuals named in the indictment have been arraigned yet.

The 25-page filing in U.S. District Court in Buffalo names Sevenson President
and CEO Michael Elia, and company Vice Presidents   Laurence Elia, Richard Elia,
Philip DeLuca, Alfred LaGreca and Frank Fracassi as defendants. They are charged
with conspiracy,   filing false tax returns and aiding in the preparation of
false tax returns.

The grand jury investigation began in November 2010 and the indictment claims
the tax fraud scheme started in the late 1990s   and continued until around
April 2007.

Prosecutors charge that the top Sevenson execs conspired to give up to 23
company employees "bonus compensation" that was   not reported to the Internal
Revenue Service. The compensation, which was reportedly referred to inside the
company as "Spanky Bucks" allowed some employees to receive goods and services
instead of actual monetary bonuses.

The goods and services were paid for by the corporation but their value was not
reported, as required, to the IRS. The corporation   also deducted the costs of
the goods and services as non-payroll business expenses on its corporate tax
return.

Lawyers from the U.S. Department of Justice Tax Division in Washington, D.C.,
claim that during the course of the tax fraud   scheme Sevenson awarded
approximately $1 million in unreported, non-cash bonuses. The scam reportedly
cost the IRS Almost   $311,000 in unpaid taxes.

Among the items Sevenson paid for in place of cash bonuses were lavish vacation
trips and home improvements for employees.   The indictment also charges that
employees created fake invoices to hide what the company was actually paying
for.

In one case, an employee was told to fabricate a letter from a travel company
indicating his $11,280 travel expenses were   for a seminar and conference in
Los Angeles. Prosecutors say the trip was a personal vacation for the employee.

___ (c)2012 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120323-NF-Sevenson-executives-indicted-on-charges-of-tax-fraud-and-
tax-evasion-0323-20120323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2012 Niagara Gazette


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: Former Miami-Dade County Employee Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A Coral Gables, Florida, resident and former employee of the General Services
Administration (GSA) of Miami-Dade County was sentenced to serve 51 months in
prison for tax evasion to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay $556,254 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury, the Justice
Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today.

On Oct. 15, 2014, Jesus Pons pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion in the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.  According to the
court documents, Pons was a computer services manager at the GSA of Miami-Dade
County.  He was responsible for managing and allocating resources to information
technology projects for the county.  Court filings also establish that he was
responsible for supervising and managing tasks performed by county vendors.
From 2007 to 2011, Pons received money in the form of illegal kickback payments
from two county vendors, Data Industries and Paradyne Consulting Services.  In
exchange for these illegal kickbacks, Pons approved payments from Miami-Dade
County to the vendors for consulting work that was never performed.  According
to the plea agreement, Pons did not report the illegal kickbacks on his tax
returns.  From 2007 through 2011, Pons earned $1,666,998 in income from the
scheme that he did not report to the IRS, causing $556,254 in tax loss.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation.  The
case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jeffrey A. McLellan and Erin Pulice of
the Justice Department's Tax Division.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Chiropractor pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: JUDY HARRISON OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B8

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


A local chiropractor pleaded guilty Monday in U.S. District Court to tax evasion
one week before his jury trial was scheduled to begin.

Dr. Richard J. Thomas, 64, who operates the Thomas Wellness Center on Stillwater
Avenue, was indicted more than three years ago on six counts - one for each year
- of tax evasion between 1995 and 2001.

In a plea agreement with prosecutors, Thomas admitted Monday to evading paying
federal income taxes in 2001. The counts covering the previous years are
expected to be dropped after the chiropractor is sentenced.

Thomas also agreed to waive his right to appeal the sentence if it does not
exceed 18 months.

The chiropractor could be ordered to pay back taxes for all six years. Assistant
U.S. Attorney James McCarthy estimated Monday that Thomas owed between $200,000
and $400,000 in back taxes.

Thomas is free to dispute that figure at his sentencing hearing, U.S. District
Court Judge John Woodcock told him Monday.

A sentencing date has not been set. He remains free on personal recognizance
bail.

In pleading guilty, Thomas conceded that the government would be able to prove
he did not have a "good faith basis" for refusing to file federal tax returns or
pay taxes. In addition, the chiropractor admitted using a number of deceptive
techniques to attempt to dupe the government, according to court documents.

Among them was establishing in August 2001 a Nevada corporation called Three
Crows to hide assets, Thomas admitted Monday. He got a credit card and deposited
business receipts under its name.

Thomas also transferred real estate and registered a boat he had bought with
cash under the names of two separate trusts, according to court documents. He
also allegedly used cashier's checks to conceal personal expenses and withdrew
large sums of cash from his bank accounts to misrepresent his income and assets,
McCarthy told Woodcock on Monday.

Virginia Villa, the federal public defender based in Bangor, has represented
Thomas since May, according to court documents. Thomas, however, represented
himself before he was indicted by a federal grand jury in January 2006.

Acting as his own attorney before that, Thomas sought in 2002 to quash demands
by the Internal Revenue Service for financial information from banks, credit
card companies and other financial institutions he had done business with.
Thomas lost that case two years later after he appealed it himself to the 1st
Circuit Court of Appeals in Boston.

The chiropractor is not facing similar charges in state court, according to the
Maine Attorney General's Office that is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting cases of evading the payment of state income taxes.

jharrison@bangordailynews.net

990-8207

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 24, 2001, Tuesday

WISEGUY GUILTY OF TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By MICHELE McPHEE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 368 words

Accused Gambino loanshark Joseph Watts was found guilty of tax evasion
yesterday, but the jury deadlocked on charges that he laundered $2 million in
illegal loansharking loot.

Jurors in Brooklyn Federal Court announced they were "hopelessly deadlocked" on
two counts of money laundering that could have put Watts, 60, behind bars for 45
years.

The white-haired wiseguy was accused of funneling illegal earnings into a posh
Florida waterfront estate prosecutors said he secretly owned.

But after a five-week trial and just two full days of deliberations, the
anonymous jury told Judge David Trager that further discussion would be
"fruitless."

Watts hugged his attorneys and grinned at family members after the judge
declared a mistrial on two counts of money laundering.

The tax evasion conviction carries a maximum penalty of five years behind bars.

Watts was indicted in January, just days before he was to be released after
serving six years on a federal murder-conspiracy conviction.

"The prosecutors were not able to prove the more serious charges," defense
attorney Gerald Shargel said yesterday. "The prosecution cannot be happy with
this verdict, and if they're not happy, I'm happy."

But Assistant U.S. Attorneys Dan Dorsky and Andy Genser applauded the verdict as
a victory against tax cheats, and vowed to retry the money-laundering case.

"We're gratified that the jury saw through the smoke and mirrors of the defense
and perceived Mr. Watts' deceitful scheme for what it was," Genser said.

Prosecutors said Watts funneled more than $2 million in loansharking loot into a
mansion along Florida's Gulf Coast that was kept in the name of his pal, Staten
Island businessman Jack Pietruszka.

Watts' alleged illicit income came from a $30,000-a-week loanshark racket
allegedly awarded to him by crime boss John Gotti for his role in the 1985 hit
on Gambino boss Paul Castellano, prosecutors said.

The slaying of Castellano outside Sparks Steak House in midtown propelled Gotti
to the top of New York's mob hierarchy.

Prosecutors said Watts was "accorded the respect of a captain in the Gambino
family" after he acted as a backup shooter at the Castellano rubout.


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Joseph Watts

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Former Miami-Dade County Employee Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A Coral Gables, Florida, resident and former employee of the General Services
Administration (GSA) of Miami-Dade County was sentenced to serve 51 months in
prison for tax evasion to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay $556,254 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury, the Justice
Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today.

On Oct. 15, 2014, Jesus Pons pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion in the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.  According to the
court documents, Pons was a computer services manager at the GSA of Miami-Dade
County.  He was responsible for managing and allocating resources to information
technology projects for the county.  Court filings also establish that he was
responsible for supervising and managing tasks performed by county vendors.
From 2007 to 2011, Pons received money in the form of illegal kickback payments
from two county vendors, Data Industries and Paradyne Consulting Services.  In
exchange for these illegal kickbacks, Pons approved payments from Miami-Dade
County to the vendors for consulting work that was never performed.  According
to the plea agreement, Pons did not report the illegal kickbacks on his tax
returns.  From 2007 through 2011, Pons earned $1,666,998 in income from the
scheme that he did not report to the IRS, causing $556,254 in tax loss.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            December 25, 2011 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; ALLEGHENY COUNTY/EAST/NORTH/SOUTH/WEST; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 602 words


ALLEGHENY COUNTY

Holiday closings here to end after Monday

All City of Pittsburgh, Allegheny County, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and
federal offices and courts will be closed Monday for the Christmas Day holiday.
Traditional banks and liquor stores will be closed; however, Citizens Bank
branches located in Giant Eagle markets will be open from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.

Post offices will be closed, with no pickup or delivery of regular mail. The
Port Authority of Allegheny County will run regular bus service, T and incline
service and the customer service line (412-442-2000 or the TTY number,
412-231-7007) will operate normally, from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m., but the Downtown
Service Center will be closed. Garbage pickup will be delayed one day.

EAST

Oakmont man indicted for tax evasion, money laundering

An Oakmont man who has had interests in several area businesses was indicted
Tuesday on charges of tax evasion, bankruptcy fraud and money laundering.

Louis Lamanna, 45, has been involved with Bentley Construction Co., L&S
Landscaping, and the car wash Rub a Dub Dub. He filed for bankruptcy in 2010,
and was charged initially with tax evasion in March, when he was accused of
trying to spend $2 million while owing the Internal Revenue Service for 2006 and
2007. He was scheduled to plead guilty late that month, but changed his mind.

The new federal grand jury indictment said that Mr. Lamanna spent $1 million in
unspecified ways while owing back taxes, "thereby placing the funds beyond the
normal reach of the collection process."

It also accuses him of transferring assets to another person to hide them from
creditors in bankruptcy court, and hiding a car and money.

NORTH

Indiana Township husband arrested after wife is stabbed

Police have arrested a man suspected of stabbing his wife multiple times in an
Indiana Township home Friday.

Winston Parrish, 25, was arrested at 4:45 a.m. Saturday by Frazer police.
Allegheny County police said they planned to charge him with attempted homicide,
aggravated assault and recklessly endangering another person.

The investigation began at about 4:30 p.m. Friday, when officers received a call
for a stabbing at 11 Greene Drive. The victim, whose name has not been released,
was in critical condition at a local hospital late Friday.

SOUTH

X-ray technician charged with fraud

A federal indictment against an X-ray technician was unsealed Monday, revealing
that he is accused of bilking two insurers out of $550,077 by billing for
services that never occurred.

Randall F. Guzik, 46, of Monongahela faces a felony charge of healthcare fraud
for bills submitted to Highmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield and to Anthem Blue
Cross and Blue Shield, of Ohio and Kentucky. The bills were submitted from 2007
through May of this year, according to the indictment, brought by U.S. Attorney
David J. Hickton's office.

Mr. Guzik's "dates of the services were fabricated, the services were not
provided in the locations represented on the billings, and the health care
providers listed on the billings did not perform the services," Mr. Hickton's
office said in a press release.

Mr. Guzik was arraigned Tuesday by U.S. Magistrate Judge Maureen P. Kelly,
pleaded not guilty and was released pending trial.

WEST

Man held in fatal shooting at tavern in Beaver Falls

Police have charged a man in a shooting death in a Beaver Falls bar early on
Christmas Eve.

Lamont North, 31, of Beaver Falls, is accused of killing 20-year-old Mark
Waldron in Michael's bar.

Mr. North, who turned himself in to police after the 2:15 a.m. Saturday
shooting, is charged with homicide and recklessly endangering another person.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 13, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Tax Evasion Is Charged In Operation Of Nightclubs

BYLINE: By JOHN SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 644 words


Peter Gatien, the former king of the New York nightclub scene, faced deepening
legal problems yesterday as state prosecutors announced his arrest on tax
evasion charges.

Mr. Gatien is part owner of three of New York's best known nightclubs -- the
Tunnel, the Palladium and the Limelight. During the 1980's and early 1990's, the
three set the tone for much of New York's late-night scene, and brought in
millions of dollars for their owners.

Already the subject of a Federal drug indictment that could cost him his
nightclubs and send him to prison for 20 years, Mr. Gatien was charged by
Manhattan prosecutors with conducting an extensive tax evasion scheme. District
Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau said that Mr. Gatien, his wife, and his
corporation cheated the state and city out of more than $1.3 million in taxes.

Mr. Morgenthau said at a news conference yesterday that Mr. Gatien consistently
underreported the receipts of his largely cash business, which depended
primarily on club cover charges and drink sales. He said that the club
management established an elaborate scheme of off-the-books accounting to hide
the actual proceeds from tax officials.

"Cash was collected as the cover charge to gain entry and cash was also
generated at the bars," Mr. Morgenthau said. "This indictment charges a classic
case of skimming from those cash receipts in a concentrated effort, executed
over a five-year period, to enrich these defendants."

Prosecutors have said the three clubs could make as much as $350,000 in cover
charges alone on a busy night. And Federal prosecutors have charged that in the
process, two of them, the Tunnel and the Limelight, became virtual markets for
illegal drugs. The Limelight and Palladium are closed, but the Tunnel is still
operating.

In the summer of 1995, city police padlocked the Limelight, charging that drugs
were being sold at the club, although club management was not implicated. At
that point, the Manhattan District Attorney's office began its own investigation
of Mr. Gatien's operations.

But Federal agents were also conducting a drug investigation at the clubs. Last
May, Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn charged Mr. Gatien with encouraging drug
dealers to operate in his nightclubs as part of an effort to draw customers. The
dealers, prosecutors charged, freely sold cocaine and Ecstasy, a synthetic
amphetamine, to the nightclub patrons. They said that Mr. Gatien welcomed the
dealers and even instructed his security personnel to warn them when the police
entered the clubs.

The drug charges left the club scene reeling, and an even deeper pall was cast
by a murder case that became a gruesome sidelight to the Gatien affair. In
December, Michael Alig, who was paid by Mr. Gatien to promote parties at his
nightclubs, was charged with killing and dismembering Andre (Angel) Melendez,
himself a flamboyant fixture of the downtown scene. According to an
investigator, another man charged in the case told the police that the killing
occurred during an argument over money Mr. Melendez said he was owed by Mr.
Gatien.

In the latest case, Mr. Gatien and his wife, Alessandra Kobayashi Gatien, were
arraigned yesterday on state charges of grand larceny. Mr. Gatien is free on a
$1 million bond from the Federal case.

Mr. Gatien's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said that his client intends to dispute
vigorously both the Federal and state charges. Mr. Brafman said he would prove
that there was a legitimate explanation for Mr. Gatien's accounting methods.

Mr. Brafman also said that, despite the Federal Government's charges that drug
dealing was rampant in the clubs, very few cases of drug selling have been
brought.

"The amount of drugs seized from the clubs is almost zero," Mr. Brafman said.
"The amounts actually purchased in the undercover investigation were extremely
small."


LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

East Lyme developer pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


April 05--East Lyme developer Jeffrey Torrance pleaded guilty to one count of
tax evasion today on the eve of a trial in U.S. District Court.

Torrance is the principal of a development firm that has a large-scale
affordable housing project before the town Zoning Commission.

He was indicted in 2006 on one count of tax evasion and two counts of filing
false documents with the Internal Revenue Service. With a jury selected and
evidence to begin Wednesday in federal court, he pleaded guilty to filing a
false tax return in 2000.

In pleading guilty, Torrance admitted that, in addition to owing about $18,242
in back taxes for the year 2000, he also owes approximately $70,961 in
additional federal income taxes, penalties and interest for the years 1992,
1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999. He faces a maximum of three years in prison and fine
of up to $250,000 when he is sentenced on June 30.

He has agreed to pay restitution of $89,230 plus penalties and interest to the
IRS and any additional amount he may owe for the 2001 tax year. He also must
cooperate with the IRS to pay any additional outstanding taxes, interest and
penalties, and to file all past due returns and timely file all future tax
returns.

Reached by phone this afternoon, Torrance said he could not comment and referred
questions to his lawyer. Attorney Neal Rogan issued a news release that said
Torrance "takes full and complete responsibility for his actions."

"Mr. Torrance's guilty plea stands as a stark reminder that even when an
individual relies upon the advice and guidance of professionals, such as
accountants and attorneys, the individual who signs the return is ultimately
responsible for it," the statement says. "Mr. Torrance recognizes he signed the
tax return for calendar year 2000 and, as such, is responsible for that tax
return."

The statement said Torrance would like to thank all of his family and friends
who have supported and continue to support him through what has been a difficult
and arduous process.

The guilty plea comes two days before the East Lyme Zoning Commission is set to
deliberate on an affordable housing project on Upper Pattagansett Road that
would include 58 single family homes.

-- Karen Florin

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110405-NL-East-Lyme-developer-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-0405-20110405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Medical Marijuana Advocate Faces New U.S. Indictment

BYLINE: By CAROLYN MARSHALL

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 13


A leading medical marijuana advocate who successfully appealed his federal
conviction this year has been indicted on new criminal charges that include tax
evasion and money laundering.

The man, Ed Rosenthal, a well-known spokesman for the movement to legalize
marijuana, was already facing a retrial on federal charges of growing marijuana
for medical use. He is to be arraigned Monday in Federal District Court here on
the new indictment, unsealed late Thursday.

It accuses Mr. Rosenthal, 61, of 14 felony charges that include cultivating
marijuana plants; laundering $1,850, which the government says he got from
selling the plants to medical dispensaries; and tax evasion. His tax returns,
prosecutors said, omitted income from the sale of the plants.

Reached Friday at his home in Oakland, Mr. Rosenthal said he thought the efforts
to prosecute him were part of a campaign to shutter medical marijuana sites in
California and to subvert the state law allowing them.

''They want to shut me up,'' he said. ''They are vindictive. They don't like
anybody beating them, and they will go after you again and again until they wear
you down.''

The state and the federal government have been locked in a legal and cultural
battle over the medicinal merits of marijuana since 1996, when California voters
approved a ballot measure giving seriously ill patients the right to buy and use
the drug with a doctor's prescription.

The Drug Enforcement Agency has been aggressive in investigating medical
marijuana facilities. Last week, the authorities raided and closed five Bay Area
sites, arresting 15 people.

A spokesman for the United States attorney's office, Luke Macaulay, would not
comment on the new indictment, but said, ''Drugs are a priority for the Justice
Department, being that marijuana is illegal under federal law.''

The new charges against Mr. Rosenthal are similar to those in a 2002 federal
indictment. At the time, Mr. Rosenthal worked for the City of Oakland and was
sanctioned under city and state laws to grow marijuana plants and sell them to
dispensaries. He was convicted by a jury, but a federal appeals court overturned
the decision, citing juror misconduct. He was granted a new trial, and
prosecutors were moving forward, but the new federal indictment supersedes the
earlier one.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday

San Jose: Owner of transportation agency convicted of fraud and tax evasion

BYLINE: By Linda Goldston lgoldston@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 247 words


The owner of a Silicon Valley transportation company has been sentenced to 10
years in prison and must pay more than $2.7 million in restitution after being
convicted of 19 felony counts of insurance fraud and tax evasion, according to
the Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office.

Gerald Quint, 54, of San Jose, owned and operated New Century Transportation, a
nearly 100-vehicle transportation company that contracted with government
agencies and corporations to provide shuttle services. Among others, the company
had a contract with Santa Clara County VTA to provide Altamont Commuter Express
shuttle services as well as the DASH (Downtown Area Shuttle) shuttle services.

His conviction stemmed from a Franchise Tax Board investigation and audit that
revealed between 2002 and 2007, Quint's company failed to report nearly $11
million in income, resulting in a corporate and personal income tax evasion of
more that $506,000 .

Another investigation by California Employment Development Department (EDD)
revealed that Quint failed to report more than $5 million in payroll costs, as
required by law, between 2004 and 2008. That resulted in a payroll tax evasion
of more than $925,000.

A separate investigation by the district attorney's office revealed that Quint
committed workers' compensation insurance fraud by under-reporting payroll to
reduce his company's worker's compensation insurance premium by more than $1.3
million over the years.

Contact Linda Goldston at 408-920-5862.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   December 15, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry pleads not guilty

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTSLINE IN BRIEF; Pg. C13/BREAK

LENGTH: 183 words


Darryl Strawberry shook his head slightly from side to side and said "Not
guilty" yesterday when arraigned in federal court in New York on felony tax
evasion charges.

With three lawyers at his side and his pregnant wife in the spectator section,
the star outfielder said little during a 20- minute hearing. He was released on
his own recognizance, but he cannot leave the continental United States and must
abide by pretrial supervision rules. "I'm not nervous because I know I'm not
guilty," Strawberry said in a hallway outside the courtroom.

His agent, Eric Goldschmidt, also pleaded not guilty to felony tax evasion,
which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine.

Strawberry, a right-fielder for the San Francisco Giants, is accused of evading
$ 146,000 in income tax by allegedly not reporting more than $ 500,000 in cash
payments from autograph shows and personal appearances.

THE FOLLOWING APPEARED IN THE EARLY EDITION:

Several other baseball players, both current and retired, are being investigated
by tax agents for similar violations.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

New date set for Rindge man's sentencing on federal tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 341 words


Nov. 14--The sentencing of a Rindge man on multiple charges of tax evasion is
now scheduled for Feb. 16 in Concord.

The new date is the latest of several postponements in more than a year's time
in the U.S. District Court case against Aaron E. Olson.

Olson was originally scheduled to be sentenced in September 2014 on four charges
of tax evasion, which he re-entered guilty pleas to this past March. He had
pleaded guilty to the same charges in May 2014, but later withdrew his pleas
after saying he'd misunderstood the maximum prison term he could face.

According to court documents, Olson thought he faced a maximum of five years of
incarceration when in fact he faced a total of 20 years in prison -- five years
for each of the four tax evasion charges. Attorneys modified and refiled the
plea agreement in March to include the five-year maximum.

The U.S. Attorney's Office charged Olson in early 2014 with understating the
federal income taxes he owed from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000. Olson
swindled investors of his two firms -- AEO Associates and KMO Associates -- out
of $27.8 million, and diverted $2.6 million of that money for his personal use,
according to court documents.

Attorneys' efforts to determine the number of Olson's victims and how much each
is owed in restitution was the primary reason for postponements.

As part of the case's resolution, Olson will be ordered to pay restitution
instead of the hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes he owes the U.S.
government, according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark S. Zuckerman, who is
prosecuting the case.

Attorneys are recommending that Olson serve 3 1/2  years in prison. He is out of
jail on bail conditions until his sentencing.

The hour-long hearing is scheduled to start at 2 p.m. in Concord.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151114-KN-New-date-set-for-Rindge-man-s-sentencing-on-federal-
tax-evasion-charges-1114-20151114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-I.R.S. Lawyer Faces Tax-Evasion Charge in Stock Case

BYLINE: By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Page 8; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 380 words


A former Internal Revenue Service lawyer and four other men were indicted
yesterday on charges of tax evasion and other crimes stemming from what
prosecutors described as a stock swindle in which the profits were funneled
through offshore accounts.

A 37-count indictment, unsealed in Las Vegas, charged Max C. Tanner, a
securities lawyer who had worked for the I.R.S., with tax evasion, money
laundering, mail fraud and failing to report $4 million of income in 1996 and
1997. Half of that was gains from selling shares of Maid Aide Inc., a tiny
cleaning service in Las Vegas.

The indictment contends that in September 1996 Mr. Tanner began a scheme to
defraud investors by manipulating the price of Maid Aide shares. The stock
jumped to $9.37 a share in 1998 after a meritless news release was issued
earlier that year that Maid Aide was near a deal to acquire a Florida trucking
company, the indictment said. The trucking deal never went through, and the
shares fell to 13 cents.

Mr. Tanner's lawyer, Brian Sun of O'Neill, Lysaght & Sun in Santa Monica,
Calif., said he had not seen the indictment but that his client would plead not
guilty.

The indictment charges that Mr. Tanner created a company in Vancouver, British
Columbia, and sent money and documents through FedEx to Canada and then to the
Cayman Islands to circumvent tax and mail fraud laws.

Mr. Tanner paid a kickback of 5 percent of his profits to Kevin J. Ruggiero, a
securities broker from Lyndhurst, N.J., who ran the Empire State Building office
of Baxter, Banks & Smith, a Florida securities dealer, the indictment said. Mr.
Ruggiero used unlicensed agents to sell Maid Aide shares through the Baxter,
Banks brokerage firm, according to the indictment. No one answered the telephone
last night at the St. Petersburg, Fla., office of the brokerage firm.

Also indicted on conspiracy charges were three stock promoters: Dennis D. Evans
of Las Vegas; Kenneth W. Kurtz of Sandy, Uta; and Mark A. Taylor of Brooksville,
Fla. Mr. Evans declined to comment last night. The other two men could not be
reached.

After paying the unlicensed sales agents commissions of up to 70 percent of the
price of each share of Maid Aide sold, the indictment said, the five men
pocketed about $3 million in profits.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Three convicted in complex fraud case

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 544 words



HIGHLIGHT: Federal judge excoriates two of the defendants as "audaciously
dishonest."


After a four-week-long trial in Minneapolis, jurors found two men guilty Tuesday
of a complex interstate fraud and money-laundering scheme that prosecutors said
bilked more than $660,000 from their former employer, Advantage Transportation
Inc. of Eagan.

Clayton "Craig" Hogeland, 41, now of Aurora, Texas, was found guilty of mail
fraud, conspiracy to commit mail fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering,
and income tax evasion.

His friend Jeffrey Cole Bennett, 51, of Arlington, Tenn., was found guilty of
mail fraud, conspiracy to commit mail fraud, conspiracy to commit money
laundering, and income tax evasion.

Hogeland's wife, Jennifer Rose Hogeland, 38, was convicted of three counts of
income tax evasion.

The mail fraud charges each carry maximum terms of 20 years in prison; the money
laundering conspiracy charges, 10 years each; the mail fraud conspiracy charges,
five years each; and the tax charges, five years each.

U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz praised the jurors for their diligence in
sifting through reams of evidence. After they left the room, he turned to the
defendants.

Schiltz called Hogeland "an extremely dishonest man, an audaciously dishonest
man." He accused Hogeland of trying to prompt judicial error by offering to
plead guilty after the defense had rested its case, but before jurors began
deliberations. Schiltz responded at the time that he would only consider a
guilty plea after the jurors officially got the case. Hogeland then changed his
mind.

"I think that last-ditch guilty plea was an attempt to set me up," Schiltz said.

Hogeland's attorney, John Brink, took the blame. "He was following my advice.
There was no attempt to set you up on appeal," he said.

Schiltz said he was torn about letting Hogeland remain free pending sentencing,
but agreed to do so with electronic monitoring. He explained that Hogeland has a
medical condition that requires close scrutiny, and he wanted proof that the
Sherburne County jail could provide it before he orders him held.

Schiltz ordered Bennett taken into custody over the objections of his lawyer,
James Thomas of Memphis. "His dishonesty was even more audacious than Mr.
Hogeland's," Schlitz said. "It really was jaw-dropping."

Jennifer Hogeland was allowed to remain free on bond pending sentencing.

Advantage Transportation connects freight companies with trucking firms
nationwide. It's part of the Dart Transit Co. founded in 1934 by Earl Oren.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Rank argued that Hogeland, a former general
manager at Advantage, created four companies -- three of them shams -- and had
them bill Advantage for products, most of which were never provided. Hogeland
approved payment and Bennett paid the Hogelands kickbacks, which Jennifer
Hogeland deposited into their bank accounts.

Defense attorneys told jurors a different tale, alleging retribution by a
spurned boss, and a rough-and-tumble shipping industry rife with "brother-in-law
deals" that reward fixers for arranging contracts. Any tax issues were simple
errors, they argued.

Rank praised investigators with the IRS and the U.S. Postal Inspection service,
noting that the case involved substantial sums and multiple entities in several
states.

"The jury did a good job," he said.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 16, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Kirk Is Convicted Of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS, Nov. 15


Dana Kirk, the former Memphis State basketball coach, was convicted today by a
Federal jury of income tax evasion and obstruction of justice.

Kirk faces up to 24 years in prison and fines of $275,000 for convictions on one
count of income tax evasion, one count of obstruction of justice and three
counts of filing false tax statements.

He was acquitted on one count of income tax evasion, one count of filing false
statements and two counts of obstruction of justice.

The former coach was convicted of tax evasion for a year in which the Government
presented evidence saying he had left some $45,000 in income off his tax return.
He was acquitted for a year in which the Government said he left $116,800
unreported.

''I have been a tax-paying citizen all my life,'' he said, adding he should have
been given a chance to amend his tax returns and pay any taxes he owed rather
than be taken to criminal court.

The 53-year-old Kirk was charged with understating his income in 1982 and 1983
and with trying to intimidate grand jury witnesses.

United States Attorney Hickman Ewing Jr. said a sentencing hearing would be set
in 30 days after a presentence investigation.

Kirk has contended since his indictment in November 1986 that the Government was
picking on him because of his celebrity.

Ewing denied the allegation, saying ''the rules are for everybody.''

Kirk came to Memphis State in 1979 and was dismissed in September 1986 shortly
before he was indicted by a Federal grand jury.

Kirk's maximum salary during seven years at the school was $62,500, but an
Internal Revenue Service agent said Kirk's total income in 1983 was close to
$300,000.

The testimony showed how the coach turned Memphis State's struggling team into a
national contender and then collected thousands of dollars from speaking
engagements, product endorsements, radio and television shows and other business
deals. The Government did not allege that the business ventures were illegal.
Much of the testimony detailed the secret sales of hard-to-get basketball
tickets. Memphis State games have been sold out since 1979.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

Mountain View business owner facing 29 counts of tax evasion

BYLINE: By Jason Green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 153 words


A Mountain View payroll service owner is facing 29 counts of tax evasion,
federal authorities announced Wednesday.

Elsa Lorena Solares was indicted by a federal grand jury in San Francisco on
Tuesday, the U.S. Attorney's Office reported. A warrant has since been issued
for the San Jose resident's arrest.

According to the four-page indictment, Solares owned and operated a payroll
service called JC 101 Services. She allegedly collected about $154,800 for
employment and unemployment taxes from seven clients between 2008 and 2009, but
failed to pay the money to the IRS.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of tax evasion is five years in
prison and a fine of $250,000.

In 2005, Solares was arrested by the Santa Clara County Sheriff's Office on
suspicion of identity theft and grand theft.

Bay Area News Group staff writer Lisa Fernandez contributed to this report.

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

The Nation: Lincoln stamp collection goes for $2M

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 231 words


DALLAS

Lincoln stamp collection goes for $2M

AGeorgia man's collection of more than 10,000 Abraham Lincoln stamps has sold at
auction in New York City for a total of nearly

$2 million.

Dallas-based Spink Shreves Galleries on Friday auctioned off the Lincoln-focused
collection that took 67-year-old William J. Ainsworth more than 30 years to
amass. Officials said bids came from around the world.

Among the collection's highlights was a proof of a block of eight mint-condition
90-cent stamps of Lincoln with his image accidentally printed upside-down. The
block is one of only two known and sold for $149,600.

A 90-cent vertical block of six Lincoln stamps from 1869 sold for $86,250.

MIAMI

Racer Castroneves acquitted of tax evasion

Brazilian race car driver and "Dancing With The Stars" champ Helio Castroneves
was acquitted Friday of most charges that he worked with his sister and lawyer
to evade more than $2.3 million in U.S. income taxes.

A federal jury acquitted Castroneves on six counts of tax evasion but was hung
on one count of conspiracy.

The jury acquitted Katiucia Castroneves, 35, who is her 33-year-old brother's
business manager, on the tax evasion counts but hung on the conspiracy charge.

Michigan attorney Alan Miller, 71, was acquitted on all three counts of tax
evasion and one count of conspiracy. The deliberations took six days after a
six-week trial.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 4, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY;
3S.I. Men Charged With Tax Evasion By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 182 words


Three Staten Island men have been indicted on tax-evasion charges for not
reporting payments in the $1 million sale of a Brooklyn discotheque, Federal
prosecutors said yesterday.

The three - Salvatore Gravano, 39 years old, and Edward Garafola, 46, former
owners of the Plaza Suite discotheque, and Joseph Ingrassia, 48, owner of a
Brooklyn check-cashing service - all were charged with conspiracy to defraud the
government, income-tax evasion and violation of the Bank Secrecy Act.

They pleaded not guilty before United States Magistrate Shira A. Scheindlin, and
were released on a personal-recognizance bond of $250,000.

Raymond J. Dearie, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New
York, said the indictment stemmed from an investigation into the murder of Frank
Fiala, a Brooklyn businessman. He was shot to death on June 27, 1982, outside
the discotheque, two days before he was to purchase it from Mr. Gravano and Mr.
Garafola, officials said. The two men finally sold the discotheque in 1983.

Federal prosecutors did not link the three defendants to the slaying.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Washington: North Carolina Seafood Distributor Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 585  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Jeffrey Wayne Scott, 48, of Wilmington, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to tax
evasion in Raleigh, North Carolina, the Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) announced today. Scott was indicted on Nov. 25, 2013, for five
counts of personal income tax evasion and one count of filing a false corporate
tax return. He pleaded guilty to one count of willfully attempting to evade his
personal income tax for tax year 2007.

According to court documents and court proceedings, Scott has owned and operated
Greenville Loop Seafood (GLS), a seafood distribution company located in
Wilmington, since 1995. For tax years 2006 through 2010, Scott and his wife
filed joint individual income tax returns. Scott provided his return preparer
with handwritten summaries of gross receipts and categorized expense items for
the wholesale and retail fish distribution businesses as well as tax documents
provided by financial institutions. Scott, under penalty of perjury, reported
that his taxable income for these five years ranged between $23,934 and $92,999,
and paid only $91,800 in federal income taxes for this time period. During these
five years, however, the Scotts spent far in excess of this reported taxable
income on personal expenditures.

According to court documents and court proceedings, between 2006 and 2010, the
Scotts paid for nearly all of their living expenses with checks from GLS. This
included, among other things, utilities, insurance premiums, landscaping, home
improvements, school fees and a country club membership. They also purchased
five vehicles totaling more than $200,000, a $100,000 boat and a $2.1 million
waterfront home. Scott also made a monthly transfer of $10,000 from GLS'
business account into a personal brokerage account. After the purchase of their
home in June 2009, Scott stopped transferring funds to the brokerage account,
but instead used funds from GLS' business account to pay the mortgage and
related expenses. Through a bank deposit and expenditure analysis, the IRS
calculated that Scott failed to report taxable income for these five years in
excess of $1,151,642 and owed at least $390,678 in additional taxes. For the
2007 tax year, Scott failed to report $328,754 in taxable income with an
additional tax due and owing of $113,967.

­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­According to court documents and court proceedings, when first
contacted by IRS-Criminal Investigation agents in June 2011, Scott falsely
stated that he was letting friends stay in his second home rent free.
Furthermore, despite being aware that he was under criminal investigation, in
November 2012, Scott filed a false 2011 GLS corporate income tax return claiming
the painting of his personal residence, repair work by a plumber at his personal
residence, and health bills related to his family dog as business expenses.

Chief U.S. District Judge James C. Dever III scheduled the sentencing for the
term of court to begin Aug. 18, 2014. Scott faces a statutory maximum prison
term of five years and a maximum fine of $250,000.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan B. Menzer and Trial Attorney Todd A. Ellinwood of
the Justice Department's Tax Division are prosecuting the case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found at the division website .

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: North Carolina Seafood Distributor Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 585  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Jeffrey Wayne Scott, 48, of Wilmington, North Carolina, pleaded guilty to tax
evasion in Raleigh, North Carolina, the Justice Department and Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) announced today. Scott was indicted on Nov. 25, 2013, for five
counts of personal income tax evasion and one count of filing a false corporate
tax return. He pleaded guilty to one count of willfully attempting to evade his
personal income tax for tax year 2007.

According to court documents and court proceedings, Scott has owned and operated
Greenville Loop Seafood (GLS), a seafood distribution company located in
Wilmington, since 1995. For tax years 2006 through 2010, Scott and his wife
filed joint individual income tax returns. Scott provided his return preparer
with handwritten summaries of gross receipts and categorized expense items for
the wholesale and retail fish distribution businesses as well as tax documents
provided by financial institutions. Scott, under penalty of perjury, reported
that his taxable income for these five years ranged between $23,934 and $92,999,
and paid only $91,800 in federal income taxes for this time period. During these
five years, however, the Scotts spent far in excess of this reported taxable
income on personal expenditures.

According to court documents and court proceedings, between 2006 and 2010, the
Scotts paid for nearly all of their living expenses with checks from GLS. This
included, among other things, utilities, insurance premiums, landscaping, home
improvements, school fees and a country club membership. They also purchased
five vehicles totaling more than $200,000, a $100,000 boat and a $2.1 million
waterfront home. Scott also made a monthly transfer of $10,000 from GLS'
business account into a personal brokerage account. After the purchase of their
home in June 2009, Scott stopped transferring funds to the brokerage account,
but instead used funds from GLS' business account to pay the mortgage and
related expenses. Through a bank deposit and expenditure analysis, the IRS
calculated that Scott failed to report taxable income for these five years in
excess of $1,151,642 and owed at least $390,678 in additional taxes. For the
2007 tax year, Scott failed to report $328,754 in taxable income with an
additional tax due and owing of $113,967.

­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­According to court documents and court proceedings, when first
contacted by IRS-Criminal Investigation agents in June 2011, Scott falsely
stated that he was letting friends stay in his second home rent free.
Furthermore, despite being aware that he was under criminal investigation, in
November 2012, Scott filed a false 2011 GLS corporate income tax return claiming
the painting of his personal residence, repair work by a plumber at his personal
residence, and health bills related to his family dog as business expenses.

Chief U.S. District Judge James C. Dever III scheduled the sentencing for the
term of court to begin Aug. 18, 2014. Scott faces a statutory maximum prison
term of five years and a maximum fine of $250,000.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan B. Menzer and Trial Attorney Todd A. Ellinwood of
the Justice Department's Tax Division are prosecuting the case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found at the division website .

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Oakland Tribune (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday

Stanford Law grad-turned-escort pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Josh Richman, The Oakland Tribune, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Jan. 27--A former Bay Area woman who worked as a high-priced call girl to pay
off her Stanford Law School loans has pleaded guilty to tax evasion, ending
almost five years of cat-and-mouse with federal prosecutors.

Cristina Warthen, 35, now of Los Angeles but formerly of Palo Alto and Oakland,
entered her plea Monday before U.S. District Judge James Ware of San Jose; she's
scheduled to be sentenced June 15. The maximum penalty is five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine, but Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
Division Special Agent Arlette Lee said Monday that Warthen's plea agreement
indicates she will pay the government $313,133.74 and serve three years of
probation including one year of home confinement.

In her plea agreement, Warthen -- nee Cristina Schultz, before she married
millionaire Ask.com co-founder David Warthen in May 2004 -- acknowledged she ran
an escort business in which she exchanged sexual acts for money. The
TouchofBrazil.net Web site in 2004 featured photos of her in various states of
undress while offering pricing for her company and her nationwide travel
schedule; it described her as a "Portuguese-speaking entertainer and physical
model."

Warthen now admits that she grossed more than $133,000 from her escort business
in 2003 but didn't file a tax return for that year, and she acknowledges she
tried to hide her income by storing cash in a

safe-deposit box and buying postal money orders in amounts designed to avoid
federal currency transaction reports.

Clients posting reviews of Brazil's services at another Web site gave her rave
-- and sometimes, explicit -- reviews up through February 2004, a month after
IRS agents seized evidence and $61,171 from her apartment, her storage locker
and her safe deposit box. The Justice Department in July 2004 sued to keep that
money under federal civil asset forfeiture laws that let the government keep
property or money representing a federal crime's proceeds even if the owner
hasn't been charged with the alleged crime.

That forfeiture complaint had said Schultz operated an interstate prostitution
business since at least August 2001 -- three months after earning her Stanford
Law School degree -- by charging as much as $1,300 for two hours, $5,000 for
overnight and $15,000 for three days to serve clients in the Bay Area, Los
Angeles, Washington, D.C., New York City, Chicago and Seattle. Her own April
2003 posting to an escort-reviews Web site had said that when she finished her
law degree, she "owed over 300 thousand in loans and hated the prospect of being
a lawyer for the next twenty yrs."(sic)

A federal judge dismissed the civil forfeiture action in 2006 as Warthen and the
government reached a secret settlement. Prosecutors filed the tax evasion charge
against Warthen in September.

Reach Josh Richman at 510-208-6428 or jrichman@bayareanewsgroup.com Read the
Political Blotter at www.ibabuzz.com/politics.

To see more of The Oakland Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.insidebayarea.com/oaklandtribune/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Oakland
Tribune, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090127-OX-Stanford-Law-grad-turned-escort-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-0127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OX


                       Copyright 2009 The Oakland Tribune


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                December 9, 1994, Friday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Strawberry charged with tax evasion

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 65, Baseball

LENGTH: 435 words


Darryl Strawberry, an all-star shadowed by repeated trouble off the field, was
charged yesterday with tax evasion for allegedly hiding $500,000 made at
baseball-card shows and other events.

The 32-year-old outfielder was accused of conspiring with his agent, Eric
Goldschmidt, to hide income from the Internal Revenue Service by demanding he be
paid in cash for promotional events held from 1986 to 1990.

An indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in White Plains and distributed
by the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan alleged the San Francisco Giants
player collected thousands of dollars in cash.

If convicted, Strawberry and Goldschmidt both face a maximum penalty of five
years in prison on one count of conspiracy and two counts of income tax evasion.
They also would face possible fines of $250,000 or twice the gross loss to the
government, whichever is greater.

At a Feb. 11, 1989, autograph signing in Newburgh, he was paid about $12,000 in
cash, prosecutors said. Other promotional events cited by prosecutors were in
Manhattan, Middletown, Poughkeepsie and Mount Kisco.

Strawberry, of Rancho Mirage, Calif., and Goldschmidt, 35, of San Diego,
concealed the existence of a Queens bank account from an accountant so a
substantial part of Strawberry's promotional income would not appear on 1989 and
1990 tax returns, according to the indictment.

John Tigue Jr., a lawyer for Strawberry, said the player will plead innocent at
his arraignment, scheduled for Wednesday.

''He denies the charges. He hopes to have a trial schedule which will permit him
to participate fully in the 1995 season, if there is one,'' Tigue said.

Calls to Goldschmidt at his home and office were not immediately returned.

The only baseball star imprisoned for tax evasion was Pete Rose, who was
sentenced to five months and fined $50,000 for failing to report $345,967 in
memorabilia income.

Tigue said the Rose matter was ''really, really different'' from his client's
case because of the gambling controversy surrounding the all-time baseball hits
champion. Rose was banned from baseball for life because of his involvement with
gamblers.

Strawberry, an eight-time All Star, helped the New York Mets win the World
Series in 1986. However, his career has been beset by substance abuse and family
troubles.

Assistant Attorney General Loretta Argrett of the Justice Department Tax
Division said the indictment showed the government will ''prosecute those
taxpayers who attempt to evade their income tax obligations by hiding their
income through cash transactions.''


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 6, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tax Fugitive's Son Pleads Guilty to Evasion Charges

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 498 words


The son of Stanley S. Tollman, the fugitive New York hotel and travel executive,
pleadedguilty yesterday in Manhattan to federal charges of tax evasion. It was a
significant break in the government's case against the Tollman family and
employees of their businesses who have been indicted on charges of cheating the
government.

Brett G. Tollman, 42, admitted that he failed to pay taxes on $2.7 million of
income from 1993 through 1999 and that he took part in a plan to funnel untaxed
money to accounts in Guernsey in the British Channel Islands. He agreed to pay
$1 million on his tax bill within 60 days under a plea bargain with James B.
Comey, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York.

Mr. Tollman's father, Stanley, and Richard C. Masefield, an executive of the
family's firm, are fugitives. The Justice Department is trying to extradite
Stanley Tollman from Britain and Mr. Masefield from Australia.

Stanley Tollman owns Trafalgar Travel and, through the firm Tollman-Hundley,
several Days Inn hotels as well as some upscale hotels in London. His wife,
Beatrice, has not been charged.

Brett Tollman admitted that he funneled unreported pay to the Guernsey bank
account and that employees who helped out were paid with unreported money and
lease payments on cars they drove.

The other defendants in the tax evasion case are scheduled to go on trial next
month in Manhattan.

In a separate tax prosecution yesterday, authorities in California arrested a
wealthy Orange County couple on tax evasion charges. The couple boasted that
they did not pay taxes nor withhold them from their workers' paychecks because
they said no law required them to do so.

George H. Jesson, 50, of Fountain Valley, Calif., who ran for governor using his
nickname, Nick, in the Republican primary last year and received 1 percent of
the vote, was arrested at a doughnut shop near his home.

His wife, Trina, 40, was arrested at the couple's firm, No Time Delay
Electronics in Huntington Beach, Calif., a supplier of components to companies
like I.B.M., Motorola and Texas Instruments.

From 1997 through 1999, the Jessons paid no taxes on $3 million of income, the
California Franchise Tax Board said.

Each of the Jessons was charged with four counts of tax evasion. In addition,
Mr. Jesson faces four felony tax charges that he failed to withhold taxes from
employees of his company.

Mr. Jesson is a leader in the so-called tax honesty movement, whose leaders say
that the income tax laws are a deception. Mr. Jesson, in interviews, has
contended that Americans are tricked into paying taxes and that tax money
actually goes to a group of bankers.

Mr. Jesson has said that by not paying taxes, he is able to afford a 50-foot
yacht, which he said cost him a half-million dollars, and also several expensive
sports cars.

State authorities raided Mr. Jesson's business in May 2001, a raid he said was
illegal because the judge who issued the warrant had not taken the proper oath
of office.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: George H. and Trina Jesson, center, with the police outside
their electronics business in Huntington Beach, Calif. Authorities arrested both
yesterday, charging them with four counts of tax evasion. (Photo by Gary
Coronado/The Orange County Register)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 14, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Question: Should Leona Helmsley serve her prison term for tax evasion?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 241 words


Jo Ann Evansgardner
66, retired psychologist
Houston, Texas

I don't see any real point to it. I think that she was pursued because she's an
arrogant woman, what some misogynist people would call a ''bitch.'' I think the
standard of justice was colored by that.

Ben Eison, 36
Nat'l. account manager
Bridgeport, Conn.

There's all too often inequity in our country. When normal people violate the
law, they get medium or maximum sentences. When rich people violate the same
laws, they serve the minimum or get off scot-free. That's an indictment of our
country's legal system.

Janet Penn, 37
Arts manager
Barrington, R.I.

Maybe she really feels she will drop dead, but unless we as a country decide
that tax evaders should do community service, then she should go to prison
because she broke the law.

Richard Halik, 49
School superintendent
Lansing, Mich.

She should serve her term like any other citizen convicted of this. I certainly
wouldn't lock someone up in a jail cell who's having a heart attack, but short
of that, she should go to prison. It does send a message: It doesn't matter who
you are; the same rules apply.

Jason DiLeo, 29
Student/bartender
Omaha, Neb.

If she can't do the time, she shouldn't have done the crime. Working in the
hotel industry myself, I know how important that sort of stuff is. She should
have thought about the penalties before she did the crime. She got what's coming
to her.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate; Voices

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; VOICES FROM ACROSS THE USA; Leona Helmsley, 71, heads to
prison April 15 to begin serving a four-year prison term for evading $ 1.7
million in taxes. Last Tuesday, federal Judge Thomas Griesa reaffirmed his order
that she report to prison. A housekeeper quoted her as saying, ''Only the little
people pay taxes.'' Last week, Helmsley said, ''Maybe I'll drop dead'' before
April 15.

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Dentist admits to tax scheme

BYLINE: Thomas Caywood, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A,3,4

LENGTH: 283 words


WORCESTER -- A Shrewsbury dentist admitted in federal court Friday that he
schemed for a dozen years to try to hide his income from the tax man.

George Fenzell, 57, who lives in Douglas and practices in Shrewsbury, pleaded
guilty to one count of felony tax evasion in U.S. District Court in Worcester.

Four other counts of tax evasion and one count of corruptly endeavoring to
obstruct the Internal Revenue Service were dropped by prosecutors as part of the
plea deal.

The terms of the plea agreement were not disclosed in court, but Dr. Fenzell
could have faced up to five years in jail and $250,000 in fines had he been
found guilty at trial of a single count of tax evasion.

The dentist is scheduled to be sentenced Feb. 18.

Dr. Fenzell owed more than $300,000 in back taxes, interest and penalties at the
time of his indictment in March, officials said. He was charged with tax evasion
during the period of 2000 to 2012.

Prosecutor John N. Kane Jr. of the U.S. Department of Justice said Mr. Fenzell
tried to hide his income from the government by stashing his dental business
behind multiple layers of trusts and shell entities and by funneling his
earnings through so-called "warehouse" bank accounts that mingle funds from many
sources. Dr. Fenzell went to "extraordinary lengths," including having his
mother open a bank account in Florida, to conceal his income from the IRS, Mr.
Kane said.

Dr. Fenzell continued to try to conceal his income from the federal government
even after a state Department of Revenue investigation in 2007 found he owed
more than $100,000 in back taxes, the prosecutor said.

Contact reporter Thomas Caywood at tcaywood@telegram.com or follow him on
Twitter @ThomasCaywood

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              May 11, 1995, Thursday, DAILY: EARLY EDITION EDITION

EXTREMISTS MILKING SYSTEM: U.S. governments and banks stung by groups working
sophisticated counterfeiting and tax-evasion ploys.

BYLINE: Bloomberg

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 909 words

DATELINE: New York, NY


As shown by the Oklahoma bombing, extremist groups haven't limited themselves
merely to  plotting violence against the U.S. government.

Federal authorities say they're also turning increasingly to sophisticated
counterfeiting scams while evading taxes through offshore shelters and phony
charities.

In 1994, for example, a white-supremacist group known as the Family Farm
Preservation printed US$65 million in counterfeit money orders before
authorities caught on. The group, based in  Tigerton, Wis., managed to sting
more than 100 banks and  finance companies, according to investigations by the
Federal  Deposit Insurance Corp., Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S.
Postal Service.

Mortgage companies had to foreclose on hundreds of  properties when homeowners
used the money orders to pay their  mortgage bills. The money orders were issued
by L.A. Pethehiah,  whose Wisconsin group of tax protesters was linked to an
anti-government group known as the Posse Comitatus (Power of the  County). The
Posse's core membership included neo-Nazis and Ku  Klux Klansmen who had used
violence against federal authorities,  said Gail Gans of the Anti-Defamation
League of B'nai Brith.

''We have a big problem,'' said Jane Rasmussen, senior  attorney at the Treasury
Department's Office of the Comptroller  of the Currency. ''That scheme was
uncovered, but they might  think of something better.''

Although the FBI shut down Pethehiah's offices and charged  group members with
seven cases involving US$200,000 in losses, as  many as 900 similar incidents
nationwide have gone unresolved,  said Richard Eggleston of the FBI's Milwaukee
division.

And postal inspectors expect to make 50 indictments  connected to an additional
US$35 million in fake money orders from  addresses in other states in the past
two years. Other agencies  have issued routine warnings to U.S. banks, advising
them  to carefully examine all certified checks and money orders.

Plain vanilla tax evasion is also a popular tactic among  extremist groups and
some have shown a remarkable understanding  of the complicated Internal Revenue
Service code. With minister's credentials obtained by mail, for instance, a
''pastor'' can shelter assets as church donations, income as living expenses and
vacations as spiritual retreats.

William Potter Gale, who was later convicted of threatening  the lives of IRS
agents in Las Vegas, dubbed himself pastor of  the Identity Church while running
the Committee of the States in California. Another Identity Church pastor,
Sheldon Emry, helped establish the group's neo-Nazi reputation by referring to
African Americans as ''pre-Adamic mud people'' in one of his books.

One anti-government tax protest group in Snyder, Tex.,  known as The Central
Dominion Trust, tried to transfer funds  electronically with international tax
havens by falsifying faxes  from the Treasury Department's Office of the
Comptroller of the  Currency, Rasmussen said.

''They're certainly working on ways of getting trusts set up  in other countries
and islands to avoid being taxed,'' she said.  ''We know that's going on.''

Electronic transfers of money by tax evaders is commonplace,  said Ron Keating,
a senior special investigator with the U.S.  Federal Reserve. ''It's not getting
any smaller,'' he said. ''I'm  sure they have done it.''

Not only government officials are concerned with the link  between tax evasion
and extremism. ''They'll hook you with tax  protest,'' said Fred Clarkson of
Planned Parenthood Federation of  America's Public Policy Institute. ''The tax
issue is safer and  more appealing to a wider slice of the American public than
the  right to bear assault weapons or to abolish public schools.''

And there's no shortage of tax-evasion groups. Citizens for America, an umbrella
group that claims 10,000 members, offers a resource center to provide legal and
technical information on how to revoke ties with the ''federal zone.'' For fees
ranging from $250 to $1,500 - payable in American Eagle gold coins - it  offers
advice on such topics as renouncing U.S. citizenship, said  Susie Mohr, a group
staff worker who lives in Mesa, Arizona.

Opting out of the tax and welfare system, revoking all  licences and oaths and
foreswearing the use of highways and  postal services has become so popular,
Mohr said, some 40 service  centers have sprouted up around the country. Last
summer, the  group's ''Sovereignty Summit'' drew thousands.

Tax evasion and right-wing radicalism have proven deadly combinations in the
past. Gordon Kalh, a North Dakota farmer and tax protestor, was killed in a
shoot-out while a fugitive from prison on murder and tax-evasion charges
connected with the  murder of two federal marshals in 1983.

Ty Hardin ran a tax protest school called the Common Law  Institute while
leading the Arizona Patriots. After a two-year  FBI probe, Patriot members were
charged in 1986 with plotting to  bomb a Utah IRS office and a Phoenix
synagogue.

Even non-violent advocates of tax evasion pose a danger, the  IRS said, by
''offering seminars around the country at which  serious misrepresentations
about the tax laws are being presented  to the public as fact.''

According to IRS spokeman Anthony Burke, "The courts have consistently held that
there is no constitutional right to refuse to pay income taxes."


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

East El Paso chiropractor, husband freed on bond; face tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Adriana M. Chavez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 381 words


April 08--An East El Paso chiropractor and her husband are free on bond
following their arrests last week on tax evasion charges.

A federal grand jury indicted Dr. Anna J. Allen and Martin Armendariz in March
on one count of conspiracy and four counts of tax evasion. Agents with the
Internal Revenue Service arrested the couple on Thursday at Allen's clinic, the
Viscount Chiropractic Health Center at 8838 Viscount. A federal magistrate judge
on Monday allowed Allen and Armendariz to each post a $50,000 bond.

According to their indictment, federal prosecutors allege Allen and Armendariz
conspired together between Jan. 1, 2006, and April 15, 2010, to defraud the
United States by concealing the amount of their income from the IRS, and filing
documents in El Paso County describing their beliefs against the IRS.

County court records show that in 2010, the Deutsche Bank National Trust Company
filed for foreclosure on a home owned by Allen and Armendariz. In 2007, the City
of El Paso filed a tax suit against Allen and Armendariz but the suit was later
dismissed.

Federal prosecutors also allege that Allen sent an "affidavit of truth" to an
IRS revenue officer demanding reimbursement of money levied by the IRS and taken
from a bank account. Both Allen and Armendariz have sent several letters to the
IRS questioning the agency's authority.

According to the couple's indictment, Allen has failed to pay nearly $60,000 in
taxes owed from 2008 and 2009, while Armendariz owes almost $27,000 to the IRS
for those same years.

"The courts have consistently held that there are no legal grounds for not
filing tax returns or paying your tax liability," said IRS spokesman Special
Agent Mike Lemoine. "The IRS does not want taxpayers to be misled by promoters
or others who foolishly make outlandish claims about not needing to file tax
returns or pay taxes."

According to the Viscount Chiropractic Health Center's website, Allen has been a
chiropractor for more than 20 years and sees up to 80 patients a day. She has
also received recognition from several medical, civic and business
organizations.

Adriana M. Chávez may be reached at 546-6117.

___ (c)2014 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140408-EY-East-El-Paso-chiropractor-husband-freed-on-bond-face-
tax-evasion-charges-0408-20140408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2014 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 25, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Law Partner of Senator's Brother Is Cleared

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 189 words


A law partner of Armand P. D'Amato, the brother of Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato,
was acquitted of tax evasion on Tuesday by a Federal jury.

The partner, Jack Libert, a former counsel to the Nassau County Board of
Supervisors, was exonerated on three counts of conspiracy to evade taxes and tax
evasion involving about $30,000 said to be profit from a land deal in Mitchel
Field, L.I. His father-in-law, Paul Malkin, who was accused of helping in the
tax evasion, was also acquitted.

After the verdict was reached in the Federal District Court in Uniondale, L.I.,
some jurors said there had been a lack of evidence to prove the Government's
case.

Mr. Libert's lawyer, Robert S. Fink of Manhattan, said yesterday that Justice
Department investigators had carried out "a three-year crusade" against his
client. "What the case was really about was an attempt to find some kind of
evidence against Alfonse D'Amato, but Mr. Libert knew of nothing wrong."

Mr. Libert is a partner in the Mineola firm of D'Amato, Forchelli, Libert,
Schwartz, Mineo & Joseph F. Carlino. He was campaign treasurer for the Senator
until a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 22, 2009 Wednesday

Hanceville business owner pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Patrick McCreless, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Apr. 22--A Hanceville business owner recently pled guilty to tax evasion while
in a Birmingham federal court.

According to a press release from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), Timothy
Smith, owner of College Tire, pled guilty to one count of tax evasion last week,
just days before he was scheduled to stand trial for the crime.

As part of the plea agreement, Smith agreed to a binding sentence of 30 months
in prison and to pay $170,380 in restitution to the IRS, including a lump sum
payment of $50,000 to be paid prior to sentencing. As part of the plea
agreement, the government agreed to dismiss tax charges against Smith's wife,
Lori Ann Smith.

The Smiths could not be reached for comment by deadline of this article.

Patricia Bergstrom, public information officer for IRS Criminal Investigation,
said the IRS was satisfied with the outcome of the case.

"This (plea agreement) is pretty much in line with federal guidelines,"
Bergstrom said.

The press release states Smith was indicted in Sept. 2008 on two counts of tax
evasion related to tax years 2002 and 2003. The indictment alleged Smith had
diverted customer receipts from his tire business into two personal bank
accounts. Smith also used, or directed others to use, cash and cashiers' checks
to make substantial principal payments on the mortgage for his vacation home in
North Carolina and his vacation home in Pensacola, Fla.

In total, Smith allegedly diverted more than $430,000 from his business to his
personal bank accounts and his mortgages. In August 2003, he also allegedly
purchased a real estate lot in North Carolina near his vacation home with
$68,100 in cash.

According to court records, Smith allegedly concealed the funds that were
diverted to his personal accounts and his mortgages from his bookkeeper, who
prepared both his business tax returns as well as his joint personal tax
returns. Smith also took substantial fraudulent tax deductions in relation to a
purported farm at his personal residence. As a result, Smith filed false
personal and business tax returns for tax years 2000 through 2003.

The tax loss resulting from Smith's scheme was more than $400,000.

Bergstrom said the IRS routinely encounters similar crimes committed by owners
of many different kinds of businesses.

"It can go across many different factions of society," she said. "We go wherever
the crime takes us."

--  Patrick McCreless can be reached by e-mail at patrickm@cullmantimes.com or
by telephone at 734-2131 ext. 270.

To see more of The Cullman Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.cullmantimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Cullman Times, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090422-ZC-Hanceville-business-owner-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-0422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                                 Copyright 2009


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 21, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Tax Charges Faced by Promoter Indicted in Prostitution-Ring Case

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 265 words


A concert promoter charged with heading a Manhattan prostitution ring was
indicted again yesterday on charges of evading state and city income taxes.

The authorities said the defendant, Andrew Mackey, 38 years old, of Far
Rockaway, Queens. failed to report more than $1 million in income from 1984 to
1986. He pleaded not guilty when arraigned yesterday afternoon before an acting
State Supreme Court justice, Carol Berkman, and was released on $5,000 bail.

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said at a news conference
in his office that the new indictment was a ''clear message'' that anyone
''coming into the criminal-justice system in Manhattan'' faced a heightened
prospect of prosecution for income-tax evasion prosecution.

Luxury Cars Seized

Mr. Mackey was charged in November with heading a prostitution ring that sped
women from one location to another in Manhattan in rented limousines. Mr.
Morgenthau said Mr. Mackey operated a ''self-styled'' concert promotion company,
New World Concert, out of his home.

Law-enforcement officials said they have seized three luxury cars and $242,000
in bank accounts.

Mr. Mackey faces up to four years in prison upon conviction on each of three
counts of tax evasion and up to seven years on the prostitution charges.

Mr. Morgenthau and Stanley E. Grayson, the city's Finance Commissioner, and
Roderick G. W. Chu, the State Tax Commissioner, said that the tax evasion
charges had a larger significance and that they would push hard to bring tax
evasion charges against suspects charged with other crimes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Andrew Mackey at court for arraignment (NYT/Keith Torrie)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: California Resident Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion Resulting from
Multimillion-Dollar Advance Fee Scheme in Maryland

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A Corona, California, woman was sentenced today in the U.S. District Court in
the District of Maryland to serve two years in prison to be followed by three
years of supervised release after pleading guilty to one count of tax evasion,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division and U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein of the District of
Maryland.

Yvette Johnson, formerly of Laytonsville, Maryland, was sentenced by U.S.
District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow.  As a special condition of Johnson's
supervised release, she is required to cooperate with the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) to determine all taxes owed for tax years 2002 through 2009, and
to pay the IRS all additional taxes, interest and penalties.

Johnson's husband, Shannon Johnson, was sentenced in June 2014 to serve seven
years in prison after pleading guilty to an advance fee scheme and tax evasion.
The Johnsons were indicted by a federal grand jury in June 2013 for mail and
wire fraud charges, as well as tax fraud charges, in connection with a scheme to
defraud investors.  Shannon Johnson admitted that he ran a fraudulent advance
fee scheme from 2006 to 2009, wherein Johnson presented himself as a wealthy
international investment banker who could provide millions of dollars and euros
in financing to businesses and individuals.  In return for substantial advance
banking fees, the indictment alleged that the Johnsons promised to provide
investors with money which they claimed they held in an overseas bank account.
Shannon Johnson provided these businesses and investors with false documents
purporting to be from the overseas bank to authenticate the funds.  The Johnsons
developed relationships with pastors, ministers and religious-based
organizations to sell themselves as philanthropists on a humanitarian mission.
Shannon Johnson received payments and gifts from pastors and ministers who
believed substantial donations would be made to their churches.  Businesses and
individuals wired and mailed the advance fees to multiple bank accounts
controlled by the Johnsons in different states.  Yvette Johnson opened bank
accounts and conducted financial transactions using proceeds obtained from the
Johnsons' business activities.

The Johnsons spent the $3.7 million in advance fees from individuals and
businesses to support their lifestyle, which the indictment alleges included:
the purchase of Bentley, Mercedes Benz and BMW automobiles; the leasing of a
residence in California for $18,000 a month; travel on private jets; and the
funding of the mortgage on their Laytonsville residence.  Shannon Johnson
admitted that he obtained $3.7 million by victimizing at least 11 individuals
and businesses.

The Johnsons also evaded taxes on millions of dollars in income they earned from
the advance fee scheme.  They admitted that they filed individual tax returns
for tax years 1998 through 2001 using false Forms W-2 to fraudulently generate
refund claims, evaded the payment of their 2002 through 2006 corporate and
individual taxes totaling $98,220, and evaded the assessment of their 2007
through 2009 taxes.  The Johnsons attempted to conceal their income and assets
from the IRS by selling assets in their own names, titling assets in the names
of nominees, using multiple bank accounts across three states to disperse and
conceal income, using nominees and fraudulent taxpayer identification numbers to
open and maintain bank accounts, and using multiple business names to conduct
business.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rosenstein commended
the special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, who investigated
the case, and Assistant Chief John N. Kane of the Tax Division and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Thomas Sullivan of the District of Maryland, who prosecuted the
case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

Tuttle woman gets two years in federal prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 250 words


Aug. 17--NORMAN -- Jessica Pillow Venable, a Tuttle resident, has been ordered
to report to federal prison on Aug. 26 to begin serving a 24-month sentence for
tax evasion.

Venable also was ordered to pay $228,060 in restitution to the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) following her guilty plea in April 2013 to an indictment charging
two counts of tax evasion.

Venable, a former resident of Arlington, Texas, was charged by indictment in the
Northern District of Texas on Jan. 23 and shortly thereafter formally stated
that she intended to plead guilty and requested that jurisdiction of her case be
transferred to the Western District of Oklahoma.

At the time of her guilty plea, Venable was 26, according to the petition she
filed with the Court.

According to the indictment and other documents filed in the case, Venable
willfully failed to report income embezzled from Dream Machines of Texas for tax
years 2009 and 2010. According to the judgment filed in the case, the $228,060
in restitution ordered paid to the IRS is a condition of supervised release.

This is in addition to her obligation, pursuant to a separate settlement
agreement, to pay $400 per month to the victim of the embezzlement.

This case was investigated by IRS Criminal Investigation. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Joseph Revesz of the NDTX and Charles Brown of the WDTX prosecuted.

___ (c)2013 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130817-NQ-Tuttle-woman-gets-two-years-in-federal-prison-for-
tax-evasion-0817-20130817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2013 The Norman Transcript


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 12, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Rep. Flake's Tax Evasion Trial Opens;
Minister's Backers Assert Case Is Racist

Michael Specter, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A12

LENGTH: 488 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, March 11, 1991


Rep. Floyd H. Flake (D-N.Y.), a janitor's child overwhelmed by poverty who
became a powerful Queens minister and member of Congress, was described in
federal court here today as a thief who stole from the devoted members of his
church.

"This case is about tax evasion and fraud," Assistant U.S. Attorney Andrew Luger
said in opening arguments of a trial in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn. Flake,
46, and his wife Margarett Elaine Flake, 42, face conspiracy, embezzlement, tax
evasion and fraud charges.

"This case is also about the abuse of power," Luger continued.

"They used their positions as leaders . . . to embezzle and divert money."

Indicted last summer, Flake easily gained reelection in November to the House
seat that, in 1986, he became the first black to win. His popularity at his
Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church remains overwhelming.

The couple pleaded not guilty, and his supporters here and nationally have
portrayed him as victim of an overzealous prosecution and of racism.

"The evidence will show an innocent belief on the part of this man and his wife
that they did nothing wrong," Gustave H. Newman, their lawyer, said today. Flake
"worked 17 hours a day, seven days a week" for his church and constituents,
Newman said, adding, "There couldn't be any embezzlement here. Nobody lost any
money."

Flake took over the church more than 15 years ago and built the faltering
156-year-old institution into one of the religious bedrocks of the black
community. But as his influence increased, prosecutors charged today, he began
to siphon funds from his congregation.

The government has charged that the Flakes diverted more than $ 140,000 from the
church and from federal housing funds they obtained to help build a 300-unit
senior-citizen apartment complex in Jamaica, Queens, and to renovate area stores
and establish various community clinics and counseling centers.

They are charged with stealing at least $ 75,000 in Housing and Urban
Development funds between 1983 and 1987 by billing the apartment complex for
transportation supposedly provided by the church and then pocketing most of the
payments.

In addition, Luger said the Flakes received as much as $ 2,000 a month for
housing expenses already paid directly by the church.

"Not only did he come to Queens to save souls but to . . . improve life in the
community," Newman said in his opening argument. "He did not have an accountant
or secretary traveling with him to record every dime he spent. . . .

"While he was meeting with people, while he was conferring with them. While he
was solving their problems," Newman continued, "nobody was sitting next to him
telling him what was taxable and what was not."

If convicted on all 17 counts, Flake could be sentenced to 87 years in prison
and fined as much as $ 3.95 million. His wife could face penalties of 55 years
in prison and as much as $ 2.1 million in fines.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FLOYD H. FLAKE

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 7, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

A CLINTON FRIEND ADMITS MAIL FRAUD AND TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 4;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1445 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 6


Webster L. Hubbell, a trusted friend of Bill Clinton and former law partner of
Hillary Rodham Clinton who became one of the nation's top law-enforcement
officials, admitted today that he stole at least $394,000 from his law partners
and more than a dozen clients, including the Federal Government, before he
arrived in Washington last year.

In a Federal district court here, Mr. Hubbell pleaded guilty to two felony
counts of mail fraud and tax evasion. His head bowed, he confirmed that on more
than 400 occasions he submitted bills to cover personal expenses from 1989 to
1992 and concealed the theft with phony expense vouchers and inflated accounts
of the hours he worked for clients.

Mr. Hubbell also failed to report the income to pay taxes on the money,
including on the tax return he filed last year for 1992 while serving as the
White House's liaison to the Justice Department.

Once referred to by Mr. Clinton as his closest friend, Mr. Hubbell spoke today
in a voice choking with emotion as he asked forgiveness for betraying the faith
of those who cared most for him.

"I want this court to know that I take full responsibility for my actions and
accept the full and complete consequences for them, which are substantial," he
said slowly and barely audibly, supported by his lawyer, John Nields, and
pausing regularly in a futile attempt to keep his composure.

"I know it is a painful day for my family and friends," Mr. Hubbell continued.
"I hope that by pleading guilty I've taken the first step of easing my friends
and family's pain, and only hope it will justify restoring their faith in me."

Outlining the case he was prepared to try against Mr. Hubbell, the prosecutor,
W. Hickman Ewing Jr., said Mr. Hubbell had systematically taken money from the
Rose law firm here, often by simply filling out expense vouchers and taking the
proceeds to pay off charges he had incurred on three American Express cards,
three Visa cards and four MasterCards. He said the expenses included such items
as clothing purchases in Dallas and at a Victoria's Secret store in Little Rock.

Mr. Ewing said investigators had found that the expenses he billed included more
than $26,000 at restaurants, which the prosecutors decided not to count as part
of the $394,000 total because they could not determine how much of the food
expenses were personal and how much were for business.

As part of the plea agreement, Mr. Hubbell pledged to provide "substantial
assistance" to the investigation being conducted by the Whitewater special
counsel, Kenneth W. Starr.

The charges against Mr. Hubbell are only tangentially related to the thrust of
Mr. Starr's inquiry, but the prosecutor's charter gives him the authority to act
on any crimes he learns of in the course of investigating the Whitewater real
estate venture. Some of Mr. Hubbell's fake billings were for work his law firm
was doing for Federal regulators looking into the failure of a savings
association, Madison Guaranty, owned by the Clintons' partner in the Whitewater
development project.

Mr. Hubbell, who resigned as Associate Attorney General in March after reports
emerged of a dispute with his former partners at the Rose firm here over his
billings, has yet to be debriefed by the Whitewater prosecutors.

What he intends to tell them remains shrouded in secrecy. That has fueled a
sense of anxiety at the White House and one of opportunity among Congressional
Republicans. It may be months before it becomes known whether he turns into a
significant witness for the prosecution, or is merely its highest ranking
casualty.

This evening, the White House released a written statement in which Mr. Clinton
expressed sadness about what had befallen his longtime golfing partner and
confidant.

"Webb Hubbell is an old friend, and Hillary and I were saddened by today's
events," Mr. Clinton said in the statement. "We should also remember that Webb
is a man who has given much to his family, his community and his country. The
matter is in the hands of the court, and I don't think it would be appropriate
to say anything more at this time."

David E. Kendall, the Clintons' personal lawyer, today tried to distance his
clients from Mr. Hubbell. "This matter simply does not concern the President,
the First Lady or the Whitewater Development Company in any way," Mr. Kendall
said.

On each count, Mr. Hubbell faces a maximum of five years in prison and a fine of
up to $250,000, although the range under the sentencing guidelines used by
judges that is in today's plea agreement is from 21 to 27 months.

That range may be increased if investigators find that he took more than
$394,000. And it can be decreased if he cooperates with the Whitewater
prosecutors, who under the plea agreement are required to request a reduction in
his sentence if in their judgment he provides "substantial assistance."

Mr. Starr said here today that he was looking forward to Mr. Hubbell's
cooperation.

For 15 years, Mr. Hubbell has been among the closest of the Clintons'
confidants. As Governor, Mr. Clinton appointed him to serve briefly as the Chief
Justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court, and later, he was enlisted to help draft
an ethics law. What makes Mr. Hubbell's agreement to assist prosecutors so
significant is that if he were so inclined, he is in a position to give an
insider's account of several areas being examined by Federal investigators.

For example, Mr. Hubbell was a partner with Mrs. Clinton at the Rose law firm in
the 1980's, and was the Clintons' spokesman during the Presidential campaign in
responding to questions about some of their business interests and personal
finances. He could provide information about how Mrs. Clinton came to be
retained by Madison Guaranty Savings and Loan to do work before a state
securities commissioner appointed by then-Governor Clinton.

Madison, which failed in 1989, had been owned and operated by the Clintons'
business partners in Whitewater, James B. McDougal and his then-wife, Susan. The
savings association is being investigated for improperly funneling money into
Whitewater and into Mr. Clinton's 1984 gubernatorial campaign.

And the Rose firm is being investigated over whether it failed to disclose
conflicts of interest who hired it to sue Madison's accountants after Madison
collapsed.

After the 1992 election, Mr. Hubbell was one of the transition's senior
officials responsible for vetting appointments to the Cabinet and other top
positions, and thus is in a position to know about many of the Administration's
closely held secrets.

Finally, Mr. Hubbell was at the Justice Department at the time it was handling
several highly sensitive referrals for criminal investigations made by Federal
regulators that touched on the Clintons.

Mr. Hubbell is certain to be questioned by the Whitewater prosecutors about how
the Justice Department handled the referrals that related to Madison, and about
how the department treated allegations by a former Arkansas municipal judge who
says he was pressured by Mr. Clinton to approve an improper federally insured
loan to Mrs. McDougal.

Mr. Hubbell becomes the highest ranking Justice Department official to stand
convicted of crimes since the fall during the Watergate scandal of Attorney
General Richard G. Kleindienst and Attorney General John Mitchell.

Under questioning by the Federal District Judge Bill Wilson, Mr. Hubbell said he
was under medication for high blood pressure, but that the drug had no effect on
his judgment.

"I am at myself," he said.

A few moments later, when the judge asked him to enter a plea, he paused, looked
down and said: "Your honor, I plead guilty."

Prosecutors listed the following clients of Mr. Hubbell's who received false
bills and phony expenses: the Resolution Trust Corporation, the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, Flintkote, the Environmental Systems Company, Money
Mortgage Inc., Champion Enterprises, American Cemetary Associates, Air Products,
Universal Underwriters, Worthen Bank, American Council of Life Insurance, Tyson
Foods Inc., Lovett & Foster Ltd., Sturgis Estate, Brickel Financial Services and
Central Texas Iron Works.

Although Mr. Hubbell's title made him the No. 3 official at the Justice
Department, in practice he was much more than that. Arriving in Washington
months before Janet Reno was nominated to lead the department, he took over the
office that is attached to the Attorney General's suite and was, for all
practical purposes, running the department. After she became Attorney General in
April 1993, he became her ally and helped to smooth her often turbulent
relationship with the White House.


NAME: Webster L. Hubbell

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Webster L. Hubbell, leaving the Federal courthouse after
pleading guilty to fraud and tax evasion. (Reuters)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 18, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Minister Pleads Guilty To Federal Charges

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 194 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla., March 17


The Rev. Henry J. Lyons pleaded guilty today to Federal counts of tax evasion
and fraud as part of a plea deal in which 49 other charges against him were
dismissed.

"Yes, sir, I am guilty of those counts," Mr. Lyons, the former president of the
National Baptist Convention U.S.A., told Judge Henry Lee Adams Jr. of Federal
District Court.

The minister pleaded guilty to one count of bank fraud, two counts of tax
evasion, one count of making false statements to a bank officer and one count of
making false statements to the Federal Government.

He had initially been charged with 54 counts, including money laundering and
extortion. The other charges were dismissed.

The Federal charges carry a total possible sentence of 75 years, but under
sentencing guidelines Mr. Lyons would face a lighter sentence.

Mr. Lyons entered the plea a day after he resigned as president of the
influential black church organization. Two weeks ago, he was convicted on state
charges of racketeering and grand theft for swindling millions from
corporations.

Mr. Lyons, 57, faces three to seven years in prison for those convictions when
he is sentenced on March 31.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Briefs: Driver Castroneves charged in U.S. tax case

BYLINE: staff and wire reports

LENGTH: 851 words


MIAMI -- Helio Castroneves, the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV "Dancing
With The Stars" champion, was indicted Thursday on tax evasion and tax fraud
charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in
income from the Internal Revenue Service.

The 33-year-old driver is charged with conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion
for purportedly failing to report to the IRS about $5.5 million in income
between 1999 and 2004, according to court documents. Each count carries a
maximum five-year prison sentence.

Also facing charges are Katiucia Castroneves, the driver's sister and business
manager, and attorney Alan R. Miller of Birmingham, Mich. All three are
scheduled to make court appearances today and it wasn't immediately clear if
they had hired defense lawyers. None were under arrest yesterday.

Baseball

o Colorado Rockies first baseman Todd Helton is expected to be ready for spring
training after undergoing surgery on his lower back.

o Boston pitcher Josh Beckett threw a side session yesterday during an off-day
in the Red Sox-Angels playoff series, and remains scheduled to start Game 3 on
Sunday in Boston.

o Tampa Bay closer Troy Percival was left off the Rays' roster for their AL
division series against the Chicago White Sox due to back tightness.

o General manager Omar Minaya was given a new contract that runs through 2012, a
deal that comes four days after the New York Mets were eliminated from
postseason contention in the last game of the season.

o The Royals shook up their on-field staff, firing hitting coach Mike Barnett
and third-base coach Luis Silverio. The four other coaches will return in some
role for manager Trey Hillman's second season in 2009.

Basketball

o California (Pa.), one of two NCAA Division II teams in the field, will face
Southern Illinois in the first round of the 2K Sports Classic to benefit Coaches
vs. Cancer, tourney that also features Duke, UCLA and Michigan.
Arkansas-Monticello is the other Division II team among the 16-team event, which
will begin Nov. 10-13 at four regional sites. The championship rounds will be
held Nov. 20-21 at Madison Square Garden in New York.

o A review of the NBA's officiating program has made recommendations for
significant changes, but found no evidence of illegal activity by any referees
other than Tim Donaghy. The report, conducted by former federal prosecutor
Lawrence Pedowitz, was issued yesterday. It called for the creation of a
"culture of compliance" and the closer monitoring of games for suspicious
activity.

Football

o Five district players are among the 164 semifinalists for the 2008 Draddy
Trophy, given to a player exhibiting academic success, football performance and
exemplary community leadership. Pitt's Conor Lee, Penn State's Gerald Cadogan
and West Virginia's Reed Williams, from NCAA Division I FBS; Youngstown State's
Brad Samsa, from NCAA Division I FCS; and Carnegie Mellon's Brian Freeman, from
NCAA Division III, are among the nominees.

Golf

In Verona, N.Y., American Jeff Overton overcame wet, windy and cold conditions
to shoot a 5-under-par 67 for a one-stroke lead after the first round of the PGA
Tour's Turning Stone Resort Championship. Sharing second place were Steve Allan
and Michael Allen with 68s.

o In Half Moon Bay, Calif., Ji-Yai Shin shot a 5-under 67 to take the first-day
lead in the LPGA Tour's Samsung World Championship, topping Paula Creamer's 68
that featured a birdie on 17 following a bogey on the previous hole. Lorena
Ochoa and Annika Sorenstam each missed tough birdie putts on 18 to finish among
five players at 69, two strokes off the lead.

Hockey

o Red Wings defenseman Chris Chelios will be sidelined 3-6 weeks with a
fractured shin bone.

o The New York Islanders signed first-round draft pick Josh Bailey to a
three-year, entry-level contract. Bailey was chosen with the ninth overall pick
this year.

o The Wheeling Nailers, the Penguins' East Coast Hockey League affiliate, will
open training camp today at WesBanco Arena in Wheeling, W.Va. The 14-day camp
includes a pair of preseason games against the Johnstown Chiefs, Oct. 10 at
WesBanco Arena and Oct. 11 at the Cambria County War Memorial Arena.

Olympics

o The U.S. Olympic Committee has elected Larry Probst as its new chairman, to
replace Peter Ueberroth on the board next month.

o Ticket sales start today for the 2010 Vancouver Olympics and aren't first
come, first served. Instead, they will be available for five weeks through an
online process designed to thwart scalpers trying to snap up tickets to the best
events.

Off the field

o Georgetown's scheduled football game Saturday at Colgate has been called off
because of an outbreak of norovirus at Georgetown. Nearly 150 Georgetown
students have been sickened by the virus in recent days, and several football
players have been exposed.

o ESPN is extending its presence in Europe and the Middle East with the
rebranding of a channel dedicated to American sports. North American Sports
Network, which was bought by the U.S. cable network last year, will become ESPN
America on Feb. 1, Super Bowl Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

FORMER PLAN TRUSTEE INDICTED FOR $1.1 MILLION EMBEZZLEMENT FROM A BANKRUPTCY
ESTATE AND TAX EVASION

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the southern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

A federal grand jury has charged Timothy Hock, 50, currently of Chicago,
Illinois, with embezzlement from a bankruptcy state and tax evasion in an
indictment returned in Dayton.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio,
Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS), and Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Cincinnati Field Division, announced the indictment
returned yesterday.

According to the indictment, Hock, who was a Certified Public Accountant, was
the controller for Domin-8 Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (Domin-8) when Domin-8
(and other related entities) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September 2009
in the Southern District of Ohio.  Domin-8 was a Mason, Ohio-based company that
provided software to companies that managed rental properties.

During the bankruptcy proceedings, Hock was initially appointed as the
"Responsible Person" for Domin-8 and later appointed the Plan Trustee. As the
Plan Trustee, Hock was responsible for handling the company's liquidation and
transfer of assets, completing claims reviews and making appropriate
distributions to various creditors of the company.

Hock allegedly used his position to embezzle money belonging to the bankruptcy
estate of Domin-8.  Specifically, the indictment alleges that between
approximately February 2010 and May 2013, Hock embezzled approximately $1.1
million.

Furthermore, the indictment alleges that Hock committed tax evasion on his 2011
federal income tax return by claiming that his taxable income for 2011 was
$0.00, when in actuality his taxable income for the year was $433,625.

Hock was charged with one count of embezzling property that belonged to a
bankruptcy estate, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 153, and one count of tax evasion
, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201.

Both crimes are punishable by up to 5 years imprisonment.

"Fraud and dishonesty in bankruptcy proceedings undermines the integrity of
these important proceedings and especially hurts those creditors who can
ill-afford to take a loss on legitimate debts," said Kathy A. Enstrom, Special
Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.
"Embezzling funds belonging to a bankruptcy estate and not paying taxes is a
gross violation of civic duty and deserves the punishment handed down today."

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative law enforcement investigation,
as well as Assistant United States Attorney Alex R. Sistla, who is prosecuting
the case.

An indictment merely contains allegations, and the defendant is presumed
innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          September 26, 2007 Wednesday

Modeling agency owners charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Jason Cato

LENGTH: 404 words


A Fox Chapel couple dogged for years by customers accusing them of running a
modeling agency scam were charged Tuesday in federal court with income tax
evasion and other offenses.

Prosecutors say Samuel J. Manfredi and his wife, Marilyn T. Manfredi, used 205
accounts at 25 area banks to hide cash collected from 1998 to 2004 through
Aquarian Associates, their model-search business. The 18-page indictment
describes the couple carefully making deposits and withdrawals in amounts less
than $10,000 to avoid filing currency transaction reports with the federal
government.

The Manfredis are charged with five counts of conspiracy, income tax evasion and
structuring currency transactions. Sam Manfredi also is charged with three
additional counts of filing false tax returns.

A message left for the Manfredis at their Penn Hills business was not returned.

Internal Revenue Service investigators said the Manfredis claimed to have
jointly earned $801,703 from 2002 to 2004, when they really earned $1.32
million. The government claims the couple owes $190,000 in back taxes.

In April 2000, the Manfredis went to 17 U.S. post offices around Pittsburgh and
bought 86 money orders worth $50,000 payable to Bobby Rahal Motorcar Co. --
along with $8,800 in cash -- for the purchase of a new Mercedes Benz, according
to the indictment.

In 2002, Marilyn Manfredi bought $6,300 in money orders from post offices in
Norwood, Mass., payable to herself and her husband, the indictment states.

Aquarian Associates hosts events across the country, inviting children, teens
and their parents to free casting calls. Attendees are extended an offer to pay
to attend the "Great American Model & Talent Search" in Pittsburgh.

News outlets from Washington to Texas to Charlotte, N.C., have written articles
in recent years quoting critical customers accusing the company of running a
scam, sometimes asking for as much as $500 up front to attend the Pittsburgh
event.

Sam Manfredi is quoted in some of the articles saying that he never promises to
make a kid famous or to even get them a job, but only to connect them with
talent agents in the industry.

"We are here to make a profit," Sam Manfredi was quoted as saying in a 2005
story in the Tri-City (Wash.) Herald. "We provide a forum of exposure. We don't
guarantee they are going to be stars."

The Manfredis are scheduled to be arraigned Oct. 18 before U.S. Magistrate Judge
Lisa P. Lenihan.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 12, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Jury Convicts An Evangelist Of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 30;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS, June 11


The evangelist Tony Alamo has been convicted of tax evasion and jailed after
prosecutors said that he was a risk to flee as well as a polygamist who had
preyed on married women and girls in his congregation.

A Federal District Court jury convicted Mr. Alamo this week of understating his
personal income in 1985 and failing to file tax returns from 1986 to 1988. The
charges carry a maximum prison term of six years and fines totaling $550,000.

Judge Jon McCalla ordered Mr. Alamo jailed pending sentencing on Aug. 26, citing
concern over "the very great control Mr. Alamo has over a number of people."

Mr. Alamo, 59, formed a ministry for drug abusers and the homeless more than 20
years ago that eventually grew into a multimillion-dollar enterprise with a
string of businesses, primarily in Arkansas, Tennessee and California. The
prosecutor, Christopher Belcher, said the businesses had earned more than $9
million over four years.

Mr. Alamo argued that he owed no taxes because he had no salary. He said the
businesses financed his Christian ministry and the church simply supported him
as its spiritual leader. He has declined to say how many members his church has.

After the verdict, Mr. Belcher requested Mr. Alamo's immediate imprisonment. He
said that Mr. Alamo might flee and that he posed a threat to his followers.

Federal officials said Mr. Alamo had married eight of his followers since early
1993, including girls who were 15 years old and women who already had husbands.

"He threw the husbands out of the church and took the wives," Mr. Belcher said.
One of the teen-agers was told that unless she married Mr. Alamo her family
would be expelled from the church, Mr. Belcher said.

Since the trial was on tax charges, the jury did not hear testimony on the
prosecutor's allegations that Mr. Alamo had violated sex and polygamy laws. Mr.
Belcher said such offenses would fall under laws against statutory rape in
Tennessee and Arkansas.

Mr. Alamo's lawyer, Jeffrey Dickstein, argued that accusations of polygamy were
no reason to jail Mr. Alamo before sentencing. He said he planned to appeal the
conviction.

Mr. Alamo, who has filed for bankruptcy in Arkansas, also faces a state child
abuse charge in California, where he is accused of directing the beating of a
church member's 11-year-old son.

Mr. Alamo's church and its businesses once operated out of a compound near Alma,
Ark. The Holy Alamo Christian Church is now based in Canyon Country, Calif.

NAME: Tony Alamo

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Erie lawyer Lucas to be sentenced today in tax-evasion case

BYLINE: Lisa Thompson, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


Jan. 06--Erie lawyer Tim Lucas is scheduled to be sentenced this afternoon in
federal court in Pittsburgh on charges that he failed to pay more than $300,000
in income taxes over 10 years.

Lucas, 63, pleaded guilty to one felony count of tax evasion in August. The
charge carries a sentence of up to five years in prison, although Lucas' lawyer,
Elliot Segel, has asked the court to consider probation for Lucas. Segel said
Lucas is remorseful for his conduct and has a compelling history of service to
both his family and his community.

The plea marked the second time Lucas, a high-profile Erie litigator, has
pleaded guilty to tax evasion.

He served three months in federal prison in 1993 after he pleaded guilty to a
misdemeanor of willful failure to file a timely income tax return.

Lucas, who practiced alone at 313 French St., closed his practice after the
government filed its charge in June.

The state Supreme Court suspended his license in December.

The Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation conducted the investigation
that led to the prosecution.

Return to GoErie.com for updates. See Friday's Erie Times-News for more
coverage.

To see more of the Erie Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.GoErie.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Erie Times-News, Pa. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110106-EI-BRF-Erie-lawyer-Lucas-to-be-sentenced-today-in-tax-evasion
-case-0106-20110106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2011 Erie Times-News


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              December 28, 1991, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Italian financier arrested at airport on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Reuter

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: ROME


   ROME (Reuter) - Giancarlo Parretti, the flamboyant Italian financier who
wants to be a Hollywood movie mogul, was arrested by Italian police yesterday on
charges of tax evasion.

Parretti, 50, who is fighting to retain control of the U.S. media group Pathe
Communications Corp., was arrested at Rome's Ciampino airport as he was waiting
to board a plane for Tunisia.

Finance police told Reuters he was charged with tax evasion and criminal
association. He was whisked off to Sicily, where magistrates are investigating
his ties to several local companies.

Earlier this month, a prosecutor recommended that Parretti and his wife, Maria
Cecconi, stand trial for 121 billion lire ($105 million U.S.) in tax evasion in
Italy.

The Italian news agency Ansa said the tax evasion was related to one of
Parretti's Italian companies, Finpart, based near Rome, and its ties with
several Sicilian companies.

Last March, a Naples court sentenced Parretti in absentia to four years in jail
on fraudulent bankruptcy charges related to a newspaper chain that collapsed in
1981.

Parretti described the charges as "a joke" and appealed.

Parretti, a one-time waiter and the son of an olive merchant, is best known for
his controversial takeover last year of the Hollywood studio MGM/UA
Communications Co. and his fight to keep it.

He bought the studio for $1.3 billion in November, 1990, and stepped down as
chairman a few months later amid allegations by his bankers, Credit Lyonnais
Bank Nederland, that he had brought the company to the brink of bankruptcy.

His style never endeared him to members of the Hollywood film community, some of
whom charged him with making anti- Semitic remarks. He denied the charges.

Earlier this year, with MGM-Pathe, a unit of Pathe Communications, on the brink
of bankruptcy and besieged by creditors, Credit Lyonnais agreed to extend the
studio more operating funds if Parretti stepped down.

He was succeeded by film producer Alan Ladd Jr., but later moved to reassert
control.

Before he took over MGM/UA, Parretti, who had holdings in Italy and several
other European countries, bought the Cannon Group film studio of Los Angeles and
a French cinema chain.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Giancarlo ParrettiItaly; tax; evasion; charge

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            January 16, 2009 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE AREA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 306 words


Businessman is found guilty of tax evasion

An Augusta businessman was convicted of income tax evasion Thursday.

A federal court jury convicted Ramon Aguirre of four counts of income tax
evasion, according to a release from U.S. Attorney Edmund A. Booth Jr.'s office.

The release states that Mr. Aguirre concealed income on his tax returns for 2001
through 2004. His businesses include Rabel General Services and New Era Tax
Services.

Mystery remains in Aiken man's death

Authorities in Michigan say it's unclear whether the November deaths of two
college students - one who was from Aiken - were accidental.

The Muskegon Chronicle reported a medical examiner has listed as "undetermined"
the manner of death for Amber Rose Brown, 20, of Montague, Mich., and Douglas
William Ward, 26.

The Grand Valley State University students were found dead Nov. 19 in a car in a
wooded area. Carbon monoxide fumes from two charcoal grills in the vehicle were
suspected in their deaths.

Man faces charges in kidnapping, drug theft

A Hephzibah man was arrested on kidnapping charges after police say he illegally
obtained prescription drugs from two North Augusta pharmacies and brandished a
knife to force a man who had given him a ride to flee from police. Tyrone Lamont
Ancrum, 41, of the 3900 block of Wexford Court, is charged with kidnapping and
obtaining prescription drugs by fraud.

Toddler wanders from home into gas station

A 3-year-old boy wandered from his home on Wrightsboro Road while his parents
were sleeping Wednesday afternoon, authorities said.

The boy walked alone into the Smile Gas Station at Wrightsboro Road and Highland
Avenue, according to a Richmond County sheriff's report. Authorities found the
child's home a short distance away and returned him.

A report was made to the Department of Family and Children Services.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: area briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 3, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled by Marsha Sanguinette Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 493 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Graf's Father Arrested; Tax Evasion Suspected

Steffi Graf's father, Peter, was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of tax evasion,
said state prosecutors in Frankfurt, Germany.

The arrest warrant said Mr. Graf, who is his daughter's manager, did not file a
tax return for four years, and when he did, on estimated income of $ 25 million,
he paid only one-fifth of that income in taxes. In Germany, a 50 percent tax
rate would be more normal in that income bracket.

German newspapers reported last month that the tennis player and her father were
under investigation by tax inspectors. Graf's fortune from her 13-year tennis
career is estimated at $ 70 million. MISCELLANEOUS Ferguson, 45, Signs With CFL

 Former National Football League quarterback Joe Ferguson, 45, has signed with
the San Antonio Texans of the Canadian Football League.

Ferguson, the oldest player in the league, may play Saturday against Memphis in
the Alamodome. A decision on whether to place him on the active roster will be
made by Friday.

George Blanda is the oldest quarterback in pro football history. He played 26
seasons and retired before the 1975 season at age 48.

Ferguson is a football commentator for the University of Arkansas, where he
starred.

Former Wisconsin basketball star Rashard Griffith, a 6-foot-11 center, said he
would play next season in Turkey instead of with the National Basketball
Association's Milwaukee Bucks.

Griffith, the Bucks' second-round draft choice, told Milwaukee television
station WTMJ from his home in Chicago that he decided to play overseas because
he would get more playing time and earn more money than as an NBA rookie.

Griffith said he would earn in the high six figures, which he said would make
him the highest-paid player ever in Turkey.

Riley Washington, a Nebraska football player, was jailed Wednesday night on
suspicion of attempted murder after a shooting incident at a convenience store
in Lincoln, Neb. Police said Washington, a 22-year-old junior receiver from
Chula Vista, Calif., is accused of shooting 22-year-old Jermaine Cole outside a
convenience store Tuesday night.

Scott Moore of Collinsville shot 2-under-par 68 and is 2 shots off the lead
after the second round at the American Junior Golf Association boys championship
in Irving, Texas. At 141, Moore trails leader Edward Loar of Rockwall, Texas,
(68-71-139) at the Four Seasons Resort and Club Tournament Players course.
Phillip Caravia of Belleville is at 73-71-144. The New York Rangers signed free
agent right wing Wayne Presley from the Buffalo Sabres. Presley, 30, scored 14
goals and added five assists in 46 games last season. Presley is third on the
Sabres' career list for short-handed scoring with 11 goals.

Kevin Stevens, a high-scoring left wing for Pittsburgh, was traded to the Boston
Bruins.

In exchange for Stevens and center Shawn McEachern, the Penguins will get center
Bryan Smolinski and right wing Glen Murray.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Jailhouse Rock: Tennis star STEFFI GRAF poses with her
father, PETER, at the Wimbledon ball in 1992. Peter Graf was arrested Wednesday
on suspicion of tax evasion.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Senators take on offshore tax evasion under the mantra, every billion counts;
The CEO of Credit Suisse, Switzerland's second-largest bank, will appear at a
tax evasion hearing by a Senate subcommittee Wednesday, following an
investigation by the panel.

BYLINE: Francine Kiefer Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 634 words


When the CEO of Switzerland's second-largest bank appears before a Senate
hearing on offshore tax evasion Wednesday, what Sen. Carl Levin (D) of Michigan
wants is names. Or at least a way to get the names of thousands of American tax
dodgers who reportedly hid billions of dollars with the bank, Credit Suisse.

Only with the names can the US Internal Revenue Service hope to get what it's
owed. And when lawmakers are looking under every rock for budget purposes, every
billion counts. "Budget realities and simple justice require that tax cheats
must come clean and pony up or face the consequences," said Senator Levin, who
chairs the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, at a press conference
Tuesday.

Five years ago, a similar hearing held by the subcommittee featured a senior
official from Switzerland's largest bank, UBS AG. At the hearing, UBS
acknowledged it helped facilitate US tax evasion, apologized, and promised to
end it. Later, it reached an agreement with the Department of Justice to pay a
$780 million fine and - more important - turn over 4,700 accounts with US client
names that had not been reported to the IRS.

The IRS then offered an amnesty that brought in $6 billion in back taxes,
interest, and penalties. As Levin pointed out Tuesday, just recently lawmakers
struggled to find funds to restore $6 billion in cuts to veterans' retirement
benefits.

As of 2011, the United States was being deprived of an estimated $337 billion in
potential revenue because of offshore tax-haven practices, said Sen. John McCain
(R) of Arizona, the senior minority member of the subcommittee, who was also at
the Tuesday press conference.

At Wednesday's hearing, the subcommittee will draw on its investigation of
Credit Suisse, detailed in a bipartisan report. The findings show that as of
2006, the bank had more than 22,000 US customers whose assets, at their peak,
totaled $10 billion to $12 billion. "The data suggests the vast majority were
undeclared," according to the report. But, as Levin bitterly complained, the US
has been able to get the names of only 230 of the US clients.

The report outlines the extent to which Credit Suisse allegedly helped US
clients conceal their Swiss accounts from US authorities. That included sending
Swiss bankers to the US to meet face to face with clients to avoid a paper
trail, handing a customer bank statements hidden in a Sports Illustrated
magazine, passing clients on to intermediaries to set up shell entities, and
conveniently providing them a full-service branch office at the Zurich Airport.

Since the UBS case in 2009, "significant progress has been made in the effort to
combat offshore tax abuses," according to the Senate subcommittee's report.
World leaders have made commitments to reduce evasion, and Congress passed the
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, which requires foreign banks to either
disclose their US customer accounts on an annual basis or pay a 30 percent tax
on their US investment income.

But the report also faults loopholes in that act, as well as lax enforcement by
both Swiss and US authorities. Switzerland continues to "severely restrict" the
ability of Swiss banks to disclose the names of US customers, while the US has
not sufficiently tried to pin down those identities. It suggests that American
authorities use tools they already have, such as grand-jury subpoenas and
summonses. It also urges much more vigorous prosecution of individuals and
banks.

As for Credit Suisse, the bank launched its own internal review and has reduced
the number of US customers to about 3,500. Reportedly, Credit Suisse is in
settlement talks with the Justice Department concerning a fine of $800 million.
But as Senator McCain was quick to point out: "No individuals are being held
responsible. Individuals should be identified."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

FORMER PLAN TRUSTEE INDICTED FOR $1.1 MILLION EMBEZZLEMENT FROM A BANKRUPTCY
ESTATE AND TAX EVASION

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the southern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

A federal grand jury has charged Timothy Hock, 50, currently of Chicago,
Illinois, with embezzlement from a bankruptcy state and tax evasion in an
indictment returned in Dayton.

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio,
Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS), and Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Cincinnati Field Division, announced the indictment
returned yesterday.

According to the indictment, Hock, who was a Certified Public Accountant, was
the controller for Domin-8 Enterprise Solutions, Inc. (Domin-8) when Domin-8
(and other related entities) filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September 2009
in the Southern District of Ohio.  Domin-8 was a Mason, Ohio-based company that
provided software to companies that managed rental properties.

During the bankruptcy proceedings, Hock was initially appointed as the
"Responsible Person" for Domin-8 and later appointed the Plan Trustee. As the
Plan Trustee, Hock was responsible for handling the company's liquidation and
transfer of assets, completing claims reviews and making appropriate
distributions to various creditors of the company.

Hock allegedly used his position to embezzle money belonging to the bankruptcy
estate of Domin-8.  Specifically, the indictment alleges that between
approximately February 2010 and May 2013, Hock embezzled approximately $1.1
million.

Furthermore, the indictment alleges that Hock committed tax evasion on his 2011
federal income tax return by claiming that his taxable income for 2011 was
$0.00, when in actuality his taxable income for the year was $433,625.

Hock was charged with one count of embezzling property that belonged to a
bankruptcy estate, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 153, and one count of tax evasion
, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201.

Both crimes are punishable by up to 5 years imprisonment.

"Fraud and dishonesty in bankruptcy proceedings undermines the integrity of
these important proceedings and especially hurts those creditors who can
ill-afford to take a loss on legitimate debts," said Kathy A. Enstrom, Special
Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.
"Embezzling funds belonging to a bankruptcy estate and not paying taxes is a
gross violation of civic duty and deserves the punishment handed down today."

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative law enforcement investigation,
as well as Assistant United States Attorney Alex R. Sistla, who is prosecuting
the case.

An indictment merely contains allegations, and the defendant is presumed
innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 1, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FRIEND OF CLINTON INDICTED A 2D TIME; TAX SCHEME CITED

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1343 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 30


Webster L. Hubbell, the longtime confidant of President Clinton and former law
partner of Hillary Rodham Clinton, was indicted today on charges of tax evasion
that included failure to pay taxes and penalties of more than $850,000 over the
past four years.

Much of the taxes were owed on embezzled money and hundreds of thousands of
dollars in income steered to him by friends of the Clintons, prosecutors say,
while they were seeking information from Mr. Hubbell about the President and his
wife.

The 10-count indictment on charges of conspiracy, tax evasion and mail fraud
accused Mr. Hubbell and his wife, Suzanna, of taking part in a scheme in which
they earned more than $1 million and spent more than $750,000 but took steps to
conceal their income from tax collectors. It also charged that two Arkansas
advisers to the Hubbell family, Michael Schaufele, an accountant, and Charles C.
Owen, a lawyer, had played important roles in a conspiracy to evade taxes.

The charges today were the second time that the Whitewater independent counsel
has made a criminal case against Mr. Hubbell, a former Associate Attorney
General who served nearly 17 months in prison after pleading guilty to tax
evasion in 1994, and presented a new political embarrassment to the Clintons,
old friends who first met Mr. Hubbell when they took the Arkansas bar
examination together more than a generation ago.

The charges also suggested that some money Mr. Hubbell received in 1994 might
have been to discourage him from being more candid with investigators.
Prosecutors said Mr. Hubbell did "little or no work" for the money.

As a legal matter, however, the indictment is in one sense a hopeful sign for
the Clintons. It shows that investigators could not reach an agreement with Mr.
Hubbell, and that therefore he is either unable or unwilling to provide
incriminating evidence about the Clintons.

Mr. Hubbell said that he would vigorously contest the charges and that the only
reason they were filed against him, his wife and his two friends was to pressure
him into making false and incriminating statements about the Clintons.

"They think by indicting my wife and my friends that I will lie about the
President and the First Lady," Mr. Hubbell told reporters in front of his home
here tonight. "I will not do so. I want you to know that the office of
independent counsel can indict my dog, they can indict my cat, but I'm not going
to lie about the President. I'm not going to lie about the First Lady or anyone
else. My wife and I are innocent of the charges that have been brought today."

Mr. Schaufele and Mr. Owen also said they believed that the charges were
politically motivated and said they would fight them.

Investigators have long been interested in reaching a deal with Mr. Hubbell
because of his extensive knowledge of the inner workings of the White House and
about the Clintons' ties to James B. McDougal, the operator of a corrupt savings
association in the 1980's. As early as 1992, when questions arose in Mr.
Clinton's first Presidential campaign about the couple's ties to Mr. McDougal,
campaign officials were unable to gain clear answers from Mr. Hubbell about what
he knew of those ties, according to campaign papers that have since become
public.

This evening the White House issued a statement expressing sympathy for the
Hubbells and the two other defendants.

"The President and First Lady are very saddened by the developments in this
matter and feel bad for Webb and Suzy Hubbell, Mike Schaufele, Charlie Owen and
all of their families," said the statement.

The indictment is the product of a yearlong investigation into the income Mr.
Hubbell received from the time he resigned from the Justice Department in April
1994 until the end of that year, when he pleaded guilty to two felony counts of
mail fraud and tax evasion in the theft of $400,000 from his former clients and
law partners. Some of the taxes Mr. Hubbell is accused of evading are due on the
money he admitted stealing in the earlier case.

The indictment said that from 1994 to 1997 the Hubbells earned more than $1
million, but paid only $29,938 to meet back tax obligations of $894,000. Over
the same period, the indictment said, the couple spent more than $750,000 on
personal items like clothing, other accessories and private school for their
children.

The indictment also described a series of schemes the Hubbells were accused of
undertaking to conceal income from tax collectors and avoid making payments,
despite repeated notices from the Internal Revenue Service and a tax lien put on
their Washington home.

Much of the income Mr. Hubbell received in 1994 came from contracts arranged by
close friends and supporters of the Clintons, suggesting to investigators that
Mr. Hubbell may have been given money to discourage him from cooperating with
the Whitewater independent counsel's office.

The income Mr. Hubbell received in 1994 included $100,000 from a company
controlled by the Riadys, the wealthy Indonesian family that has long been close
to Mr. Clinton, and $62,775 from Revlon in a job arranged by Vernon E. Jordan,
another close friend of Mr. Clinton. Mr. Jordan also helped to arrange a Revlon
job for Monica S. Lewinsky, the former White House intern whose relationship
with Mr. Clinton is under investigation by Mr. Starr. The job offer was
withdrawn when that investigation became public.

Although Mr. Hubbell earned $450,000 in 1994 for his consulting business after
leaving the Justice Department, the indictment said, he reported only $376,075
and made no tax payments at the time.

While there was no specific criminal charge that Mr. Hubbell was given money to
discourage him from cooperating with investigators, the indictment strongly
hinted that investigators believe he was.

It said that Mr. Hubbell performed "little or no work" for some of the payments
he received while he was first under a criminal investigation in 1994. It also
noted that after a March 1994 meeting at the White House to discuss whether Mr.
Hubbell should resign as Associate Attorney General, "one or more individuals
suggested that efforts be taken to assist Webster L. Hubbell in obtaining work."

Mr. Hubbell has denied that the money he received in 1994 played any role in his
dealings with investigators, and has said he has told them everything he knows.

The Hubbells also apparently amended their 1994 tax returns and acknowledged an
additional $77,000 in income only after the independent counsel subpoenaed his
tax records.

Mr. Hubbell's lawyers said the money that the couple spent from 1994 to 1997 was
used primarily to pay down a debt that consisted of credit card bills and debts
to his former law firm and other creditors.

The indictment contained nine charges against Mr. Hubbell and Mr. Schaufele; and
eight charges against Mrs. Hubbell and Mr. Owen. The penalties for convictions
on each counts ranges from three to five years in prison and fines of up to
$250,000.

When Mr. Hubbell was in prison, the institution recorded telephone conversations
between him and his wife in which he said he would not fight the Rose law firm
because it might harm Mrs. Clinton, who was a partner in the firm. The
conversations, recorded as part of routine prison operations, were released
tonight by the House Government Reform and Oversight Committee.

In a March 1996 conversation, Mrs. Hubbell told her husband that she was afraid
she would lose her job at the Interior Department if he filed a lawsuit against
the Rose Law Firm.

"Webb, I've got to keep this job, I have to have the support ... of my friends
at the White House," Mrs. Hubbell said. "By suing it really makes it look like
you really don't give a (expletive) and that you are opening Hillary up to all
this."

Mr. Hubbell reassured his wife, saying, "I will not raise those allegations that
might open it up to Hillary." When Mrs. Hubbell said she feared she would face a
"squeeze play" if he sued, Mr. Hubbell replied, "So I need to roll over one more
time."

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: "They think by indicting my wife and my friends that I will lie
about the President," Webster Hubbell, with his wife, Suzanna, said. "I will
not." (Associated Press)(pg. A22)

Chart: CHRONOLOGY: The Hubbell File

Following are important situations and events for Webster L. Hubbell:
1973-1992 Worked for the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock, Ark., eventually becoming
a partner.
January 1993 Confirmed as Associate United States Attorney General.
April 1994 Resigned from the Justice Department.
Dec. 6, 1994 Pleaded guilty to tax evasion for 1992 and mail fraud involving
billing at the Rose Law Firm from 1989 to 1992.
August 1995 Entered the Federal Correctional Institution in Cumberland, Md. to
begin serving a 21-month sentence.
February 1997 Released from a halfway house.
April 1998 Indicted on 10 counts, including tax evasion, mail fraud, conspiracy
to evade tax laws. (pg. A22)

TYPE: Chronology

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday

South Bay tax evasion scam lands luxury car buyer in prison

BYLINE: By Mike Rosenberg mrosenberg@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 171 words


A South Bay white collar criminal will spend 30 months in prison after pleading
guilty to tax evasion, authorities said Tuesday.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said Gary Linn Packer, 51, did not report $8.8
million in stock earnings to the IRS after liquidating shares from his former
company, Sunnyvale-based Network Appliance, in 2000. He was supposed to pay the
IRS $1.8 million in taxes from the stock earnings, but concealed the profits in
trusts and by using false identification numbers.

That year, Packer moved from San Jose and bought a $1.2 million home in Morgan
Hill using a trust that was not registered with the IRS. He also used cash to
buy an Audi TT, BMW X5 and Volkswagen Cabriolet, and a condo in Nashville, Tenn.

Most recently living in Wyoming, Packer pleaded guilty to one count of tax
evasion in a San Jose court in November. On Monday, he was sentenced to 30
months on prison, followed by three years of supervised release, and ordered to
pay $1.8 million in restitution.

Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 7, 2012 Wednesday

South Bay tax evasion scam lands luxury car buyer in prison

BYLINE: By Mike Rosenberg mrosenberg@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 171 words


A South Bay white collar criminal will spend 30 months in prison after pleading
guilty to tax evasion, authorities said Tuesday.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said Gary Linn Packer, 51, did not report $8.8
million in stock earnings to the IRS after liquidating shares from his former
company, Sunnyvale-based Network Appliance, in 2000. He was supposed to pay the
IRS $1.8 million in taxes from the stock earnings, but concealed the profits in
trusts and by using false identification numbers.

That year, Packer moved from San Jose and bought a $1.2 million home in Morgan
Hill using a trust that was not registered with the IRS. He also used cash to
buy an Audi TT, BMW X5 and Volkswagen Cabriolet, and a condo in Nashville, Tenn.

Most recently living in Wyoming, Packer pleaded guilty to one count of tax
evasion in a San Jose court in November. On Monday, he was sentenced to 30
months on prison, followed by three years of supervised release, and ordered to
pay $1.8 million in restitution.

Contact Mike Rosenberg at 408-920-5705.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 25, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

Hahn's Ex-Pastor Pleads Guilty;
Profeta to Be Sentenced On Tax Evasion Charges

BYLINE: Art Harris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 642 words


With Jessica Hahn waiting in the wings to testify against him, Hahn's former
pastor pleaded guilty yesterday in Albany to New York state income tax evasion
and witness tampering.

The guilty pleas by Eugene Profeta came just as the case against him was heading
toward a jury trial. Profeta had originally been charged with 18 counts of tax
evasion, perjury and witness tampering.

Profeta, 52, had been Hahn's spiritual counselor on Long Island when the sex
scandal unfolded that rocked televangelism and toppled Jim Bakker's $ 129
million PTL empire. The guilty plea came amid revelations that Hahn had spent a
portion of her PTL hush money to support a cocaine habit.

A colorful Long Island evangelist who packs a pistol, drives a Cadillac and
wears a mink coat -- a gift from his flock -- Profeta admitted to filing a false
1986 tax return and attempting to influence Hahn's grand jury testimony about
his misuse of Full Gospel Tabernacle church funds.

Under an agreement with the New York state attorney general, he will be
sentenced on March 7 to six months in jail and five years' probation, fined $
5,000 and ordered to pay $ 13,000 in back taxes. Tax evasion charges against his
wife Glenda will be dropped.

"This case shows the First Amendment doesn't protect unscrupulous pastors,
[that] it's not a shield for criminals," said Peter Crusco, an assistant New
York state attorney general, in a telephone interview. Asked whether the plea
might foreshadow the outcome of the federal prosecution of Bakker and other PTL
officials in North Carolina, he said, "I predict a domino effect."

In a press release, New York Attorney General Robert Abrams called even the
six-month prison term for state income tax evasion "highly unusual," adding that
"in this case, Reverend Profeta's abuse of his religious organization for
personal gain and his attempt to pressure Jessica Hahn to lie before the grand
jury makes this an appropriate sentence."

As part of the deal, Profeta was ordered not to have any contact with Hahn, his
former church secretary.

The pleas ended an evidence suppression hearing underway yesterday to determine
if transcripts of taped telephone conversations between Profeta and Hahn, made
with her consent, could be used at the trial.

Profeta, his wife and attorneys left quickly and could not be reached for
comment.

On Monday, New York state investigator Richard Friedman testified that Hahn told
him she once had a cocaine habit and had received $ 12,000 in initial "hush
money" from PTL in what "sounded like extortion." Hahn got the money, Friedman
said she told him, after a friend wrote PTL in her behalf demanding $ 100,000 to
keep silent about her sexual encounter with Bakker. After the $ 12,000 payment,
Hahn allegedly told Friedman, she spent $ 7,000 on cocaine. PTL eventually paid
Hahn and her advisers $ 265,000 to keep silent.

Yesterday, court reporters met with Hahn, who was dressed in a white wool suit
with pearls on the jacket cuffs.

"I experimented with cocaine," she told them. "It was a hard time in my life ...
People go through that. I'm not using anything now. This was just a three-month
period in my life."

Asked about Bakker and others at PTL, she said, "These are men who are on the
telephone saying, 'They're God and you're not.' You're angry, you want to hurt
them. The only way you can hurt these people is financially."

Prosecutors were prepared to call witnesses who had seen Profeta and his former
church secretary gambling at blackjack tables in Atlantic City. Hahn has said
she sought refuge with Profeta after the Bakker sex episode, and that soon
afterward she became his mistress. Sources close to the case say the minister
bought furs, jewels and clothes for Hahn, and made the down payment on her car.

Hahn later won immunity as a state witness against Profeta.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

Raeford woman sentenced for tax evasion, embezzlement

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Dec. 17--A Raeford woman has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and embezzlement.

Mary Covington, 40, of the 200 block of Falling Leaf Drive, pleaded guilty
Wednesday in Wake County Superior Court to one count of embezzlement of state
property and two counts of attempting to evade or defeat tax, according to the
state Department of Revenue.

Covington received a suspended sentence of between one year, one month and one
year, four months in prison, according to a news release. She was placed on
house arrest for 60 days, given three years' probation and 100 hours of
community service.

She must pay $118,175.89 restitution and a $5,000 fine. Covington paid $30,000
on the day of court and was ordered to pay the remainder by Jan. 15, the release
stated.

A Department of Revenue investigation found that Covington embezzled $75,709 in
state withholding tax while president of New Beginningz Inc., a home care
agency, in 2008 and 2009; and evaded $28,311.25 in state sales taxes and
$14,155.63 in Hoke County sales taxes between Oct. 1, 2006, and May 31, 2009,
while vice president of New Beginningz Inc. and Furniture Etc. Inc. Both
businesses are in Raeford, according to the release.

The charges against Covington resulted from an investigation by the department's
Fayetteville examination office and the Raleigh criminal investigations office,
the release stated.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101217-FY-Raeford-woman-sentenced-for-tax-evasion
-embezzlement-1217-20101217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 16, 2010 Thursday

Raeford woman sentenced for tax evasion, embezzlement

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Dec. 16--A Raeford woman has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and embezzlement.

Mary Covington, 40, of the 200 block of Falling Leaf Drive, pleaded guilty
Wednesday in Wake County Superior Court to one count of embezzlement of state
property and two counts of attempting to evade or defeat tax, according to the
state Department of Revenue.

Covington received a suspended sentence of between one year, one month and one
year, four months in prison, according to a news release. She was placed on
house arrest for 60 days, given three years' probation and 100 hours of
community service. She must pay $118,175.89 restitution and a $5,000 fine.
Covington paid $30,000 on the day of court and was ordered to pay the remainder
by Jan. 15, the release stated.

A Department of Revenue investigation found that Covington embezzled $75,709 in
state withholding tax while president of New Beginningz Inc., a home care
agency, in 2008 and 2009; and evaded $28,311.25 in state sales taxes and
$14,155.63 in Hoke County sales taxes between Oct. 1, 2006, and May 31, 2009,
while vice president of New Beginningz Inc. and Furniture Etc. Inc. Both
businesses are in Raeford, according to the release.

The charges against Covington resulted from an investigation by the department's
Fayetteville examination office and the Raleigh criminal investigations office,
the release stated.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101216-FY-Raeford-woman-sentenced-for-tax-evasion
-embezzlement-1216-20101216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    March 19, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

B.C. pair sentenced in tax evasion case

BYLINE: SUN NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1 / Front

LENGTH: 448 words


Two brothers charged with 20 counts each of evading federal income tax were
sentenced Tuesday to two years less a day and their company fined more than $ 9
million in a case going back to the 1980s.

Bill Rogers of Vancouver and Ken Rogers of Kelowna, both formerly of Calgary,
pleaded guilty last month in provincial court.

Their company, Auramet International Ltd., was fined $ 9,239,895.04, the largest
fine for tax evasion in Canadian history. Revenue Canada levied a total of $ 11
million in tax fines across Canada last year.

Revenue Canada official Gordon Luchia could not say whether Auramet has assets
to pay the fine, but he said it is still an operating company.

Ken Rogers was arrested by U.S. marshals in Salt Lake City, Utah, in November
1994 and escorted to Canada after deciding against fighting extradition
proceedings.

Luchia said Bill Rogers and colleague John Picken also subsequently surrendered
to Canadian authorities. Picken pleaded guilty a year ago in an Edmonton court
and was sentenced to two years less a day.

A Revenue Canada investigation found that the Rogers promoted the sale of units
in limited partnerships during 1986 and 1987 through Auramet. The men were
directors of the company, which operated in British Columbia and Alberta, said
Revenue Canada.

Under the scheme, one of the largest tax evasion investigations in Canadian
history, investors were encouraged to pay $ 750 to $ 2,000 to buy a unit of a
limited partnership, which is a legitimate investment vehicle.

But Auramet used offshore companies in the Netherlands Antilles and the British
Virgin Islands to generate false expenses. Those inflated expenses allowed
investors to reduce their taxes and false entries were made into Auramet books
so that investors could avoid paying capital gains taxes, Revenue Canada said.

The brothers attracted attention in Calgary in the late 1970s as heads of Abacus
Cities, a real estate developer that collected millions of dollars from
investors who wanted to cut taxes.

But thousands of investors lost money when the company failed in 1979.

The Rogers brothers will serve their time by wearing a electronic monitors
around their ankles. It permits inmates to attend work or rehabilitation
programs, but not be out of their homes for any other reason, said a B.C.
corrections official.

The pair gained a high profile in Calgary in the late 1970s by promoting Abacus,
a real estate developer that attracted millions of dollars from middle-class
professionals who were looking for tax shelters.

The $ 500 million Abacus bankruptcy was the largest in Canada at the time,
leaving investors with monumental losses.


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 18, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-treasurer guilty of evading taxes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 376 words


Former U.S. treasurer Catalina Vasquez Villalpando pleaded guilty Thursday to
tax evasion, obstruction of justice and conspiring to hide income she received
from a former employer. Villalpando - whose signature appears on U.S. currency
printed between December 1989 and January 1993 - admitted evading more than $
47,000 in federal income taxes. She acknowledged obstructing an independent
prosecutor's investigation of the Reagan-era influence-peddling scandal at the
Department of Housing and Urban Development and admitted concealing income and
benefits she received from her ex-employer while serving as U.S. treasurer. No
sentencing date has been set.

PEACEKEEPER HONORED: The Navy is naming a guided missile destroyer after Marine
Col. William Higgins, who was serving with the U.N. peacekeepers in Lebanon six
years ago when he was kidnapped and slain. The ship will be built at Bath Iron
Works, Maine.

BRIEFLY . . . Rep. William Natcher, 84, D-Ky., hospitalized at Bethesda Naval
Hospital near Washington for what aides say is exhaustion, pledged to return to
his job when Congress ends a 10-day recess Tuesday. . . . President Clinton
called for a White House Conference on Aging to be convened in May 1995, the
first since 1981. . . . Attorney General Janet Reno said a proposed $ 130 asylum
application fee would be waived for those who can't afford it. The money would
go to hire more examiners to cut a 300,000 case backlog. . . . Fourteen retired
military officers said they're backing Virginia U.S. Senate candidate James
Miller, challenging retired Marine lieutenant colonel Oliver North for the GOP
nomination. The candidate, to be chosen at a June party convention, is expected
to face incumbent senator Charles Robb, D-Va.

CORRECTION: Sen. Phil Gramm, R-Texas, did not sponsor a page from New Hampshire,
as reported Monday. The page was sponsored by Sen. Bob Smith, R-N.H.

Senators' private line READY, WAITING: Cars for the new Senate subway sit under
plastic wrap at the Hart Office Building, one of three stops on the $ 18 million
system set to open this summer. The self-propelled enclosed cars - replacing
open ones now in use - will carry senators between the Capitol and the Hart and
Dirksen buildings.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Reuters; PHOTO, b/w, Matt Mendelsohn, USA TODAY

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; WASHINGTON

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

INDY 500 STAR CAN'T TAP DANCE AROUND TAX RAP

BYLINE: BY ARNOLD MARKOWITZ in Miami and BILL HUTCHINSON in New York DAILY NEWS
WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 344 words


HE'S WON the Indy 500 twice and "Dancing with the Stars," - now Helio
Castroneves will need more than fleet feet and a fast car to beat a federal
tax-fraud rap.

The dashing Brazilian race-car driver and his sister were indicted yesterday on
charges they swindled the Internal Revenue Service out of taxes on at least $5.5
million in income.

Prosecutors said Castroneves failed to pay more than $2 million in taxes.

Castroneves, his sister, Katiucia, and his business lawyer, Alan Miller, were
indicted in Miami Federal Court on a string of charges, including conspiracy to
defraud and tax evasion.

In the 25-page indictment, federal prosecutors charged that the trio used an
offshore Panamanian shell corporation "to conceal and disguise the true and
correct amount of Helio Castroneves' income" from the IRS.

"This case sends a clear message that the IRS is committed to vigorously
enforcing the tax laws and stopping offshore tax evasion," said IRS Commissioner
Doug Shulman.

Investigators claim to have untangled an intricate web of deception that
included bank accounts in Switzerland and the Netherlands that Castroneves used
to hide his money.

The 33-year-old superstar racer, who became a Florida resident in 1999 and later
bought a $2.3 million mansion in Coral Gables, is also accused of submitting
bogus documents to waylay tax lawyers about his business dealings.

While his contracts with sponsors Coimex International of Brazil and the famed
Penske Racing team showed Castroneves was earning at least $2 million a year, he
was reporting annual income of only $200,000 to the IRS, records show.

The charges cover 1999 to 2004, a period when the hot-shot nicknamed
"Spider-Man" captured back-to-back checkered flags at the Indianapolis 500 and
was named Cosmopolitan magazine's "Hunk of the Month."

In 2007, Castroneves and his ballroom dance partner, Julianne Hough, won ABC's
"Dancing with the Stars" competition.

Castroneves, his sister and Miller are to appear in court today. They each face
a maximum of 35 years in prison if convicted.

whutchinson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Indy car and "Dancing with the Stars" stud Helio Castroneves is famed
for his slick moves, but he couldn't slip the IRS, which hit him with a $2
million tax-dodge rap, along with his sister, Katiucia, and lawyer. Photo by AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 2, 2008 Thursday

Indy star Helio Castroneves charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Miami Herald

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 222 words


MIAMI -- Helio Castroneves, winner of the Indianapolis 500 and reality TV show
"Dancing with the Stars," will soon be doing the tango with the Internal Revenue
Service over multimillion-dollar tax-evasion charges in Miami federal court,
U.S. authorities said.

The Brazilian driver, who owns a Coral Gables mansion sporting his auto-racing
trophies and two checkered flags from his Indy 500 victories, was indicted along
with a relative and a Michigan attorney Thursday, authorities said.

The 33-year-old Team Penske star is charged with failing to pay taxes on more
than $5 million in income during a four-year period, authorities said. His
sister, Kati Castroneves, and his lawyer, Alan Miller, are accused of assisting
him in the alleged tax-evasion scheme.

The three defendants are expected to surrender to authorities and have their
first appearances in federal court today. They could not be reached for comment
Thursday afternoon.

Race-car driving has made Castroneves a rich man.

He won the Indianapolis 500 in 2001 and 2002. He was the fifth driver to achieve
that milestone in consecutive years. He also finished second to teammate and
countryman Gil de Ferran in 2003.

He became a bona fide American celebrity last year after winning the fifth
season of ABC's reality TV show "Dancing with the Stars" with partner Julianne
Hough.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Hobbs farmer gets prison sentence for tax evasion, program fraud

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus From the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 290 words


ALBUQUERQUE -- Hobbs farmer Bill Melot was sentenced to five years in prison
yesterday to be followed by three years of supervised release for tax evasion,
program fraud and other crimes, the Justice Department, Internal Revenue Service
and U.S. Department of Agriculture's Office of Inspector General announced
Wednesday.

Melot was previously convicted of tax evasion, failure to file tax returns,
making false statements to the USDA, and impeding the IRS following a four-day
jury trial in Albuquerque.c According to the indictment and evidence presented
at trial and at sentencing, Melot owes the IRS more than $25 million in federal
taxes and more than $7 million in taxes to the state of Texas.c Melot has not
filed a personal income tax return since 1986.c In addition, Melot has
improperly collected more than $225,000 in federal farm subsidies from USDA by
furnishing false information to the agency.ccSpecifically, Melot provided the
USDA with a false Social Security number and fictitious employer identification
number to collect federal farm aid.

According to the indictment and evidence presented at trial, Melot took numerous
steps to conceal his ownership of 250 acres in Lea County, including notarizing
forged deeds and titling the property in the name of nominees.c The evidence
also showed that Melot used false SSNs and fictitious EINs to hide his assets
from the IRS.c Additionally, Melot maintained a bank account with Nordfinanz
Zurich, a Swiss financial institution, which he set up in Nassau, Bahamas, in
1992.c Melot failed to report the Swiss bank account to the U.S. Treasury
Department as required by law.

Melot was also ordered to pay $18,493,099 in restitution to the IRS and $226,526
in restitution to the USDA.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Hobbs farmer gets prison term for tax evasion (11:45 a.m.)

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Hobbs farmer Bill Melot was sentenced to five years in prison
yesterday to be followed by three years of supervised release for tax evasion,
program fraud and other crimes, the Justice Department, Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) and U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Inspector General
announced today.

Melot was previously convicted of tax evasion, failure to file tax returns,
making false statements to the USDA, and impeding the IRS following a four-day
jury trial in Albuquerque. According to the indictment and evidence presented at
trial and at sentencing, Melot owes the IRS more than $25 million in federal
taxes and more than $7 million in taxes to the state of Texas. Melot has not
filed a personal income tax return since 1986. In addition, Melot has improperly
collected more than $225,000 in federal farm subsidies from USDA by furnishing
false information to the agency. Specifically, Melot provided the USDA with a
false Social Security number (SSN) and fictitious employer identification number
(EIN) to collect federal farm aid.

According to the indictment and evidence presented at trial, Melot took numerous
steps to conceal his ownership of 250 acres in Lea County, including notarizing
forged deeds and titling the property in the name of nominees. The evidence also
showed that Melot used false SSNs and fictitious EINs to hide his assets from
the IRS. Additionally, Melot maintained a bank account with Nordfinanz Zurich, a
Swiss financial institution, which he set up in Nassau, Bahamas, in 1992. Melot
failed to report the Swiss bank account to the U.S. Treasury Department as
required by law.

Melot was also ordered to pay $18,493,099 in restitution to the IRS and $226,526
in restitution to the USDA.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BRIEFS

BYLINE: A Tribune staff, wire report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 377 words


AUTO RACING

Court Crashes Castroneves

Helio Castroneves is being replaced on Team Penske by Australian driver Will
Power - at least until the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner's tax evasion trial
is resolved.

Castroneves, who has pleaded innocent to charges of conspiracy and tax evasion
involving about $5.5 million in income stashed in offshore accounts, is
scheduled to go to trial in Miami on March 2, just more than a month before the
IndyCar season begins.

MERGER: Hall of Fame Racing became the latest NASCAR team to use a merger to
stave off collapse, aligning with Yates Racing to keep its operation running
into the new season.

The team quickly signed former Cup Series champion Bobby Labonte to drive the
No. 96 Ford, and secured primary sponsorship from search engine Ask.com

PRO BASKETBALL

Curry Sued By Ex-Driver

A man who worked as a driver for Eddy Curry is suing the New York Knicks center,
contending Curry owes him money, sexually harassed him and berated him with
racist slurs.

Curry denies the accusations.

Dave Kuchinsky alleges in the lawsuit filed Monday in U.S. District Court in
Manhattan that Curry owes him $98,000 in back pay and expenses.

COLLEGE FOOTBALL

Crabtree Is Turning Pro

Two-time All-American receiver Michael Crabtree is leaving Texas Tech for the
NFL next season.

Teammate and Big 12 sack leader Brandon Williams also announced his plans to
turn pro.

Others going pro include Boise State wide receiver Jeremy Childs, Penn State
All-American defensive end Aaron Maybin, Ball State quarterback Nate Davis and
Georgia cornerback Asher Allen.

BOSTON COLLEGE: Named defensive coordinator Fr ank Spazi ani as coach. Spaziani
succeeds Jeff Jagodzinski, who was fired when he interviewed for the New York
Jets coaching job after being told he would be dismissed if he did so.

OUTDOORS

RV SuperShow Begins Today

The 24th annual Florida RV SuperShow is today through Sunday at the Florida
State Fairgrounds east of Tampa. Admission is $8 for adults and free for
children under 16. (Senior citizens get a $1 discount today, not valid with
other discounts.) Show hours are 9 a.m.-6 p.m. today-Saturday and 9-5 Sunday.

A Tribune staff, wire report

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        February 13, 1990, Tuesday, ME2

U.S. porn king jailed 10 years for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Alan Story Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 763 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND, Ohio


   CLEVELAND, Ohio - The world's largest distributor of hard-core pornography -
and the main importer into Ontario - has been sentenced to 10 years in jail and
fined $2.5 million for tax evasion and obstruction of justice.

Reuben Sturman "directed a 20-year-long conspiracy to evade taxes and conceal
his ownership" of a far-flung pornography empire, U.S. government lawyers said
here during yesterday's sentencing.

David Sturman, the 37-year-old son of the Cleveland multi-millionaire, was given
a four-year sentence for his part in a fraudulent scheme to evade more than $3
million in taxes owed by his father.

Over the past 30 years, Sturman, 65, set up more than 300 corporations in five
countries, including Canada, to make, distribute and sell pornographic
magazines, videos and sexual paraphernalia.

"Almost all of the pornographic magazines and videos sold in Ontario come
through the Sturman organization in some form," Detective Sergeant Bob Matthews,
head of the anti-pornography unit of the Ontario Provincial Police and Metro
police, said in an interview.

A 1988 report said Sturman controlled almost half of the $8 billion-a-year U.S.
pornography industry.

In November, Sturman was found guilty of a total of 16 counts of conspiracy to
defraud the government, tax evasion, filing false tax returns and obstruction of
justice based on a 1985 indictment.

Yesterday's 10-year sentence was one of the harshest ever given a pornographer
and was more than twice as long as the four-year sentence handed New York hotel
queen Leona Helmsley last December for tax evasion.

Next month in Las Vegas, Sturman will face further charges of racketeering and
shipping obscene materials through the mails.

The videos allegedly depict sexual acts with animals, torture, bondage and
urination in sexual context.

Sturman owns at least five Mercedes-Benzes and is the toast of the huge porn
business in Los Angeles where he now lives.

He once told an associate: "I don't want to be the biggest (in the porn
industry); I want to be the only one."

He was first investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation in 1959, but
successfully fought four prosecutions in the 1970s and early '80s, launched by
the FBI and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

Other than a minor stint in jail in Switzerland in 1974, "my client is a first
offender," Sturman's lawyer told the U.S. District Court yesterday.

The current case was pursued by one IRS agent exclusively for 13 years.

He and other agents and U.S. attorneys built a complex prosecution showing how
foreign banks were used to conceal profits and launder funds from Sturman's
"hundreds of interlocking corporations and accounts," according to the original
1985 indictment.

Sturman used two Canadian banks to launder some of the proceeds of his
pornography empire in the 1970s, investigators said.

Large sums of money moved north from his Cleveland headquarters, through
accounts in several Canadian banks in Toronto, and then into accounts of Dutch
banks in Amsterdam.

"The Canadian connection provided him (Sturman) with another layer of insulation
from U.S. authorities and U.S. laws," said one investigator.

The names of the Canadian banks involved were not named, but sources confirmed
they are among Canada's five largest chartered banks.

In recent months, there have been several published reports that accounts in
Canadian banks were also used by major international drug dealers to launder
their profits.

Testimony at Sturman's trial showed he and his associates had put away more than
$7 million in profits in Swiss bank accounts.

For the first time in a U.S. income tax case, records from Swiss bank accounts
were released to American authorities after they convinced the Swiss that
Sturman was linked to organized crime figures.

It remains uncertain how Sturman's prison term will affect the North American
pornography business.

In recent months, he has been selling off a number of his bookstores, video
stores and porn video companies.

Some people predict turf battles between porn dealers may erupt.

In the 1970s and early '80s, Sturman owned a number of porn shops in Toronto and
directly controlled distribution across the province from his Toronto warehouse.

Sturman is free on a $1 million bond pending an appeal to a higher court.

Charles Geerts of Holland, a friend of Sturman and an international distributor
of child pornography, according to investigators, put up $500,000 of Sturman's
bail without security or collateral.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Reuben SturmanUnited; States; tax; evasion; sentence;
pornography

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Windber lawyer sentenced to prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: David Hurst, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


April 03--Walter Pruchnik Jr. was described in court Thursday as a devoted
family man and provider.

But when financial trouble hit the Windber attorney more than a decade ago, he
did whatever was necessary to maintain that image, swindling money from clients
and dodging taxes to maintain his family's well-fixed lifestyle, a federal
prosecutor said.

Pruchnik, 60, was sentenced Thursday to two years in a federal prison and three
years on probation for his felony plea to income tax evasion.

The sentence from U.S. District Judge Kim R. Gibson was identical to the terms
requested by Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephanie Haines.

Prior to sentencing, Pruchnik made a tearful apology in court for hurting people
"who put faith in me" and for breaking the law.

"Things got out of control for me ... and my pride took over," he told the
judge, noting that rather than deal with financial issues the right way, "I made
a lot of mistakes."

Pruchnik clutched a scrapbook of family photos called "A Book Full of Memories"
-- a memento from his five children, whose trust he said he had also betrayed.
Their message to him over the weekend was that none of the cherished memories
captured within the book's pages would have happened without him.

But Haines said many family milestones were funded by money Pruchnik swindled,
including more than $164,800 owed to the federal government from years of faulty
tax filings.

Such funds paid for college educations at high-profile institutions and
vacations, she said.

"He started what was basically a Ponzi scheme with his clients' money that went
on for years and years," Haines said.

One estate fund Pruchnik spent was supposed to be directed to paralyzed veterans
and nonprofits formed to help sick children, Haines said.

Gibson ordered Pruchnik to repay the taxes owed.

Pruchnik also lost his license to practice law. As a convicted felon, he will
never be able to practice law again, which Haines described as a victory for
both the community and those in the Cambria-Somerset area who practice law the
right way every day.

Gibson did not levy a fine, saying Pruchnik had no means to pay it. Until now,
the man had been working as a bus driver in Florida, attorneys have said.

The question about repayment of funds taken from private parties was not
addressed in court and Haines declined comment after the hearing, citing office
policy.

She referred questions to U.S. Attorney's Office spokeswoman Margaret Philbin,
who did not return a message for comment Thursday afternoon.

David Hurst is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be reached at (814)
532-5053. Follow him on Twitter @TDDavidHurst.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150403-JO-Windber-lawyer-sentenced-to-prison-for-tax-evasion
-0403-20150403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minnesota husband and wife arrested in Texas on state tax-evasion charges

BYLINE: ANTHONY LONETREE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 297 words


A husband and wife wanted on tax-evasion charges in Minnesota were arrested last
month as fugitives in Texas.

Floyd Bartell Olson, 72, and Inger S. Olson, 76, formerly of St. Paul, posted
bond and await extradition on charges of failing to pay taxes for a venture that
earned as much as $330,839 annually, authorities say.

Lisa Waldrup, a spokeswoman for the Minnesota Department of Revenue, said on
Tuesday that it was unusual for the agency's tax-evasion cases to require
fugitive arrests.

The Olsons were arrested on Dec. 6 after it was discovered they were living in
Schertz, a suburb of San Antonio.

According to charges filed against the couple last September in Ramsey County
District Court, Floyd Olson claimed he didn't file taxes because he only
received Social Security payments of about $7,000 per year. His wife reportedly
received about $25,000 per year from Social Security and investment returns, the
charges state.

But a Revenue Department investigation found that the Olsons owned a business,
National Real Estate Traders Inc., that earned taxable income of about $274,300
in 2004, $204,300 in 2005, $330,800 in 2006, $271,400 in 2007 and $150,300 in
2008.

Also, the charges state, Floyd Olson had "substantial involvement" in a
business, TNT Properties, reportedly owned by the couple's sons.

The couple last filed income tax returns in 1996, the charges say. Both now face
five felony counts of failing to file a tax return.

According to Guadalupe County jail records, they were released from custody on
Dec. 16.

Efforts to reach the Olsons and family members were unsuccessful on Tuesday.

Public records show that the couple had previous ties to Texas; details
regarding the current stay and circumstances surrounding the arrests were not
available on Tuesday.

ANTHONY LONETREE

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Tire Business

                                 April 27, 2009

Alabama dealer pleads guilty to tax evasion

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0003

LENGTH: 226 words


Timothy Smith, owner of College Tire in Hanceville, Ala., has pleaded guilty to
one count of tax evasion, just before he was set to stand trial in the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Alabama.

Mr. Smith and his wife Lori Ann Smith were indicted in the Alabama court Sept.
30, 2008, on two counts of tax evasion from tax years 2002 and 2003, according
to the U.S. Department of Justice.

The couple was charged with diverting more than $430,000 of customer receipts
from Mr. Smith's tire business to two personal bank accounts, according to the
Department of Justice and other court records.

He allegedly used the money to make payments on his vacation homes in North
Carolina and Florida, and also to buy a real estate lot near his North Carolina
home.

Under a plea agreement he reached with the Justice Department and the Internal
Revenue Service--which must be accepted by the court--Mr. Smith agreed to serve
a binding sentence of 30 months in prison and pay the IRS $170,380 in
restitution, including a $50,000 lump sum to be paid before sentencing.

The agreement also states that the charges against Lori Ann Smith will be
dismissed.

The agreement won't become effective until Mr. Smith is sentenced, and no
sentencing date has been scheduled, said a spokesman for the Justice Department
in Washington.

The Smiths could not be reached for comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: tb


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: Rindge man accused of swindling investors of millions to plead guilty to
tax evasion

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 164 words


April 29--More than two years after an alleged Ponzi scheme came to light in
Rindge, the man accused of defrauding friends and family of nearly $28 million
plans to plead guilty to tax evasion.

Aaron E. Olson of Rindge doesn't dispute prosecutors' allegations that he
swindled investors of $27.8 million, and diverted $2.6 million of that money for
his own personal use, according to a plea agreement filed in U.S. District Court
in Concord.

He will plead guilty to four counts of tax evasion totaling nearly $665,000 as a
part of the plea agreement he entered into with the U.S. Attorney's Office for
the District of New Hampshire earlier this month.

In exchange for his plea, prosecutors will argue for a 3 1/2 -year prison
sentence. A waiver and plea hearing is slated for May 15 in Concord.

For more on this story, see Wednesday's Sentinel.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140429-KN-BRF-Rindge-man-accused-of-swindling-investors-of-millions-to-plead-g
uilty-to-tax-evasion-0429-20140429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2014


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 11, 2012 Tuesday

Richmond woman pleads guilty to tax evasion, bank fraud, authorities say

BYLINE: By Daniel M. Jimenez Bay Area News Group

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Oakland-Berkeley; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 226 words


SAN FRANCISCO -- A Richmond nurse pleaded guilty Friday to tax evasion, bank
fraud and Social Security fraud and may face up to 30 years in prison and a $1
million fine, authorities said.

Crystal Ann Poole, 51, had been evading taxes on her income since 1994,
according to U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag. She had used another person's Social
Security number to hide income and assets from the IRS, and filed fake documents
with her employers to prevent them from withholding taxes from her pay, Haag
said in a news release.

Poole had also hidden debts, submitted falsified documents and used a false
Social Security number when she applied for a $335,000 loan to buy a home in
Florence, Miss., Haag said. She was granted the loan and later stopped making
payments, putting the house in foreclosure at a loss of more than $43,000 to the
bank.

Finally, Poole used the Social Security number of an Alabama schoolteacher to
fraudulently obtain a car loan of more than $30,000, open bank accounts, and
make other purchases, according to her plea agreement.

Poole is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 14. Bank fraud carries a maximum penalty
of 30 years in prison and a $1 million fine; income tax evasion and Social
Security fraud each carry a maximum of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Contact Daniel M. Jimenez at 510-262-2728. Follow him atTwitter.com/DMJreports .

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Sun (Lowell, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Dracut brothers, woman face charges in alleged tax evasion

BYLINE: Robert Mills, The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


Apr. 1--BOSTON -- A pair of Dracut brothers were indicted for tax evasion and
conspiracy yesterday after prosecutors say they tried to hide about $2 million
of income from an excavation business they ran until 2006.

Prosecutors say Paul Brown and Raymond Brown, both 44, were indicted along with
Deborah Brown, 38, of Dracut, the wife of one of the men, because they allegedly
failed to file personal income-tax returns or pay taxes on the almost $2 million
in income they made from J.P. Brown & Sons excavating between 1999 and 2006.

The brothers, with help from Deborah Brown, tried to hide the income by placing
assets in the names of their wives, taking cash and gold coins from the company,
and accepting property in exchange for work done by the company, U.S. Attorney
Carmen Ortiz alleges.

Paul Brown and Raymond Brown face up to five years in prison and a $100,000 fine
if convicted of tax evasion. They, along with Deborah Brown, face up to three
years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted of conspiracy. Deborah Brown is
charged only with conspiracy.

To see more of The Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lowellsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100401-LZ-BRF-Dracut-brothers-woman-face-charges-in-alleged-
tax-evasion-0401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2010 The Sun


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 15, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Guilty Plea Expected From Former Senate Leader in Trenton

BYLINE: By DAVID KOCIENIEWSKI

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Sept. 14


A former New Jersey Senate president whose political machine made him the
state's most influential figure is scheduled to appear on Friday in federal
court, where he is expected to plead guilty to charges of tax evasion and
misusing his public office to enrich his own business, lawyers involved in the
case said on Thursday.

At the height of his power, the Democratic boss, John A. Lynch Jr., served as
political mentor to a little-known state senator named James E. McGreevey, whom
he guided to the governor's office in 2001.

At the heart of his criminal case are business deals in 1998 and 1999, the
lawyers said.

The tax evasion charges reportedly stem from a commission, or ''success fee,''
that Mr Lynch and his business partner, Jack Westlake, received for the sale of
a property on Route 1 in Middlesex County in 1999. Mr. Westlake received a
$350,000 commission that he did not declare as income, his lawyer, John Whipple,
said, and he will plead guilty to a single count of tax evasion, which carries a
sentence of at least 10 months in prison.

Mr. Lynch declined to return calls requesting comment about the case. But others
familiar with the plea negotiations said that Mr. Lynch failed to declare income
of more than $30,000 from that transaction, and that he will plead guilty to tax
evasion.

People involved in the case said that the corruption charge against Mr. Lynch
involved a business deal in 1998, when he was still Senate president, but no
other details were available. Mr. Lynch is expected to face a prison sentence of
33 to 41 months, lawyers involved in the negotiations said.

The indictment of Mr. Lynch -- who is widely referred to as one of New Jersey's
five major Democratic Party bosses -- is a major achievement for the United
States attorney, Christopher J. Christie.

Mr. Christie, a former Republican fund-raiser, had no experience in criminal
investigations when he took the post in 2001, but his office has won a wide
assortment of corruption convictions against Democratic and Republican officials
alike, a record that has made many of his party leaders urge him to run for
statewide office.

Mr. Christie declined to discuss the case, and his press office would not
confirm any details about the court appearance, which is scheduled to take place
before Judge Stanley R. Chesler of Federal District Court.

Mr. Lynch, 67, has often bristled at the term "party boss," a phrase that does
not capture his intellect (he finished fifth in his class at Georgetown Law
School) or the policy expertise that made him a widely respected expert on urban
renewal. Although he was frequently criticized for mixing politics and business
and for his close relationship with real estate developers, Mr. Lynch has long
insisted that he never misused his position.

'The state has to have some development, so you try to achieve a balance," he
told The New York Times in an interview late last year. "That's why I'm proud of
what I'm doing."

As mayor of New Brunswick from 1979 to 1991, he was credited with reviving the
blighted city. Mr. Lynch then moved to the State Senate, where he won respect
for his skill at balancing politics, policy and fiscal restraint. In 1990, he
followed in his father's footsteps and was elected Senate president.

Mr. Lynch was also quick to realize that money was the fuel of modern politics,
and his skill at raising it gave him vast political reach and won him access to
business leaders, diplomats and powerful Washington Democrats.

After seeing Democrats run out of power in Trenton by a voter backlash to Gov.
Jim Florio's tax increases, Mr. Lynch honed his fund-raising skills and
methodically plotted the party's comeback strategy.

He stepped down from his State Senate seat in 2000 but continued to work behind
the scenes, and by November 2001, when his protege Mr. McGreevey was elected
governor, Democrats one again controlled both the executive branch and the State
Legislature.

But the investigation that led to his legal woes stemmed from a billboard deal
that occurred a month before Mr. McGreevey took office.

In 2002, federal authorities began investigating whether Mr. McGreevey's chief
of staff and chief counsel used their positions on the transition team to
inflate the value of a billboard company they later sold at a profit.

No criminal charges have ever been filed for the billboard deal itself, but a
consulting firm called Executive Continental -- owned by Mr. Lynch and Mr.
Westlake -- made a profit from the transaction, leading federal investigators
down the trail that led to the charges against the two men.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 26, 2006



CORRECTION: An article on Sept. 15 about an expected guilty plea by John A.
Lynch Jr., a former New Jersey Senate president, in a tax evasion and political
corruption case misstated his position in 1998, the year of a business deal said
to be the basis of the corruption charge. At the time, he was a state senator,
not the Senate president.

GRAPHIC: Photo: John A. Lynch Jr., the former president of New Jersey's Senate.
(Photo by Home News Tribune via Associated Press)(pg. B7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                             June 15, 2000 Thursday

Peters and Hide cross swords over Fiji speech

BYLINE: By EUGENE BINGHAM political reporter

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 455 words


Two of Parliament's scrappers fought it out in the House yesterday when New
Zealand First leader Winston Peters accused Act's Rodney Hide of links with a
tax-evasion scheme.

Mr Peters used parliamentary privilege to say his Act foe had been a guest
speaker at a Fiji conference organised by a company allegedly involved in
carrying out "clearly fraudulent activities."

Mr Hide later admitted to having spoken at the conference, though he denied any
wrong-doing and accused Mr Peters of making a career out of throwing "vile
allegations."

"I have never been involved in tax evasion, I have never promoted tax evasion, I
have never been associated with tax evasion," Mr Hide said in a personal
statement to Parliament.

"In fact, I believe that you should follow the tax laws of this country."

Mr Peters told Parliament that Mr Hide travelled to Fiji in January last year to
talk to a conference organised by Investors International, an organisation
associated with an American named Dr Rudolf van Lin.

"This organisation is involved in two significant activities - the illegal
transacting of unregistered securities and straight-out tax evasion," said Mr
Peters.

"Why are MPs in this House facilitating straight-forward tax evasion
conferences, lending the legitimacy of this Parliament and their office to those
sorts of activities?

"[The Act party] comes to this House and preaches like paragons of virtue to the
rest of us but when it comes to certain business activities, they turn a total
blind eye."

A September 1999 media release from the Securities Commission warned investors
against putting money into schemes run by Investors International, saying the
company, based in Portland, Oregon, had been the subject of court action in
Australia.

Also, its director, Dr van Lin, had been prosecuted in the United States for the
fraudulent offer and sale of unregistered securities, the commission said.

Outside the House, Mr Hide said he had been invited to attend the conference
after speaking at a number of property investment meetings in New Zealand. He
attended as a guest speaker but did not participate in any of the sessions.

As far as he was aware, however, the conference theme was not sinister. "I
wouldn't have attended if it was," said Mr Hide.

The speech covered his perk-busting theme, a view that New Zealand had too many
laws, and an argument that New Zealand's tax laws were able to do enormous
damage to businesses.

Mr Hide confirmed that the conference was organised by Investors International
and that his travel and accommodation costs were covered, though he did not
receive a speaking fee.

"All of those allegations about me suggesting illegal behaviour are absolutely
false."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2000 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Former Acton town official found guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 381 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was found guilty Friday of
19 counts of tax evasion after an eight-day jury trial in York County Superior
Court, Maine Attorney General Janet T. Mills announced Monday.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012, as well as with homestead exemption fraud, Mills said.


Mills said Weymouth evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents he lived
and operated a business in New Hampshire.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee, she said.


Mills also said Weymouth operated R.W. Construction Co., a snowplow and
excavation business, which plowed roads for the town of Action.


For tax purposes, however, he claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


During certain years, between 2006 through 2012, Weymouth evaded Maine and
Federal income taxes by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were stored outside of Maine.


Weymouth paid roughly $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial. Additionally, he owes the town of Acton
for an undetermined amount in excise taxes, and he must still resolve his
federal income tax liability.


"By misrepresenting what state he lived in, Mr. Weymouth sought to avoid the
taxes that his neighbors pay and shifted the expenses to other Maine citizens,"
Mills said. "My office will vigorously prosecute those who seek to avoid paying
their fair share by falsely claiming they live in another state."


Assistant Attorney General Gregg Bernstein prosecuted the case. Russell Veysey,
a senior investigator with Maine Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
Division, conducted the investigation.


A York County jury reached its verdict Friday, according to Mills. Sentencing on
the 19 criminal charges is expected to take place in about 45 days in York
County Superior Court.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Former Acton town official guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 381 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was found guilty Friday of
19 counts of tax evasion after an eight-day jury trial in York County Superior
Court, Maine Attorney General Janet T. Mills announced Monday.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012, as well as with homestead exemption fraud, Mills said.


Mills said Weymouth evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents he lived
and operated a business in New Hampshire.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee, she said.


Mills also said Weymouth operated R.W. Construction Co., a snowplow and
excavation business, which plowed roads for the town of Action.


For tax purposes, however, he claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


During certain years, between 2006 through 2012, Weymouth evaded Maine and
Federal income taxes by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were stored outside of Maine.


Weymouth paid roughly $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial. Additionally, he owes the town of Acton
for an undetermined amount in excise taxes, and he must still resolve his
federal income tax liability.


"By misrepresenting what state he lived in, Mr. Weymouth sought to avoid the
taxes that his neighbors pay and shifted the expenses to other Maine citizens,"
Mills said. "My office will vigorously prosecute those who seek to avoid paying
their fair share by falsely claiming they live in another state."


Assistant Attorney General Gregg Bernstein prosecuted the case. Russell Veysey,
a senior investigator with Maine Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
Division, conducted the investigation.


A York County jury reached its verdict Friday, according to Mills. Sentencing on
the 19 criminal charges is expected to take place in about 45 days in York
County Superior Court.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Former Acton town official found guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 381 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was found guilty Friday of
19 counts of tax evasion after an eight-day jury trial in York County Superior
Court, Maine Attorney General Janet T. Mills announced Monday.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012, as well as with homestead exemption fraud, Mills said.


Mills said Weymouth evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents he lived
and operated a business in New Hampshire.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee, she said.


Mills also said Weymouth operated R.W. Construction Co., a snowplow and
excavation business, which plowed roads for the town of Action.


For tax purposes, however, he claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


During certain years, between 2006 through 2012, Weymouth evaded Maine and
Federal income taxes by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were stored outside of Maine.


Weymouth paid roughly $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial. Additionally, he owes the town of Acton
for an undetermined amount in excise taxes, and he must still resolve his
federal income tax liability.


"By misrepresenting what state he lived in, Mr. Weymouth sought to avoid the
taxes that his neighbors pay and shifted the expenses to other Maine citizens,"
Mills said. "My office will vigorously prosecute those who seek to avoid paying
their fair share by falsely claiming they live in another state."


Assistant Attorney General Gregg Bernstein prosecuted the case. Russell Veysey,
a senior investigator with Maine Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
Division, conducted the investigation.


A York County jury reached its verdict Friday, according to Mills. Sentencing on
the 19 criminal charges is expected to take place in about 45 days in York
County Superior Court.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Former Acton town official guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 381 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was found guilty Friday of
19 counts of tax evasion after an eight-day jury trial in York County Superior
Court, Maine Attorney General Janet T. Mills announced Monday.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012, as well as with homestead exemption fraud, Mills said.


Mills said Weymouth evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents he lived
and operated a business in New Hampshire.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee, she said.


Mills also said Weymouth operated R.W. Construction Co., a snowplow and
excavation business, which plowed roads for the town of Action.


For tax purposes, however, he claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


During certain years, between 2006 through 2012, Weymouth evaded Maine and
Federal income taxes by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were stored outside of Maine.


Weymouth paid roughly $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial. Additionally, he owes the town of Acton
for an undetermined amount in excise taxes, and he must still resolve his
federal income tax liability.


"By misrepresenting what state he lived in, Mr. Weymouth sought to avoid the
taxes that his neighbors pay and shifted the expenses to other Maine citizens,"
Mills said. "My office will vigorously prosecute those who seek to avoid paying
their fair share by falsely claiming they live in another state."


Assistant Attorney General Gregg Bernstein prosecuted the case. Russell Veysey,
a senior investigator with Maine Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
Division, conducted the investigation.


A York County jury reached its verdict Friday, according to Mills. Sentencing on
the 19 criminal charges is expected to take place in about 45 days in York
County Superior Court.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 26, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fugitive Hotelier's Son Indicted in Tax Case

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 500 words


A federal grand jury has indicted the son of Stanley S. Tollman, a prominent
Manhattan hotelier who is a fugitive on tax evasion charges, in a growing tax
evasion case against the Tollman family and their associates.

Brett G. Tollman, 41, was accused of tax fraud and conspiracy in a 49-count
indictment handed up on Friday by a federal grand jury in White Plains. He is
free on $25 million bail.

The unusually high bail for Brett Tollman was set after his father refused to
return from Britain for arraignment in April.

The indictment is the third in an investigation that has been expanding since
the initial grand jury action on April 18.

The Tollman family, which at one time controlled the Days Inn hotel chain and
owned 50 Days Inns, owns Trafalgar Tours International and Red Carnation Hotels,
a group of luxury hotels in Florida, Switzerland and South Africa. It also owns
the Chesterfield, the Milestone and the 41 in London.

Stanley Tollman, 71, and four other men were indicted in April on tax fraud and
conspiracy charges growing out of a suspected plan to defraud banks of $42.6
million. That indictment accused Mr. Tollman and his partner, Monty D. Hundley,
59, of making false statements, hiding $100 million in profits from sale of the
Days Inn company and creating straw businesses in Europe to trick six banks --
Chemical, Marine Midland, First National of Chicago, Security Pacific, National
Westminster and Wells Fargo -- and an investment firm, Morgens, Waterfall,
Vintiadis & Company of New York, into settling $50 million of overdue loans for
$7.6 million.

The new indictment says taxes were evaded on at least $32 million of income that
was run through secret bank accounts in the Channel Islands, tax havens under
British rule.

The indictment cites numerous acts by Stanley Tollman's wife, Bea, advancing the
fraud, including creating accounts and moving money without paying the banks or
taxes to the United States. Bea Tollman was involved so deeply that, according
to the indictment, she arranged to send $3,000 from one of the secret bank
accounts to "a London shoemaker to pay for two pair of shoes" for her son Brett.

Bea Tollman was not indicted, however.

Stanley Tollman and Mr. Hundley told Bank of America, which was trying to
collect the Security Pacific loan, that they had not filed tax returns for
several years because their incomes were so low that they were not required to
do so, according to the indictment. In fact, Mr. Hundley had not filed a tax
return since 1981, and each man had "more than sufficient income" to require
filing tax returns, the indictment contends.

Last May, Mr. Hundley's brother Charles, 56, pleaded guilty to evading taxes on
$274,000.

The family's lawyer, K. Chris Todd of Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd & Evans in
Washington, did not respond to requests for comment.

The defendants potentially face more than 30 years in prison and loss of their
assets, including the entire 11th floor of 485 Park Avenue, where Brett Tollman
lives.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Sports Digest

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S08

LENGTH: 537 words


MIAMI

AUTO RACING

Castroneves indicted

on tax evasion charges

Two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves was indicted yesterday on tax
evasion and tax fraud charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide
millions of dollars in income from the Internal Revenue Service.

Castroneves, 33, is charged with conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion for
purportedly failing to report to the IRS about $5.5 million (U.S.) in income
between 1999 and 2004, according to court documents. Each count carries a
maximum five-year prison sentence.

Also facing charges are Katiucia Castroneves, 35, the race car driver's sister
and business manager, and lawyer Alan R. Miller, 71, of Birmingham, Mich. All
three are scheduled to make court appearances today.

Castroneves, a native of Sao Paulo, Brazil, has won the Indy 500 twice and is
second in the IndyCar Series points standings.

GOLF

Kim takes early two-shot lead at Korea Open

U.S. Ryder Cup star Anthony Kim took an early lead at the Korea Open with a
seven-under 64 yesterday, finishing the opening day two shots ahead of the
field.

The 23-year-old held the lead over South Korea's Kim Jong-myung, who fired a 66,
in the $1 million (U.S.) Asian Tour event at the Woo Jeung Hills Country Club
south of Seoul.

OLYMPICS

Kazakhstan city considers winter bid

Kazakhstan's largest city is considering a bid for the 2018 Winter Olympics.

An official bid from Almaty will go ahead if the government lends its support,
said Vladimir Smirnov, deputy head of the national ski federation.

SOCCER

MLSE pulls out as bidder for Newcastle

Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment is not among the eight prospective buyers
said to be in talks to buy English Premiership side Newcastle.

In fact, the Toronto sports giant has decided that owning any soccer team in
Europe isn't a venture it wants to pursue, a conclusion drawn some five months
after two senior executives returned from a fact-finding trip to England.

"We're just not interested in owning a soccer franchise, football franchise in
any place but Toronto," MLSE president Richard Peddie said. "That project is
completely dead."

TENNIS

Wozniak among group advancing to quarters

Spain's David Ferrer and American Andy Roddick lived up to their No. 1 and No. 2
seedings yesterday by progressing to the quarter-finals of the Japan Open while
Canadian Aleksandra Wozniak won her second-round match in straight sets.

Ferrer recovered from a slow start to defeat Japanese wild-card Takao Suzuki
4-6, 6-3, 6-2, while Roddick downed No. 14 seed Jurgen Melzer of Austria 7-6
(2), 6-2.

Wozniak, the No. 8 seed from Blainville, Que., defeated Ryoko Fuda of Japan 6-1,
6-1 in women's play.

CYCLING

Armstrong may have to accept supporting role

Lance Armstrong may have to accept a supporting role to Astana teammate Alberto
Contador in next year's Tour de France, the team cycling director said
yesterday.

Johan Bruyneel ruled out a departure from Astana by Spain's Contador, who won
the Tour de France, Italy's Giro and Spain's Vuelta in little over a year. The
two will have to co-operate, he said.

"At the end of the day, the strongest rider will be supported, regardless of
that person's name or what they've accomplished in the past," Bruyneel said.

Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Wirth warned to bring his lawyer to court Friday

BYLINE: JENNIFER BJORHUS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 349 words



HIGHLIGHT: Meanwhile, developer's former wife and his tax accountant pleaded not
guilty to tax evasion charges.


A U.S. magistrate judge told Twin Cities real estate developer Jeffrey Wirth to
get a lawyer by Friday.

Wirth, charged earlier this month with tax evasion, showed up in federal court
Tuesday in St. Paul for his delayed plea hearing but still didn't have a lawyer
with him. Wirth indicated he was "close to retaining counsel," said U.S.
Magistrate Judge Jeffrey Keyes before rescheduling Wirth's arraignment a second
time, to Friday morning.

"You must have counsel by that time," Keyes warned him.

Also indicted in the alleged tax evasion scheme were Holly C. Damiani, Wirth's
former wife, and their tax preparer Michael J. Murry. Both Damiani and Murry
pleaded not guilty Tuesday. Trials were set for Oct. 24 before U.S. District
Judge Ann Montgomery in Minneapolis.

Financial shenanigans alleged

Wirth, of Plymouth and head of the Wirth Cos., a real estate company in Brooklyn
Center, is best known locally as the developer of the Water Park of America in
Bloomington and the Grand Rios Hotel and Water Park in Brooklyn Park. He also
spent an estimated $54 million turning the old Minneapolis Athletic Club into
the luxury Grand Hotel Minneapolis. Damiani was an executive at Wirth Cos.

Prosecutors have accused Wirth and Damiani of manipulating their finances in a
number of ways in the alleged tax scam, including recording money spent on
personal expenses such as trips to Hawaii and private school fees for one of
their children as business expenses and eliminating income that should have been
taxed by creating bogus management fees.

The two are also accused of diverting more than $2 million from Wirth's
companies to the development of a mega-mansion they were building on Lake
Minnetonka, without reporting the money as either personal or business income.
Work stopped on the villa years ago.

Unfinished house for sale

The large house, with seven fireplaces, sits on an island in St. Albans Bay
connected to the mainland by a bridge and has been considered an eyesore in the
area. It's been on the market since last year, the price tag now reduced to $3.5
million.

Jennifer Bjorhus - 612-673-4683

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Wirth warned to bring his lawyer to court Friday

BYLINE: JENNIFER BJORHUS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 349 words



HIGHLIGHT: Meanwhile, developer's former wife and his tax accountant pleaded not
guilty to tax evasion charges.


A U.S. magistrate judge told Twin Cities real estate developer Jeffrey Wirth to
get a lawyer by Friday.

Wirth, charged earlier this month with tax evasion, showed up in federal court
Tuesday in St. Paul for his delayed plea hearing but still didn't have a lawyer
with him. Wirth indicated he was "close to retaining counsel," said U.S.
Magistrate Judge Jeffrey Keyes before rescheduling Wirth's arraignment a second
time, to Friday morning.

"You must have counsel by that time," Keyes warned him.

Also indicted in the alleged tax evasion scheme were Holly C. Damiani, Wirth's
former wife, and their tax preparer Michael J. Murry. Both Damiani and Murry
pleaded not guilty Tuesday. Trials were set for Oct. 24 before U.S. District
Judge Ann Montgomery in Minneapolis.

Financial shenanigans alleged

Wirth, of Plymouth and head of the Wirth Cos., a real estate company in Brooklyn
Center, is best known locally as the developer of the Water Park of America in
Bloomington and the Grand Rios Hotel and Water Park in Brooklyn Park. He also
spent an estimated $54 million turning the old Minneapolis Athletic Club into
the luxury Grand Hotel Minneapolis. Damiani was an executive at Wirth Cos.

Prosecutors have accused Wirth and Damiani of manipulating their finances in a
number of ways in the alleged tax scam, including recording money spent on
personal expenses such as trips to Hawaii and private school fees for one of
their children as business expenses and eliminating income that should have been
taxed by creating bogus management fees.

The two are also accused of diverting more than $2 million from Wirth's
companies to the development of a mega-mansion they were building on Lake
Minnetonka, without reporting the money as either personal or business income.
Work stopped on the villa years ago.

Unfinished house for sale

The large house, with seven fireplaces, sits on an island in St. Albans Bay
connected to the mainland by a bridge and has been considered an eyesore in the
area. It's been on the market since last year, the price tag now reduced to $3.5
million.

Jennifer Bjorhus - 612-673-4683

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             March 20, 2011 Sunday

Ex-NBA player rep from Silver Spring admits to income tax evasion, mortgage
fraud

BYLINE: Ben Mook

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 533  words


A Silver Spring man who has represented an NBA All-Star and is a partner in a
growing urban clothing line now faces up to 10 years in prison for cheating the
government out of more than $1 million in income taxes and providing false
information on mortgage loans over the last nine years.

Nathan A. Peake, 40, pleaded guilty Thursday to one count of income tax evasion
and one count of conspiracy to commit bank and wire fraud. The plea was part of
an agreement in which, for pleading guilty, additional charges of tax evasion,
fraud, obstruction of justice and identity theft were dropped.

Peake faces five years in prison on each count as well as a minimum total of
$500,000 in fines. According to sentencing guidelines filed by prosecutors, the
range for Peake is 41 to 51 months.

A sentencing hearing has been set for Aug. 2 and a pre-sentence investigation
was ordered.

Peake is the founder of Peake Management Group Inc., a sports management firm
based in Washington, D.C. Since founding the firm, the company has represented
pro basketball players, including three-time NBA All-Star and University of
Maryland standout Steve Francis who played for the Houston Rockets, Orlando
Magic and for the New York Knicks. On Friday, a representative for Francis
reached at the Steve Francis Foundation said Peake does not represent him
anymore.

Peake also founded Peake Management Group Boxing. He is a partner in We R One
Gear, an urban apparel company based in Suitland.

Attempts to reach Peake were unsuccessful and he remains out on bond until his
sentencing hearing.

According to court records, Peake did not file income tax returns from 2000
through 2007. During that time he had collected an estimated $5.8 million in
management and agent fees, which he spread out among other personal accounts of
his and commercial accounts that he controlled.

He also misappropriated a $3.5 million commercial line of credit that one of his
athlete clients, unnamed in court records, personally guaranteed. The athlete
eventually had to pay the full amount when Peake did not make payments.

Peake was originally indicted in October along with Gregory L. McCormick, 56.
McCormick and Peake were charged with fraud involving four mortgages Peake
obtained for two properties over a nine-year period. As part of his plea
agreement, Peake signed off on a document spelling out how he defrauded banks
over mortgages for the properties, including his home on Firestone Drive in
Silver Spring.

According to state tax records the home is a 6,101-square-foot residence located
near the Hampshire Greens Golf Course. The property is valued at $1.06 million,
and is currently in foreclosure.

To buy the property, along with a rental property in Mitchellville, and
refinancing the mortgages, Peake said he and McCormick gave false information to
several lenders over how much Peake was paid along with what he earned in rental
income. He also fabricated letters falsely claiming to have filed income tax
returns and provided wage figures he said had been reviewed by a certified
public accountant.

McCormick is facing charges of obstruction of justice, aggravated identity theft
as well as bank and wire fraud. He is still awaiting trial.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 217 words


Ex-councilman pleads guilty to tax evasion

COLUMBIA - The longest-serving city councilman in South Carolina's capital has
pleaded guilty to federal tax evasion charges.

Acting U.S. Attorney Kevin McDonald said Monday former Columbia City Councilman
E.W. Cromartie II pleaded guilty in federal court in Columbia to one count of
income tax evasion and two counts of aggravated structuring.

Cromartie last month admitted not paying more than $25,000 in federal income
taxes. His plea agreement shows Cromartie also admitted making more than
$200,000 in cash deposits and withdrawals just below the IRS minimums for
transaction reporting rules.

He will be sentenced later by U.S. District Judge David Norton. Cromartie and
prosecutors have agreed a sentence of one year and one day would be appropriate.

He served on the Columbia City Council for more than 25 years.

In other news

Another lawsuit has been filed stemming from the $66 million Ponzi scheme run by
a South Carolina economist. The Charleston Post and Courier reports the Motley
Rice law firm has sued Robert Pearlman, a Mount Pleasant attorney who
represented Al Parish. The class-action filing is for anyone who lost more than
$100. Nearly 500 people lost money in the scheme. He was sentenced two years ago
to 24 years in prison.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Automotive News

                                 April 20, 2009

briefs

LENGTH: 233 words


Helio Castroneves found not guilty of tax evasion

MIAMI -- IndyCar Series star and Team Penske driver Helio Castroneves was found
not guilty of tax-evasion charges in federal court in Miami on Friday, and the
two-time Indianapolis 500 winner was expected to compete in Long Beach, Calif.,
this past weekend.

Castroneves' co-defendants -- sister/manager, Kati Castroneves, 35, and lawyer
Alan Miller, 71 -- also were cleared of all tax-evasion charges.

-- AutoWeek

EPA begins process for rules on CO2 emissions

WASHINGTON -- The EPA on Friday proposed a finding that greenhouse gases from
vehicles and industrial plants pose a danger, kicking off a process that could
result in tighter regulation of carbon dioxide emissions. The EPA's findings
come two years after the U.S. Supreme Court ordered the agency to determine
whether these emissions contribute to harmful air pollution under the Clean Air
Act.

The long-expected move by the EPA sets the stage for the agency to revisit the
auto industry's fuel economy standards. With the exception of electric vehicles,
all cars and trucks emit carbon dioxide. The only way to cut those emissions is
to improve fuel economy. Federal law requires fleet fuel economy of 35 mpg by
2020, up 40 percent from current levels.


The EPA move marks a reversal of Bush administration policy, which opposed
mandatory limits on carbo dioxide and other greenhouse gases.

-- Neil Roland

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: an


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 21, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY;
 2 Builders Guilty Of Tax Evasion

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 206 words


A couple that operate one of the city's largest construction companies pleaded
guilty yesterday to Federal charges that their company evaded income taxes,
cheated an employees' welfare fund and helped employees illegally obtain
unemployment benefits.

According to accusations filed by Federal prosecutors against the couple -
Kenneth Gladstone, the president of the Prince Carpentry Company of Manhattan,
and his wife, Lucille, the company's vice president - the admitted frauds and
tax evasions over two years totaled at least $660,000.

As part of a related investigation into racketeering in the city's drywall
industry, Federal tax-evasion charges were also filed against 41 current and
former employees of the Prince Company.

Mr. Gladstone, who is 57 years old, and Mrs. Gladstone, 56, each pleaded guilty
to six identical felony counts of conspiracy, mail fraud and tax evasion at a
hearing in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

As part of a plea arrangement, Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone and their company will pay
$320,000 in reimbursements to the union welfare fund, $280,000 to the Internal
Revenue Service for unpaid taxes and $63,000 to New York State for improper
unemployment payments that had been made to employees.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Helio back holding court on the racetrack; Castroneves jump starts stalled
career after being acquitted of tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Dan Barnes, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: THE INSIDE TRACK; Pg. T9

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


As the most glorious month of May imaginable somehow stretched into July for
IndyCar driver Helio Castroneves, he flew from his home in Florida for a
visitation with Brazilian President Luiz Inacio (Lula) da Silva last week.

"It might have taken three Indy (victories) to be visiting the president of
Brazil but I am very honoured," Castroneves said, a mere hous before the flight
last Friday to his home country. "It's great to be recognized by my own country.

"I'd love also to meet President Obama too, since my team is American."

Maybe he'll get to see the White House after his fourth Indy 500 win next year.
He laughed at the thought and reflected on what is already a rare hat trick at
the Brickyard.

"People ask me all the time, how do you feel? Honestly, I don't know if it has
sunk in yet. Let me tell you, it was awesome."

Hey, just getting into the cockpit of an Indy car was an accomplishment for
Castroneves this year. He was under assault from the Internal Revenue Service
and the American judicial system, charged as he was with six counts of tax
evasion and another of conspiracy.

He went through the emotional and financial grind of a federal trial, was
granted an acquittal on the tax evasion charges, and the jury was hung on the
conspiracy rap, which cannot be refiled.

He immediately jump-started his stalled career by hopping a plane from Florida
to California for the second race of the year in Long Beach.

Team Penske had been playing a waiting game to find out if he would be rejoining
the circuit or taking up temporary residence behind bars. They welcomed him back
and hard on the heels of the acquittal came a second-place result in Kansas on
April 26.

With that kind of momentum behind him, May became a whirlwind of activity,
punctuated first by his 34th birthday on the 10th. The month of practice and
qualifying and hoopla was finally capped by his third win at the Brickyard,
following victories in 2001 and 2002. He climbed the fence in trademark fashion
and the feel-good story of the year had been written. But he wasn't quite
finished.

A victory at Texas soon followed and he was dancing to the top of the driver
standings, proving to himself and Team Penske that he was still among the best.
But the euphoria or the adrenaline, whatever was pushing him at the time,
finally wore off. Castroneves has been a complete non-factor in two of the four
races since Texas and comes to Edmonton merely clinging to the possibility of a
championship.

"It's a shame we lost the momentum after Texas," he said. "Momentum is very
important in the series. (Ryan) Briscoe kept the good momentum going. But I'm
not giving up on the championship, but it will be hard. I think it can be done.
I do feel it's possible. In our races, anything is possible.

"I won't give up on the championship until mathematically I don't have a chance,
but we've got to have a little luck."

Sure. He will also have to find the form and speed to challenge Dario
Franchitti, who has stepped back into the IRL scene after a stint in NASCAR and
has begun to dominate. He won for the third time this year in Toronto on July
12, where he had been a force in previous CART races. He may be out of his
element a tad in Edmonton this weekend, since he hasn't seen the City Centre
Airport layout. And Castroneves may take some comfort from the fact he was
second here last year, behind winner Scott Dixon.

But there is a massive points differential from first to fourth, where
Castroneves lingers. Franchitti leads with 347, followed by Dixon at 345 and
Briscoe at 334. Castroneves has 269 and is being chased by Danica Patrick (266),
Dan Wheldon (240) and Marco Andretti (239).

At the last race in Toronto, Castroneves didn't do himself any favours in the
standings, or the hearts of Torontonians, by crashing with hometown hero Paul
Tracy.

"It's funny, man. It was an interesting scenario to have myself booed for the
first time. It is what it is. I admire the fans of Canada. They support their
drivers, Tracy and (Alex) Tagliani. That's what the sport is all about. People
love, people hate.

"I don't take it personally. It was a racing accident. I certainly didn't have
any intention when I'm fighting for the championship, it doesn't make sense for
me to do anything stupid."

There are just seven races left for Castroneves to make up ground and there are
two drivers between him and Franchitti. But again, on balance, he's OK with the
challenge, given that he began the racing season in a courtroom.

"I have moved on from that. I have turned the page and focus on the good. The
good stuff is the racing and the championship.

"But I tell you what man, I am not taking anything for granted now. It was
something I could not control. They thought they had something on me. We were
able to show the difference between fiction and the truth and the only thing I
can say is I had a fair trial.

"I knew I never did anything wrong."

Team Penske thought the same, but had to wait for him to prove it in open court.

"They were there for me from Day 1," he said. "They gave me my life back, my
career back. And we were able to achieve something incredible, winning a third
Indy. It has been huge in my life."

dbarnes@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Getty Image, File; Helio Castroneves climbs the front stretch fence with
his Penske teammates after winning the Indy 500 for the third time this past
May. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

Pastor indicted on;
tax evasion charges

BYLINE: By Billy W. Hobbs< Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 270 words


WARRENTON, Ga. - The pastor of a Warren County church has been indicted on
charges of tax evasion by a federal grand jury.

Otis Ray Hope, the pastor of First Baptist Church of Warren-ton, was indicted
Aug. 14 by grand jurors in Baltimore on three counts of tax evasion and a count
of subscribing to a false document, according to records obtained from the U.S.
District Court of Maryland.

The charges cover 2001 and 2003. During part of that time, Dr. Hope was senior
pastor of Montrose Baptist Church in Rockville, Md.

Federal prosecutors contend he owes about $300,000 in back taxes after
incorrectly reporting his income.

The fourth count covers tax exemption documents for Shiloh Ministries of
Hagerstown Inc., which was operated by Dr. Hope.

Dr. Hope, who has been pastor of the Warrenton church for six months, denies the
allegations.

In an interview with The McDuffie Mirror, Dr. Hope said he told the 12-member
board of deacons about the indictment a couple of weeks ago. It wasn't until
Wednesday night that he decided to tell members of the church.

"I was first made aware of all of this in a telephone conversation that I had
with my son, who still lives in Maryland," said Dr. Hope, who lives in Columbia
County.

He said he immediately went to Baltimore to address the matter "head-on" even
before he had been sent official documentation and ordered to appear at any
court proceeding.

"I wanted to confront this right away," he said.

Thomson resident Vernon Burkey, the chairman of the board of deacons, said the
church's active deacons are supporting Dr. Hope.

"We voted that we would stand behind him," Mr. Burkey said.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 27, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Doctor Admits Perjury About His Credentials; Surgeon Also Guilty Of Income Tax
Evasion

Paul Duggan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 558 words


A Washington surgeon who was a highly paid expert witness for plaintiffs in
hundreds of lawsuits pleaded guilty yesterday to lying under oath about his
medical credentials and evading income taxes.

Jeffrey Goltz, 53, an orthopedist who practiced in Washington and Prince
George's County and had a lucrative sideline as an expert witness in
personal-injury cases, admitted in U.S. District Court in Washington that he
inflated his medical credentials in testimony in a 1991 civil trial.

Goltz, of the 3400 block of S Street NW, in Georgetown, also was accused of
evading about $ 400,000 in income taxes from 1989 to 1992. He allegedly used
more than $ 800,000 in business revenue for personal purchases, claiming they
were business expenses. In a plea agreement, he pleaded guilty to charges
related to his tax filings for 1991.

Goltz's lawyer, Joseph E. diGenova, said his client will cooperate with the
Internal Revenue Service in an audit to determine his tax liability for that
year.

The U.S. attorney's office said Goltz used the diverted business revenue to buy
rare books, art and other items and to pay for renovations to his homes in
Georgetown and Florida. The perjury and tax-evasion charges are punishable by up
to 10 years in federal prison and a $ 500,000 fine. Goltz is to be sentenced
Oct. 8 by U.S. District Judge Royce C. Lamberth.

Questions about Goltz's credibility arose in early 1992, stemming from his 1991
testimony on behalf of an Amtrak worker who had sued the railroad after
suffering a shoulder injury on the job. Goltz had diagnosed a rotator cuff tear
and had operated to correct the problem. Jurors in the lawsuit in federal court
here awarded the worker $ 440,000. But a legal team hired by Amtrak to handle
its appeal discovered that Goltz had exaggerated his credentials in testimony.

In court yesterday, Goltz admitted to testifying falsely in the Amtrak trial
that he had a master's degree; had attended New York University Medical School;
had been chief of orthopedics at two Air Force bases during the Vietnam War; was
a fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons; was on the teaching staff at
Children's Hospital in Washington; was licensed to practice medicine in
California, Pennsylvania, New York, Florida and Alaska; and had surgical
privileges at Georgetown University Medical Center, Washington Hospital Center
and two hospitals in Prince George's.

Goltz was educated at Michigan State University and New York Medical College. He
had surgical privileges at Sibley Hospital in Washington.

In a post-trial hearing in the Amtrak case, a lawyer for the railroad confronted
Goltz with his lies. "This was a pattern which you had been doing in courtrooms
in this city and Maryland and Virginia and elsewhere for 12 years," the lawyer
charged.

"I may have," replied Goltz, whose expert-witness fee was $ 5,000 a day for
court appearances and $ 500 to $ 1,500 an hour for other legal consultations.

The judge asked him why he had lied. "I have no idea why I did it," Goltz said.
". . . I'm seeking help, seeing a psychiatrist on this particular issue."

The injured Amtrak worker eventually accepted less than $ 200,000 in a
settlement with the railroad.

DiGenova said Goltz has agreed to sell his medical practice, which had offices
in Bowie, Oxon Hill and downtown Washington.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 2, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

SPORTS PEOPLE: HOCKEY;
Cheevers Sentenced for Tax Evasion

SECTION: Section B;   Page 8;   Column 1;   Sports Desk

LENGTH: 63 words


GERRY CHEEVERS, the former coach and star goalie of the Boston Bruins, was
sentenced in Concord, N.H., yesterday to three years' probation and 500 hours of
community service for income tax evasion. The United States District Court also
ordered him to pay back $10,000 in back taxes, interest and penalties. In court
in May, Cheevers blamed gambling for his problems. (AP)

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 1, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Tax Lawyer Called Architect of a Tax-Evasion Scheme

BYLINE: By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1356 words


A Tax Court judge has ruled that one of the nation's most prominent tax lawyers,
Burton W. Kanter of Chicago, was "the architect" of a long-running kickback and
tax-evasion scheme in which money was siphoned from funds managed by the
Prudential and Travelers insurance companies.

The special trial judge, D. Irvin Couvillion, ruled that the Internal Revenue
Service had overwhelmingly proved its civil fraud case, saying there were
indications of fraud in the existence of "sham" companies, the destruction of
documents and evasive testimony.

Mr. Kanter said he had done nothing illegal and would appeal. He said he had not
calculated the potential taxes, civil fraud penalties and interest due, but if
the decision was upheld, he said, it could run into tens of millions of dollars
for himself and a former insurance executive, Claude Ballard, and the estate of
another, Robert Lisle.

The Tax Court held that $13 million in kickbacks were paid from 1972 through
1988 by four developers and another man to Mr. Ballard and Mr. Lisle, who were
senior executives with Prudential overseeing its real estate investments.

The kickbacks, the court ruled, were made to them for using their influence to
steer financing and contracts to the developers and the other man. The
executives gave 10 percent of those kickbacks to Mr. Kanter, the court ruled.

"Kanter was the architect who planned and executed the elaborate scheme," Judge
Couvillion wrote in his 606-page decision, issued on Dec. 15. "What we have
here, purely and simply, is a concerted effort by an experienced tax lawyer and
two corporate executives to defeat and evade payment of taxes and to cover up
their acts."

One tactic, he wrote, was to funnel kickbacks to "sham" companies that Mr.
Kanter controlled. Mr. Kanter, the judge wrote, would then withdraw the cash,
replacing it with purported accounts receivable from other sham companies. Such
an exchange, if done properly, can be a legal tax-free swap. But, the judge
wrote, the accounts receivable would be written off as worthless, fabricating a
tax loss for the sham company. These transactions, the judge held, involved no
real exchanges and were frauds.

In case after case, he found, these transactions involved "pure tax avoidance
vehicles" with no business purpose.

The judge characterized Mr. Kanter's testimony at the 1994 trial as
"implausible" and "incredible."

Judge Couvillion, who took five years to reach his ruling, sided with Mr. Kanter
on only a few minor issues, one of them involving $349.

For his part, Mr. Kanter said he was shocked that the judge "could ignore the
testimony of more than a dozen witnesses" who were all "of the highest
integrity" that the payments were not kickbacks.

Mr. Kanter, 68, has earned sizeable fees representing many wealthy Americans
over the years, including Chicago's multibillionaire Pritzker family and a
number of Hollywood producers. Although he said he did not consider himself a
wealthy man, five years ago he had enough financial muscle to try to buy the
Miami Dolphins football team -- the former Chicago Bears coach Mike Ditka and
the Chicago developer Bruce Frey were his partners in that effort.

He has a history of fights with the I.R.S., but in many cases his clients have
come away paying far less in taxes than the I.R.S. sought. When A. N. Pritzker
died in 1986, the I.R.S. sought $150 million in taxes, but because of Mr.
Kanter's elaborate tax planning the family paid $9 million.

Stef Tucker, a Washington tax lawyer and former chairman of the American Bar
Association tax section, said Mr. Kanter was one of the most creative tax
lawyers in the country and was a pioneer in seeing how foreign trusts could be
used to reduce taxes legally. "He was simply using gaps, failures by Congress to
focus on areas in the tax law, to the advantage of his clients," Mr. Tucker
said, adding that Mr. Kanter's willingness to disclose his techniques in
lectures and articles was a strong indicator that they were lawful "although he
was clearly reaching the edges of the envelope."

The court noted that Mr. Kanter and his wife, Naomi, filed tax returns showing a
negative income in each of the 12 years from 1978 through 1989. They reported a
total income in those 12 years of negative $9.4 million and paid income taxes in
only one of those years, 1978, when they paid $1,671.

The I.R.S. has audited his returns every year but one since 1961, Mr. Kanter
said. He said that he had settled the audits through 1973, but that each return
since then was still in dispute.

While Mr. Kanter, a senior editor of the Journal of Taxation, is famous in tax
circles for recommending complex trusts to cut taxes, the judge found that Mr.
Kanter had committed civil fraud, largely by using simple accounting tricks.

Judge Couvillion's opinion notes that the I.R.S. Criminal Investigation Division
investigated Mr. Kanter, but is silent about why no indictment was returned.
Under federal tax law, once a civil suit is begun, no criminal case is allowed.
The I.R.S. and the Justice Department both declined to comment.

The kickbacks, the judge wrote, began in the early 1970's with payments by A. N.
Pritzker to J. D. Weaver, a Tenneco executive, for his help in steering the
contract to manage a new San Francisco hotel to the Pritzker family's Hyatt
Hotels chain. Tenneco and Prudential were partners in financing the hotel. No
one answered repeated calls yesterday to the Pritzker office for comment.

Mr. Weaver, who could not be found for comment, was to be paid 10 percent of the
Hyatt management fees, but soon after the hotel, the Embarcadero Hyatt, opened,
Mr. Pritzker, the family patriarch, assigned Mr. Kanter to negotiate a lower
fee, the judge wrote.

As Mr. Kanter was negotiating with Mr. Weaver, the court found, Mr. Kanter was
also "surreptitiously" negotiating with Mr. Weaver to have 70 percent of the
payments turned over to himself, Mr. Ballard and Mr. Lisle.

Mr. Weaver eventually agreed to accept $150,000 cash from a company Mr. Kanter
controlled in return for relinquishing that 70 percent.

The court said it could find "no reasonable explanation" for Mr. Weaver to give
up millions of dollars of future income in return for $150,000.

The court said the only possible explanation was that Mr. Lisle, Mr. Ballard and
Mr. Kanter wanted to share in the kickbacks for their roles in steering the
contract.

Mr. Kanter said that the judge completely mischaracterized financial deals that
were completely unrelated, fashioning from bits of testimony a kickback scheme
where none existed.

Later, the court found, Mr. Ballard and Mr. Lisle steered Prudential investments
to a variety of hotel, condominium and office projects of four developers: Mr.
Frey of Glencoe, Ill., William Schaffel of New York and Kenneth Schnitzer and
John Eulich of Houston.

Both Mr. Ballard and Mr. Lisle left Prudential in 1982. Mr. Ballard then became
a partner at Goldman, Sachs, and has since retired. Mr. Lisle joined Travelers,
where, the Tax Court found that for the next six years, until he retired, he
steered Travelers investments to developers who paid him kickbacks, sharing the
proceeds with Mr. Kanter. Travelers is now a unit of Citigroup.

The lawyer for Mr. Ballard and for the estate of Mr. Lisle, who died in 1993,
said both men acted properly and that no kickbacks were paid. The lawyer, Royal
B. Martin, said Prudential knew the two men had unrelated financial dealings
with Mr. Weaver and the four developers. He said he was not certain whether
Travelers knew.

Mr. Kanter, in an interview, also said that the payments were unrelated to any
financings by Prudential and Travelers, and that Prudential, at least, knew
about them.

Prudential's chief spokesman, Robert DeFillippo, said the company was reviewing
the case to determine what, if any, action it might take.

Mr. DeFillippo declined to say what rules, if any, Prudential had at the time,
or has now, governing such financial dealings.

Travelers is "researching what actions were taken, if any, regarding Mr. Lisle,"
said Keith Anderson, a Travelers' spokesman.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Judge D. Irvin Couvillion's 606-page decision on kickback
charges and tax evasion also involved the Embarcadero Hyatt in San Francisco.
The judge took five years to reach his ruling, which was issued on Dec. 15.
(Peter DaSilva for The New York Times); Burton W. Kanter denies any wrongdoing
and says he plans to appeal a Tax Court ruling. (University of Chicago Law
School)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Mystic Pizza owner pleads guilty to federal tax evasion, other charges

BYLINE: Greg Smith, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


April 02--John Zelepos, the owner of Mystic Pizza in downtown Mystic -- the
restaurant made famous in the 1988 movie starring Julia Roberts -- is facing the
possibility of prison after pleading guilty Tuesday to tax evasion and financial
structuring offenses, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Zelepos, 48, of North Stonington, from 2006 to 2010, regularly diverted the 56
W. Main St. restaurant's cash business gross receipts and was able to evade
payment of federal taxes from 2006 to 2010, according to a statement from
federal prosecutors.

The cash was deposited into a variety of places including his personal bank
account, his wife's personal checking account and passbook savings accounts in
the name of each of his three minor children, authorities said.

As part of a plea agreement, Zelepos has agreed to make restitution in the
amount of $234,407, plus interest and penalties.

Zelepos also pleaded guilty to intentionally structuring financial transactions
to avoid having the bank file Currency Transaction Reports. He engaged in 61
currency transactions totaling $522,658 in amounts less than $10,000 from Jan.
5, 2010 through Jan. 24, 2011, authorities said.

Knowing the bank was required to issue a report for a transaction in excess of
$10,000, authorities said Zelepos made the transactions in amounts that would
not trigger transaction reporting requirements.

As part of the plea agreement, Zelepos has agreed to forfeit $522,658 of the
money he intentionally structured between January 2010 and January 2011. IRS
Special Agents had already seized $63,084.49 in 2012 from a payroll account
Mystic Pizza held at Chelsea Groton Bank. Those funds are being applied to the
forfeiture, reducing the remaining forfeiture amount to $459,573.51.

U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly issued a statement with the announcement of
Zelepos' plea.

"Our voluntary system of self-reported tax liability depends upon people to
honestly report their income and pay their taxes," Daly said in the statement.
"Those who willfully hide their income and purposefully evade paying their taxes
steal from the public and damage our nation's system of taxation. Violators will
be prosecuted, punished, and obligated to repay their taxes along with
applicable penalties and interest."

U.S. District Judge Victor A. Bolden will sentence Zelepos on June 23 at federal
court in Bridgeport. He faces a maximum of 15 years in prison and a fine of up
to $500,000 on the tax fraud and structuring charges. He was released pending
sentencing.

This matter was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation Division. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorney Peter S. Jongbloed.

g.smith@theday.com

Twitter: @SmittyDay

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150402-NL-Mystic-Pizza-owner-pleads-guilty-to-federal-tax-evasion
-other-charges-0402-20150402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade County Employee Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Coral Gables, Florida, resident and former employee of the General Services
Administration (GSA) of Miami-Dade County was sentenced to serve 51 months in
prison for tax evasion to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay $556,254 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury, the Justice
Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today.

On Oct. 15, 2014, Jesus Pons pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion in the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. According to the court
documents, Pons was a computer services manager at the GSA of Miami-Dade County.
He was responsible for managing and allocating resources to information
technology projects for the county. Court filings also establish that he was
responsible for supervising and managing tasks performed by county vendors. From
2007 to 2011, Pons received money in the form of illegal kickback payments from
two county vendors, Data Industries and Paradyne Consulting Services. In
exchange for these illegal kickbacks, Pons approved payments from Miami-Dade
County to the vendors for consulting work that was never performed. According to
the plea agreement, Pons did not report the illegal kickbacks on his tax
returns. From 2007 through 2011, Pons earned $1,666,998 in income from the
scheme that he did not report to the IRS, causing $556,254 in tax loss.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation. The
case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jeffrey A. McLellan and Erin Pulice of
the Justice Department's Tax Division.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade County Employee Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Coral Gables, Florida, resident and former employee of the General Services
Administration (GSA) of Miami-Dade County was sentenced to serve 51 months in
prison for tax evasion to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay $556,254 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury, the Justice
Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today.

On Oct. 15, 2014, Jesus Pons pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion in the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida. According to the court
documents, Pons was a computer services manager at the GSA of Miami-Dade County.
He was responsible for managing and allocating resources to information
technology projects for the county. Court filings also establish that he was
responsible for supervising and managing tasks performed by county vendors. From
2007 to 2011, Pons received money in the form of illegal kickback payments from
two county vendors, Data Industries and Paradyne Consulting Services. In
exchange for these illegal kickbacks, Pons approved payments from Miami-Dade
County to the vendors for consulting work that was never performed. According to
the plea agreement, Pons did not report the illegal kickbacks on his tax
returns. From 2007 through 2011, Pons earned $1,666,998 in income from the
scheme that he did not report to the IRS, causing $556,254 in tax loss.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation. The
case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jeffrey A. McLellan and Erin Pulice of
the Justice Department's Tax Division.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           September 26, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

U.S. court indicts Uhl on tax charges;
Federal grand jury hands up 12 counts

BYLINE: Steven H. Foskett Jr., TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Worcester lawyer Christopher M. Uhl was indicted yesterday in federal court in
Boston for tax evasion and failure to pay taxes, the Boston U.S. attorney's
office said.

Mr. Uhl, 50, of Southboro, was indicted on six counts of tax evasion and six
counts of willful failure to pay taxes. A federal grand jury in Boston yesterday
handed up the 14-page indictment.

Mr. Uhl did not immediately return phone messages left at his office and on his
cell phone seeking comment last night.

According to the indictment, Mr. Uhl withheld about $148,000 from his employees'
total wages and failed to pay the amount to the IRS from 2000 through 2005.

Mr. Uhl also failed to pay about $68,000 in federal unemployment taxes and
employer contributions to FICA, the payroll tax deduction that supports Social
Security and Medicare, according to the indictment.

"During this period, Uhl issued paychecks to his employees for their weekly
wages and properly withheld taxes from the employees' checks, but then pocketed
the money, instead of submitting it to the IRS," the U.S. district attorney's
office said in a statement.

If convicted on the tax evasion charges, Mr. Uhl faces up to five years in
prison, followed by three years of supervised release and a $100,000 fine. If
convicted on the failure to pay taxes charges, Mr. Uhl faces up to five years in
prison, followed by three years of supervised release and a $10,000 fine,
according to the U.S. attorney's office.

The indictment alleges that during the same period Mr. Uhl failed to pay the
taxes, he failed to properly file certain tax forms with the IRS and the Social
Security Administration, and made false and misleading statements to IRS agents.

"For example, Uhl told IRS agents on June 27, 2006, that all of his employees
were subcontractors and were issued tax form 1099 each year, when in fact Uhl
knew that most of his employees were not subcontractors and were provided tax
form W-2 each year," the indictment said.

Mr. Uhl made the news this week when he filed complaints in Worcester Housing
Court seeking a temporary injunction on behalf of three Shrewsbury women who say
they are being retaliated against for trying to prevent a crab apple tree from
being cut down and for protesting "vindictive" regulations at their senior
housing complex. The women were served eviction notices and ordered to leave
their apartments at Francis Gardens in Shrewsbury within 30 days.

Mr. Uhl also represented two women who, in 2000, unsuccessfully sued "The Oprah
Winfrey Show." The women claimed they were portrayed as battered and abused
women when they were not. The case was later dismissed. Mr. Uhl was verbally

sanctioned at the time by a judge for including a third woman in the lawsuit who
said she never authorized Mr. Uhl or an associate to name her as party to the
suit.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Mr. Uhl

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 25, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry placed on probation

BYLINE: Bruce Golding

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 206 words


Although he agreed to spend three months behind bars for federal tax evasion,
former National League star Darryl Strawberry Monday was spared prison.

U.S. District Judge Barrington D. Parker Jr. said Strawberry deserves a chance
to rebuild his baseball career and imposed a sentence of three years' probation.

The first six months will be spent under house arrest at Strawberry's home in
Rancho Mirage, Calif. He also must pay about $ 350,000 in back taxes, interest
and penalties.

"I'm very grateful that things turned out the way they did, and I'm just looking
forward to turning my life around," Strawberry said.

Strawberry will be allowed to play baseball, including traveling to road games
and practices, while serving his sentence.

He will not be able to begin playing right away. In February, he was suspended
from major league baseball for 60 days and released by the San Francisco Giants
for failing a drug test. He will not be eligible to play until June 24.

In February, Strawberry pleaded guilty to one felony count of tax evasion for
failing to report thousands of dollars of income - usually in cash - he got at
autograph-signing shows in the late 1980s. Taxes on that money would have been $
101,000.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 5, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

MOON ASKS COURT TO REVERSE HIS TAX-EVASION CONVICTION

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 74, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 348 words


The Rev. Sun Myung Moon, founder of the Unification Church, has asked a Federal
appeals court to reverse his tax-evasion conviction on the ground that he was
not allowed to argue that he had been unfairly prosecuted because of his
religion and nationality.

The 62-year-old Korean-born evangelist, in an appeal supported by the American
Civil Liberties Union and national religious groups, including the National
Council of Churches, contended that he had been denied his constitutional rights
of free speech and religious practice.

The documents were filed last Tuesday by Mr. Moon's attorney, Laurence Tribe, in
the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit in Manhattan.

Mr. Moon was convicted last May 18 of failing to report $150,000 in income and
of conspiracy. He was sentenced July 16 to 18 months in prison and a $25,000
fine. An aide, Takeru Kamiyama, was sentenced to six months and a $5,000 fine.
Both have been free pending a decision on the appeal. Mr. Moon's church puts its
membership at three million.

No Comment From U.S.

Patricia Hynes, executive assistant United States attorney in Manhattan, said
the Government had no comment on the appeal.  Mr. Tribe, a professor at Harvard
Law School, argued in the appeal papers that the trial judge, Gerard L. Goettel
of Federal District Court in Manhattan, should have held a hearing on whether
Mr. Moon had been prosecuted because of his religion and nationality.

Mr. Tribe contended that, before the Federal inquiry began, Senator Bob Dole, a
Kansas Republican, had urged the Internal Revenue Service to investigate charges
that Mr. Moon's church was involved in ''mind control and indoctrination'' and
had ''political purposes.''

The attorney also argued that it was impossible for Mr. Moon to get a fair jury,
and that the judge should have decided the case himself.  The religious and
civil liberties groups filed similar arguments in friend-of-the-court briefs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 17, 2012 Saturday
                                 NORTH EDITION

Man gets 1 year for tax fraud;
Shrewsbury businessman

BYLINE: Linda Bock, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 253 words


A Westboro man was sentenced yesterday to a year in prison for his role in a tax
evasion scheme that involved New Hampshire income tax resisters William S. Dion
and Catherine Floyd, both formerly of Uxbridge.

U.S. District Judge F. Dennis Saylor in Boston sentenced Kenneth S. Alcock of
Westboro to 12 months and a day and ordered him to pay $201,000 in restitution.
Mr. Alcock pleaded guilty in January to tax evasion and conspiring to defraud
the federal government. He testified against his alleged co-conspirators in
April, helping to convict them of similar charges.

Mr. Alcock's brother Gary, also of Westboro, owned and operated G&K Trucking
Co., a trash hauling company, as well as Bark Mulch & Loam Co., a landscaping
business. Both companies were operated out of the same site in Shrewsbury.

Under the guidance of Mr. Dion and Ms. Floyd, the Alcocks set up a paper company
called Alex Management to divert and hide business receipts - to make Gary
Alcock's businesses fraudulently "disappear" on paper and evade the Internal
Revenue Service. The brothers used Contract America, a business run by Mr. Dion,
Ms. Floyd and Charles Adams of Norwood, to pay Gary Alcock's employees under the
table without withholding or paying Social Security, Medicare and income taxes.

Gary Alcock, as well as a West Warwick, R.I., couple, Gail and Myron Thorick,
pleaded guilty to the scheme on Dec. 9 and are awaiting sentencing.

Judge Saylor sentenced Mr. Dion to 7 years in prison, Ms. Floyd to 5 years, and
Mr. Adams to 4 years.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Business briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 626 words


GERMANY WILL CLEAR WAY FOR CABLE MERGERS

Liberty Global Inc., the John Malone-led cable-TV company operating outside the
U.S., predicts regulators eventually will clear the way for more cable
acquisitions in Germany.

While antitrust authorities "aren't ready" yet for additional mergers after
Liberty Global's $4 billion takeover of Kabel Baden-Wuerttemberg last year,
"these things evolve," chief financial officer charles Bracken said Wednesday at
an investor conference in Barcelona.

"The benchmark for us in the rest of Europe was to have these national cable
champions," he said. "I see no reason why Germany in the long term shouldn't end
up with the same" structure as other countries.

Guilty plea in income tax evasion case. A Castle Rock man pleaded guilty to one
count of income tax evasion and agreed to pay $80,000 in restitution, the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Denver said Wednesday.

William M. Rogers Jr., 70, was indicted on April 11 and entered his guilty plea
Oct. 31 for failing to file income taxes from 2005 to 2007 and for covering up
his alleged crime.

Rogers, who worked as a pilot, forced companies he worked for, to write out his
paychecks to Sea Scan International -- a Washington-based corporation that he
owned. Rogers then deposited those checks into a bank account for North Pacific
Odyssey, another Washington-based corporation that he controlled, and withdrew
thousands of dollars of checks deposited into that account.

Rogers will be sentenced in February.

Denver real estate No. 24 in Web searches. Denver ranked No. 24 on the list of
most-searched real estate markets in the country in October, up from 26th last
month, according to data released Wednesday by Realtor.com.

Colorado Springs was the 58th most-searched market, Boulder-Longmont No. 114,
Fort Collins-Loveland No. 123 and Pueblo No. 140.

Chicago was No. 1, followed by Philadelphia, Los Angeles-Long Beach, Detroit and
Atlanta.

Corzine blamed for MF Global collapse. Republicans on a House panel that
investigated the collapse of the brokerage MF Global are pinning the blame on
ex-CEO Jon Corzine, a former Democratic senator and governor. The Republicans
say the investigation found that Corzine's decisions caused MF Global's
bankruptcy in October 2011 and its loss of more than $1 billion in customer
money.

They say Corzine turned the brokerage firm into an investment bank that made
risky trades. They also say Corzine ran the firm in an authoritarian manner and
didn't allow anyone to challenge his decisions.

Development update dropped. A scheduled update on the 9th and Colorado
redevelopment project has been dropped from the agenda of Thursday's District 5
Town Hall Meeting.

Denver City Council president Mary Beth Susman said Wednesday that developer
Jeff Fuqua has not finalized a new tenant list for the mixed-use project on the
old University of Colorado Hospital site.

Fuqua initially proposed having a Walmart as the anchor of the project, but
neighborhood objections and the council's reluctance to approve public financing
sent the developer back to the drawing board.

Ski reservations down. Skiers appear to be having reservations about making
reservations at ski areas this winter.

Bookings for the coming season are 3.9 percent behind the same period last year,
according to the latest survey of property managers in 16 mountain destinations
in four Western states by Denver's Mountain Travel Research Program, or MTRiP.

"Resorts have been waiting expectantly for a more favorable environment, but
apparently neither economic nor weather influences have shifted positively in
the minds of reluctant consumers," says Ralf Garrison, director of MTRiP.

Denver Post staff and wire reports

------------------------------------------------------------

Business briefs

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 13, 2012 Thursday

Oldtown man gets 18 months in federal tax evasion case

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Sept. 13--OLDTOWN -- A 50-year-old Oldtown resident was sentenced to 18 months
in prison recently in U.S. District Court in Martinsburg, W.Va., in a tax
evasion case by Judge Gina Groh.

Kenneth Harold Hogan will be on three years of supervised probation upon his
release and was ordered to make restitution in the amount of $128,961 to the
Railroad Board and $90,933 to the IRS, U.S. Attorney William Ihlenfeld II
announced.

Hogan entered a guilty plea April 17 to one misdemeanor count of knowingly
making a false statement for the purpose of causing an award to be made and one
felony count of attempt to evade and defeat taxes for calendar year 2008.

Hogan retired as a railroad employee in 1995 because of a back injury and
applied for a disability annuity through the U.S. Railroad Retirement Board in
May 1997.

He claimed no other employment or self-employment and acknowledged that he would
notify the Railroad Retirement Board if he performed any work. He also
acknowledged that failure to advise the board of any work done was a federal
crime.

Hogan was awarded a total and permanent disability Jan. 19, 1999, retroactively
to February 1996.

Evidence obtained revealed that Hogan fraudulently collected RRB-administered
disability benefits from 2006 through 2008, because he was working and earning
income beyond the "monthly allowable earnings" established by law.

Hogan did not advise the RRB of any of his income earned from his business,
Scrap Brothers Inc., established in 2005 in Cumberland and relocated to Paw Paw,
W.Va. He also failed to file individual and corporate income tax returns for
2006 through 2008.

Hogan, who is free on bond, will self-report to the designated federal
institution.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Erin Reisenweber.

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120913-UM-Oldtown-man-gets-18-months-in-federal-tax-evasion
-case-0913-20120913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Helio Castroneves, the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV "Dancing With The

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 162 words


Helio Castroneves, the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and TV "Dancing With The
Stars" champion, was indicted Thursday on tax evasion and tax fraud charges,
accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in income from
the Internal Revenue Service.

The 33-year-old driver is charged with conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion
for purportedly failing to report to the IRS about $5.5 million in income
between 1999 and 2004, according to court documents. Each count carries a
maximum five-year prison sentence.

Also facing charges are Katiucia Castroneves, the driver's sister and business
manager, and attorney Alan R. Miller of Birmingham, Mich. All three are
scheduled to make court appearances Friday and it wasn't immediately clear if
they had hired defense lawyers.

"This case sends a clear message that the IRS is committed to vigorously
enforcing the tax laws and stopping offshore tax evasion," IRS commissioner Doug
Shulman said.

-- Associeted Press

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ** FILE ** In this May 15, 2005, file photo, IndyCar driver Helio
Castroneves, of Brazil, celebrates with his sister, Kati, after he qualified for
the Indianapolis 500 auto race with an average speed of 227.077 mph at
Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis. Helio Castroneves is facing federal
tax charges in Miami. Castroneves is charged with conspiracy and six counts of
tax evasion from 1999 through 2004. Also indicted in were Constroneves' sister
and business manager, and his attorney. (AP Photo/Tom Strattman, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

Police headlines

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 221 words


Waynesville council member admits to not paying taxes

DAYTON - A Waynesville councilman has pleaded guilty in federal court to tax
evasion.

Richard "Dick" Philpott, 72, on Friday, Aug. 1, admitted to one felony count of
tax evasion on his 2000 federal income tax return. Philpott, who declined
comment Monday, is to be sentenced Oct. 24.

In March, he pleaded not guilty to two counts of tax evasion on his 2000 and
2001 returns.

The U.S. attorney's office for the southern district of Ohio is recommending
probation, a fine and a $100 mandatory special assessment. The maximum sentence
is five years in prison, three years of supervised release and a $100,000 fine.

- Kristin McAllister,

staff writer

Trial begins for dad in death of toddler daughter

HAMILTON - Trial for a father charged with felony child endangering and murder
for allegedly kicking and shaking his 14-monthold daughter began Monday, Aug. 4,
in Butler County.

Rod Edward VanLoan, 33, confessed to the 2007 incident, Fairfield police said,
telling them he was helping Alexis Board walk by holding her hands but kicked
her when she began to fuss. She fell to the floor, hitting hit her head, police
said.

After the child fell a second time, VanLoan picked her up and shook her, an
assistant prosecutor said. The child died at a Cincinnati hospital.

- Lauren Pack,

staff writer

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     March 3, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry faces tax charge

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTSLIN E IN BRIEF; Pg. D7/BREAK

LENGTH: 92 words


Embattled slugger Darryl Strawberry is facing indictment for federal income-tax
evasion.

According to sources familiar with the investigation, federal investigators have
accumulated evidence that Strawberry, 31, failed to disclose "in excess of $
300,000" of income derived from signing autographs at baseball card and
memorabilia shows.

The investigation by the IRS and the U.S. attorney's office includes former Mets
Lenny Dykstra and Howard Johnson as well as Strawberry's close friend Eric
Davis, who now plays for the Detroit Tigers.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Former Miami-Dade County Employee Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 295  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

A Coral Gables, Florida, resident and former employee of the General Services
Administration (GSA) of Miami-Dade County was sentenced to serve 51 months in
prison for tax evasion to be followed by three years of supervised release, and
ordered to pay $556,254 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury, the Justice
Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today.

On Oct. 15, 2014, Jesus Pons pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion in the
U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida.  According to the
court documents, Pons was a computer services manager at the GSA of Miami-Dade
County.  He was responsible for managing and allocating resources to information
technology projects for the county.  Court filings also establish that he was
responsible for supervising and managing tasks performed by county vendors.
From 2007 to 2011, Pons received money in the form of illegal kickback payments
from two county vendors, Data Industries and Paradyne Consulting Services.  In
exchange for these illegal kickbacks, Pons approved payments from Miami-Dade
County to the vendors for consulting work that was never performed.  According
to the plea agreement, Pons did not report the illegal kickbacks on his tax
returns.  From 2007 through 2011, Pons earned $1,666,998 in income from the
scheme that he did not report to the IRS, causing $556,254 in tax loss.

This case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation.  The
case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Jeffrey A. McLellan and Erin Pulice of
the Justice Department's Tax Division.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Former Willows attorney sentenced to federal prison for attempted tax evasion

BYLINE: Ryan Olson

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 416 words


Sacramento >> A man who practiced tax and business law in Willows for 20 years
until 1985 was sentenced Monday for attempted tax evasion.

U.S. District Court Judge Kimberly J. Mueller sentenced Orion Douglas Memmott,
75, to 18 months in federal prison following his Aug. 2013 conviction on
attempted tax evasion and subscribing to a false tax document, according to a
press release from U.S. Attorney Benjamin Wagner.

The prosecution had sought a sentence of 5.9 years, according to online records.

During a 2012 bench trial in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
California, there was testimony that Memmott stole hundreds of thousands of
dollars from investors and clients for personal use. Some money was taken from a
client s medical trust, leaving the client destitute and homeless, according to
the prosecution.

The money was spent on items including travel, personal trainers and a failed
effort at day-trading from 2002 to 2005. The defendant acknowledged he was
obligated to repay investors for money spent on personal expenses.

Memmott graduated from Stanford University Law School and was admitted to the
bar in 1966. After he retired from his law firm in 1985, he engaged in several
business ventures, including making films about the Grand Canyon and Zion
National Park, according to Judge Mueller s verdict. He also formed a consulting
partnership and set up other corporations and partnerships for day-trading and
real estate activities.

While separate entities were established, the defendant didn t maintain clear
lines of separation and would borrow money from the companies or transfer funds
between them.

There were also issues with five Willows-area properties involving Memmott over
the years. The prosecution said the defendant concealed his real estate holdings
and rental income from the Internal Revenue Service. IRS collection agents had
been seeking to collect more than $650,000 in unpaid taxes from 1993 to 1999.

Memmott was originally indicted in September 2008, court records show. The
defendant appeared to have a Grants Pass, Oregon address at the time, but now
appears to reside near Santa Cruz.

The defendant remains out of custody, according to online court documents. He
was ordered to surrender himself by Feb. 23. Memmott s sentence also includes 3
years of supervised release.

Memmott had kept his State Bar license active over the years, but it was
suspended following his conviction.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at facebook.com/NorCalJustice and 896-7763.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS SOUTH CAROLINA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 389 words


Magistrate is accused of accepting drugs

FLORENCE - A magistrate was arrested and charged with misconduct in office after
she accepted drugs from a relative, authorities said.

Florence County Magistrate Rena White, who has been on the bench since April
2002, was arrested Friday and booked at the Florence County Detention Center,
where she normally sets bond.

Ms. White has been accused of taking drugs from a relative who had criminal
charges pending in county magistrate court, and from a witness in the same case,
according to the sheriff's office. The investigation also found Ms. White used
her job repeatedly to get favorable treatment for the relative, the sheriff's
office said.

Sergeant is convicted of felony tax evasion

CHARLESTON - A North Charleston police sergeant arrested by state Revenue
Department agents in 2003 has been convicted on tax evasion charges.

The felony conviction is expected to cost Sgt. Joyce Middleton, who has been on
unpaid leave since the arrest, her $40,000-a-year supervisor's job.

She could have gotten 15 years in prison after a Charleston County jury rejected
her claim that Americans don't have to pay taxes and was convicted on three
counts of tax evasion Friday. But Circuit Judge Danny Pieper issued a two-year
suspended sentence, 60 days to be served on weekends and a $1,000 fine.

Man gets 40 years for fatal 2003 shooting

COLUMBIA - A jury has convicted a man of shooting an acquaintance in the face
and dumping his body in a pond in Newberry County.

Keith A. Sims, 22, was sentenced Friday to 40 years in prison for killing Bryan
Anderson, 21, on New Year's Eve in 2003. Prosecutors said Mr. Sims and several
friends threw his body in a pond, weighing it with cement blocks.

Mr. Sims testified that he shot Mr. Anderson in self-defense. He said Mr.
Anderson threatened him and reached under the seat of a car. Mr. Sims said he
panicked and shot Mr. Anderson under his right eye.

Democrat files to run for secretary of state

COLUMBIA - An Orangeburg Democrat has filed to run for secretary of state, South
Carolina Democratic Party officials said Friday.

Public school teacher Cheryl Footman is the only Democrat to file for the seat.
Two Republicans have filed.

Incumbent Mark Hammond faces L.W. Flynn, a special investigator for a
prosecutor's office, in the GOP primary.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CAROLINA BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tax Defier and Member of Freedom Law School Sentenced to Prison for
Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


 A Point Richmond, California man was sentenced to serve 33 months in prison
yesterday for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, and U.S.
Attorney Brian J. Stretch of the Northern District of California.


 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.  In 2001, Grant stopped
filing individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact
that he received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering &
Manufacturing, an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped
filing annual partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he
continued to pay a CPA to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a
member of Freedom Law School and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership
fees.  While the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) attempted to collect unpaid
taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted to examine Grant's taxes
for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of Freedom Law School and its
founder, Peymon Mottahedeh, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among
other things, filing multiple and ultimately unsuccessful law suits in various
jurisdictions.
 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977 and $604,706, respectively.
 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.
 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes and expenses related to his classic aircraft.
 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount
of $402,457.39.
 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Tax Defier and Member of Freedom Law School Sentenced to Prison for
Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


 A Point Richmond, California man was sentenced to serve 33 months in prison
yesterday for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, and U.S.
Attorney Brian J. Stretch of the Northern District of California.


 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.  In 2001, Grant stopped
filing individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact
that he received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering &
Manufacturing, an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped
filing annual partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he
continued to pay a CPA to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a
member of Freedom Law School and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership
fees.  While the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) attempted to collect unpaid
taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted to examine Grant's taxes
for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of Freedom Law School and its
founder, Peymon Mottahedeh, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among
other things, filing multiple and ultimately unsuccessful law suits in various
jurisdictions.
 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977 and $604,706, respectively.
 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.
 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes and expenses related to his classic aircraft.
 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount
of $402,457.39.
 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS SOUTH CAROLINA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 389 words


Magistrate is accused of accepting drugs

FLORENCE - A magistrate was arrested and charged with misconduct in office after
she accepted drugs from a relative, authorities said.

Florence County Magistrate Rena White, who has been on the bench since April
2002, was arrested Friday and booked at the Florence County Detention Center,
where she normally sets bond.

Ms. White has been accused of taking drugs from a relative who had criminal
charges pending in county magistrate court, and from a witness in the same case,
according to the sheriff's office. The investigation also found Ms. White used
her job repeatedly to get favorable treatment for the relative, the sheriff's
office said.

Sergeant is convicted

of felony tax evasion

CHARLESTON - A North Charleston police sergeant arrested by state Revenue
Department agents in 2003 has been convicted on tax evasion charges.

The felony conviction is expected to cost Sgt. Joyce Middleton, who has been on
unpaid leave since the arrest, her $40,000-a-year supervisor's job.

She could have gotten 15 years in prison after a Charles-ton County jury
rejected her claim that Americans don't have to pay taxes and was convicted on
three counts of tax evasion Friday. But Circuit Judge Danny Pieper issued a
two-year suspended sentence, 60 days to be served on weekends and a $1,000 fine.

Man gets 40 years

for fatal 2003 shooting

COLUMBIA - A jury has convicted a man of shooting an acquaintance in the face
and dumping his body in a pond in Newberry County.

Keith A. Sims, 22, was sentenced Friday to 40 years in prison for killing Bryan
Anderson, 21, on New Year's Eve in 2003. Prosecutors said Mr. Sims and several
friends threw his body in a pond, weighing it with cement blocks.

Mr. Sims testified that he shot Mr. Anderson in self-defense. He said Mr.
Anderson threatened him and reached under the seat of a car. Mr. Sims said he
panicked and shot Mr. Anderson under his right eye.

Democrat files to

run for secretary of state

COLUMBIA - An Orangeburg Democrat has filed to run for secretary of state, South
Carolina Democratic Party officials said Friday.

Public school teacher Cheryl Footman is the only Democrat to file for the seat.
Two Republi-cans have filed.

Incumbent Mark Hammond faces L.W. Flynn, a special investi-gator for a
prosecutor's office, in the GOP primary.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Former Willows attorney sentenced to federal prison for attempted tax evasion

BYLINE: By Ryan Olson rolson@chicoer.com @NorCalJustice on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


SACRAMENTO &GT;&GT; A man who practiced tax and business law in Willows for 20
years until 1985 was sentenced Monday for attempted tax evasion.

U.S. District Court Judge Kimberly J. Mueller sentenced Orion Douglas Memmott,
75, to 18 months in federal prison following his Aug. 2013 conviction on
attempted tax evasion and subscribing to a false tax document, according to a
press release from U.S. Attorney Benjamin Wagner.

The prosecution had sought a sentence of 5.9 years, according to online records.

During a 2012 bench trial in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
California, there was testimony that Memmott stole hundreds of thousands of
dollars from investors and clients for personal use. Some money was taken from a
client's medical trust, leaving the client destitute and homeless, according to
the prosecution.

The money was spent on items including travel, personal trainers and a failed
effort at day-trading from 2002 to 2005. The defendant acknowledged he was
obligated to repay investors for money spent on personal expenses.

Memmott graduated from Stanford University Law School and was admitted to the
bar in 1966. After he retired from his law firm in 1985, he engaged in several
business ventures, including making films about the Grand Canyon and Zion
National Park, according to Judge Mueller's verdict. He also formed a consulting
partnership and set up other corporations and partnerships for day-trading and
real estate activities.

While separate entities were established, the defendant didn't maintain clear
lines of separation and would borrow money from the companies or transfer funds
between them.

There were also issues with five Willows-area properties involving Memmott over
the years. The prosecution said the defendant concealed his real estate holdings
and rental income from the Internal Revenue Service. IRS collection agents had
been seeking to collect more than $650,000 in unpaid taxes from 1993 to 1999.

Memmott was originally indicted in September 2008, court records show. The
defendant appeared to have a Grants Pass, Oregon address at the time, but now
appears to reside near Santa Cruz.

The defendant remains out of custody, according to online court documents. He
was ordered to surrender himself by Feb. 23. Memmott's sentence also includes 3
years of supervised release.

Memmott had kept his State Bar license active over the years, but it was
suspended following his conviction.

Reach reporter Ryan Olson at facebook.com/NorCalJustice and 896-7763.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 13, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NOTES ON PEOPLE;
Flash Gordon Writer Sentenced to Jail

BYLINE: By David Bird and Robert McG. Thomas Jr.

SECTION: Section C; Page 20, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 239 words


Since 1951, long before men made the leap into space, Daniel Barry has been
writing and drawing the Flash Gordon comic strip. ''The scientist's job,'' he
told an interviewer in 1969, ''is to get man into space and onto the planets.
Mine is to presume he is already there and to carry on with the uses and misuses
of the accomplishments.''

On Tuesday in Federal Court in Bridgeport, Conn., Mr. Barry was sentenced to one
year in jail and fined $10,000 for income-tax evasion after pleading guilty to
the charge of not having filed a return in 1978.

Mr. Barry, 59 years old, had been charged with four counts of tax evasion for
not having filed from 1975 through 1978. Under a pleabargaining agreement, the
first three charges were dropped and Mr. Barry pleaded guilty to the fourth
count, for which he received the maximum sentence.

In passing sentence, Magistrate Thomas P. Smith said paying taxes was ''a
fundamental obligation of all citizens'' and hoped the prison term and fine
would be a deterrent to others.

Mr. Barry, formerly of South Kent, Conn., now lives in Sarasota, Fla. He is due
to start serving his sentence June 4. ''Nothing's going to happen to Flash
Gordon,'' said Bill Yates, the comics editor of King Features Syndicate, which
distributes the strip.  ''Being in jail doesn't preclude Dan's doing the
strip.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

New York: Buffalo Man Pleads Guilty To Wire Fraud And Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 238  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



   U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. announced today that Salvatore Letizia,
40, of Buffalo, NY, pleaded guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion before U.S.
District Judge Richard J. Arcara. The wire fraud charge carries up to 20 years
in prison and the tax evasion charge carries up to five years in prison.





 Assistant U.S. Attorney Frank T. Pimentel, who is handling the case, stated
that from 2005 until 2009, Letizia defrauded four individuals out of more than
$360,000. The defendant made false representations to entice the victims to
invest in fictional business ventures.  Letizia took the invested funds and
credit lines and used them for his personal benefit. In addition, the defendant
failed to file any tax returns for the tax years 2005 through 2009 declaring the
income that resulted from the fraudulent activity.



 The plea is the result of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Adam S. Cohen
Niagara, and Special Agents of the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation Division, under the direction of Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special
Agent in Charge.



 Sentencing is scheduled for September 29, 2016, at 12:30 p.m. before Judge
Arcara.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Texas: Amarillo Anesthesiologist Sentenced To 45 Months in Federal Prison on
Federal Tax Evasion Charges

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Texas has issued
the following press release:

Edgar A Lockett, Jr., was sentenced this morning by U.S. District Judge Mary Lou
Robinson to serve 45 months in federal prison and three years of supervised
release following his conviction at trial in September 2013 on six felony tax
evasion charges, announced U.S. Attorney Sarah R. Saldaña of the Northern
District of Texas.

Lockett must pay restitution that amounts to interest and penalty and taxes that
are definitively determined or adjudicated to be the losses resulting from the
crimes of conviction.

After a four-day trial, before U.S. District Judge Mary Lou Robinson, a federal
jury in Amarillo, Texas, convicted Edgar A Lockett, Jr., on all six counts of
the indictment charging tax evasion.

The government presented evidence at trial that Lockett is a self-employed
anesthesiologist who currently resides in Amarillo; he formerly resided and
practiced in other cities in Texas, including Mineral Wells and McAllen. Lockett
most recently billed under the name of Medical & Health Alliance Ministries.

According to evidence the government presented, Lockett has not filed income tax
returns since 1999, except for a joint return filed with his spouse for tax year
2007. He owes the United States $1,432,740 in unpaid income taxes for tax years
2000 through 2010.

The government presented further evidence that Lockett concealed from the IRS
the nature, extent and location of his assets by placing funds and property in
the names of nominee companies and secreting his income in bank accounts that he
opened using his deceased father's name and social security number.

The investigation was conducted by IRS Criminal Investigation.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/txn

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                            December 4, 2006 Monday

State and Region Briefs

BYLINE: The (Kansas City) Daily Record staff

LENGTH: 323  words


New York, Nebraska business owners plea in Lipitor case


Two business owners from Nebraska and New York pleaded guilty in federal court
Thursday to participating in a $42 million dollar conspiracy to sell
counterfeit, illegally imported and misbranded Lipitor and a conspiracy to sell
stolen pharmaceutical drugs.Richard K. Rounsborg, 48, who owned and operated
Med-Pro in Lexington, Neb., admitted he participated in a conspiracy to sell
counterfeit, misbranded and illegally imported drugs from February 2002 until at
least April 2003. And Albert David Nassar, 51, of New York City, co-owner of
Worldwide Pharmaceuticals, admitted he participated in a conspiracy to sell
stolen pharmaceutical drugs from December 2001 to April 2003.Members of the
conspiracy purchased Lipitor that was intended for distribution in South America
and smuggled it into the United States. Because the cost of purchasing Lipitor
intended for distribution outside the United States is lower, Bradley J.
Schlozman, U.S. attorney for the Western District of Missouri said, members of
the conspiracy were able to sell the drugs for a lower price.Under federal
statutes, Rounsborg and Nassar each could be sentenced up to five years in
federal prison without parole, plus a fine up to $250,000. Three additional
co-defendants, Michael Allyn Carlow, 54, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., Douglas C.
Albers, 55, of Leawood, Kan., and Alexander Nassar, 43, of Miami, Fla., also
have pleaded guilty to charges related to the conspiracy.


Pleasant Hill man charged with tax evasion

A federal grand jury on Tuesday indicted a Pleasant Hill man for tax evasion.
Terry L. Gerber, 47, was charged with failing to file an income tax return and
pay taxes for 2000 and 2001. According to the indictment, Gerber received
taxable income of $138,348 and owed about $54,782 in 2000. The second count
alleges Gerber had received taxable income of $334,465 and owed approximately
$135,784 in 2001.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: Brian Bolus agrees to plead guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Nov. 19--Tax evasion plea deal reached

SCRANTON -- A Lewisburg man already facing charges for health insurance fraud
and environmental crimes agreed Wednesday to plead guilty to income tax evasion.

Brian J. Bolus, 45, of Lewisburg, reached the plea deal with federal prosecutors
relating to his 2012 income tax return. According to court papers, Mr. Bolus
underreported his income, resulting in a tax loss of $139,203 to the government.

Mr. Bolus, the son of Scranton businessman Bob Bolus, is awaiting trial in
Northampton County on charges his company, Minuteman Environmental Services,
illegally dumped wastewater from Marcellus Shale drilling operations.

-- TERRIE MORGAN-BESECKER

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151119-YT-BRF-Brian-Bolus-agrees-to-plead-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-1119-20151119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Theater sold

BYLINE: By Anna Marie Kukec, Daily Herald Business Writer akukec@dailyherald.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 415 words


In the wake of a $1.3 million tax evasion case filed by the state, the Hollywood
Palms movie theater in Naperville has been sold to Houston, Texas-based Star
Cinema Grill.

The acquisition closed Tuesday and terms of the deal were not disclosed. The
Naperville theater joins another Star Cinema Grill that opened two years ago in
Arlington Heights and more could be added later, Star Cinema Grill Vice
President of Operations Gustavo Vazquez said Thursday.

"There will be no interruption of service and everything is going to continue to
operate the same, at least through the summer, when we plan to make some
upgrades," Vazquez said about the Naperville location.

Upgrades include expanding the hours of operation and adding more screens and
seating, including leather chairs. More workers also may be hired. More than 100
employees will be retained, he said.

Star Cinema Grill offers customers meal and bar service while they watch
first-run movies. It has three locations in Texas and two now in the Chicago
suburbs.

The Hollywood Palms opened in September 2009 as a combination movie theater, bar
and restaurant offering dinner and a movie. But the company behind the theater
ran into trouble with the state last year.

The Illinois Department of Revenue and the Illinois attorney general's office
filed a lawsuit in December 2014 against Hollywood Palms owner Edwin C. "Ted"
Bulthaup III of Woodridge.

Bulthaup was accused of evading sales taxes and use taxes at the Naperville
theater and at Hollywood Blvd. Theater in Woodridge, which he had owned and
operated until February 2014. He was accused of underreporting sales by about
$18 million at the two theaters between 2009 and 2013, according to court
documents.

Bulthaup said in a published report last December that he "never committed
fraud." He did not return a call seeking comments on Thursday.

The charges he faced included sales tax evasion, fraud and 104 counts of wire
fraud, according to the Illinois attorney general's office. The next court date
for the tax case is May 19.

In February, the Naperville Theater LLC, doing business as Hollywood Palms,
filed a Chapter 11 bankruptcy petition in federal court. The company had roughly
$800,000 in assets and $8.3 million in liabilities. It was seeking a new owner
and intended to remain open for business.

Bulthaup previously worked as a concert promoter and as a theater operator in
Indianapolis.

* Daily Herald staff writers Marie Wilson and Justin Kmitch contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARK BLACK/mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2012 Ted Bulthaup was the
owner of the Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Blvd. movie theaters in Naperville
and Woodridge. Bulthaup is embroiled in a $1.3 million tax evasion case. MARK
BLACK/mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2012 Ted Bulthaup was the owner of the
Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Blvd. movie theaters in Naperville and Woodridge.
Bulthaup is embroiled in a $1.3 million tax evasion case.MARK
BLACK/mblack@dailyherald.com, JANUARY 2012 Ted Bulthaup was the owner of the
Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Blvd. movie theaters in Naperville and Woodridge
in this January 2012 file photo.BEV HORNE/bhorne@dailyherald.com, JANUARY 2012
Inside the Hollywood Palms in Naperville in January 2012.BEV
HORNE/bhorne@dailyherald.com, JANUARY 2012 Movie posters hang above the lobby at
the Hollywood Palms in Naperville. Upgrades may come this summer, but for now,
operations will remain the same at the theater. BEV
HORNE/bhorne@dailyherald.com, JANUARY 2012 Movie posters hang above the lobby at
the Hollywood Palms in Naperville. Upgrades may come this summer, but for now,
operations will remain the same at the theater.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 18, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BAPTIST LEADER PLEADS GUILTY TO FEDERAL TAX EVASION, FRAUD;
LYONS ALREADY HAD BEEN CONVICTED OF SWINDLING

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A16

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, FLA.


Already convicted of state swindling charges, the Rev. Henry Lyons pleaded
guilty Wednesday to federal tax evasion and fraud stemming from his running of
the National Baptist Convention USA.

"In 60 or more days, the federal and state government will take my body and lock
it up, but my soul and my mind will never be shackled and will always serve
God," Lyons said later.

He pleaded guilty on one count of bank fraud, two counts of tax evasion, one
count of making false statements to a bank officer and one count of making false
statements to the federal government.

Other charges were dropped in return for his guilty plea. The charges paralleled
a state case in which he was convicted of fleecing more than $ 4million from
companies trying to do business with the black church organization.

Lyons' troubles began in July 1997 when his wife set fire to a $ 700,000
waterfront home he owned with another woman, Bernice Edwards of Milwaukee. She
was a co-defendant at Lyons' trial and was acquitted of racketeering charges.
She still faces trial on federal charges.

Lyons stole money from companies seeking to do business with church members and
inflated the number of people belonging to the Baptist group to lure the
companies.

Lyons acknowledged mistakes, saying he was truly sorry and willing to accept
responsibility for the misdeeds that occurred while he was leading the
convention.

The plea arrangement came one day after Lyons' tearful resignation. He was
convicted two weeks ago of state charges of racketeering and grand theft.

Lyons, 57, faces three years to seven years in prison under state guidelines for
those convictions. Sentencing is set for March 31.

The federal charges carry a total possible sentence of 75 years and hefty fines.



LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 3, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

NBC AIDE ACQUITTED IN TAX CASE

BYLINE: By GLENN FOWLER

SECTION: Section C; Page 13, Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 290 words


A former unit manager for NBC News who was dismissed with others who were
charged with embezzling expense-account funds has been acquitted of income-tax
evasion charges by a Federal jury.

The verdict Monday in Manhattan Federal Court for Joseph P. Torina was the first
in a jury trial involving a person in the kickback case that broke two and a
half years ago. The network revealed at that time that many of its unit
managers, who handle business arrangements for crews at news events, had
received kickbacks on services and equipment from suppliers.

The practice was said to have dated at least to 1968 and to have cost the
network hundreds of thousands of dollars.

2 Vice Presidents Pleaded Guilty

Although two former NBC vice presidents have pleaded guilty to Federal fraud
charges in the case, Mr. Torina was the first person to come to trial. A second
former unit manager is scheduled for trial Monday on income-tax evasion charges.

After a trial lasting nearly three weeks, Mr. Torina was cleared of two counts
of tax evasion and two counts of signing a false return.  The prosecution had
charged that the defendant had received $18,000 in undeclared income in 1977 and
1978, when he was a unit manager, by ''systematically submitting false expense
vouchers.''

In the court actions that have been brought against former managers, most of the
charges have focused on arrangements for NBC's coverage of the national
political conventions in 1972 and 1976. The managers were said to have submitted
false invoices for cash outlays and to have split the proceeds 50-50 with
suppliers of services and equipment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 5, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Tax Evasion

SECTION: Section 3; Page 19, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 237 words


To the Business Editor: I read ''How Tax Evasion Has Grown'' (March 15) with
some interest and agree with its conclusions with some reservations. The
implication that accountants are willing participants in tax evasion schemes is
a disservice to the profession. The American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and the New York State C.P.A. Society are very vigilant in this
area, although there are bound to be a few rotten apples.

The real problem of tax evasion, one that has increased tremendously over the
last 10 years, is an awareness by the taxpayer of the inefficiency of big
Government and it's reallocation of wealth through taxation. The great majority
of hardworking taxpayers are honest people, but they resent what they perceive
to be ''handouts'' to malingerers and phonies, whether justified or not.  People
resent much minority directed programs such as CETA, welfare, etc., and this is
their expression. For example, there are many people employed ''off the books''
by the service and food industries; yet these same people collect welfare and
other Government largess.  JAMES R. BONERBO Certified Public Accountant,
Yonkers, N.Y. March 16, 1981

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Washington: Tax Defier And Member Of Freedom Law School Sentenced To
Thirty-Three Months' Imprisonment For Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A resident of Point Richmond, Calif. was sentenced late yesterday to serve 33
months in prison for tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Brian J. Stretch,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, and Special Agent in Charge of Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Michael T. Batdorf.



 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.

 According to evidence presented at trial, in 2001, Grant stopped filing
individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact that he
received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering & Manufacturing,
an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped filing annual
partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he continued to pay a CPA
to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a member of Freedom Law
School, and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership fees.  While the IRS
attempted to collect unpaid taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted
to examine Grant's taxes for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of
Freedom Law School, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among other
things, filing multiple law suits in various jurisdictions.  These lawsuits were
unsuccessful.

 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977, and $604,706, respectively.

 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.

 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes, and expenses related to his classic aircraft.

 "Mr. Grant spent years trying to devise and implement ways to avoid paying his
taxes," said U.S. Attorney Stretch.  "In the end, his violations of the law
equated to three years in jail and substantial monetary penalties.  Similar
results await those who cheat on their taxes."

 "This was not a case about someone who simply fell behind in a good faith
effort to keep up with their taxes, rather someone who earned millions of
dollars and paid no taxes," said Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.
"Mr. Grant moved his funds out of the traditional banking system which enabled
him conceal ownership and hide his income.  Today's sentencing sends a message
that those who intentionally undermine our tax system will not go undetected and
will be held accountable."

 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release, as well as pay restitution to the IRS in the
amount of $402,457.39, costs of prosecution of $4,400.90, and a fine of $7,500.
Grant was ordered to appear to begin serving his sentence on January 9, 2016,

 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson, and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Washington: Tax Defier And Member Of Freedom Law School Sentenced To
Thirty-Three Months' Imprisonment For Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A resident of Point Richmond, Calif. was sentenced late yesterday to serve 33
months in prison for tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Brian J. Stretch,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, and Special Agent in Charge of Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Michael T. Batdorf.



 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.

 According to evidence presented at trial, in 2001, Grant stopped filing
individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact that he
received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering & Manufacturing,
an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped filing annual
partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he continued to pay a CPA
to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a member of Freedom Law
School, and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership fees.  While the IRS
attempted to collect unpaid taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted
to examine Grant's taxes for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of
Freedom Law School, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among other
things, filing multiple law suits in various jurisdictions.  These lawsuits were
unsuccessful.

 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977, and $604,706, respectively.

 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.

 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes, and expenses related to his classic aircraft.

 "Mr. Grant spent years trying to devise and implement ways to avoid paying his
taxes," said U.S. Attorney Stretch.  "In the end, his violations of the law
equated to three years in jail and substantial monetary penalties.  Similar
results await those who cheat on their taxes."

 "This was not a case about someone who simply fell behind in a good faith
effort to keep up with their taxes, rather someone who earned millions of
dollars and paid no taxes," said Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.
"Mr. Grant moved his funds out of the traditional banking system which enabled
him conceal ownership and hide his income.  Today's sentencing sends a message
that those who intentionally undermine our tax system will not go undetected and
will be held accountable."

 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release, as well as pay restitution to the IRS in the
amount of $402,457.39, costs of prosecution of $4,400.90, and a fine of $7,500.
Grant was ordered to appear to begin serving his sentence on January 9, 2016,

 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson, and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2016 Monday

Washington: Tax Defier And Member Of Freedom Law School Sentenced To
Thirty-Three Months' Imprisonment For Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 688  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A resident of Point Richmond, Calif. was sentenced late yesterday to serve 33
months in prison for tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Brian J. Stretch,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, and Special Agent in Charge of Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Michael T. Batdorf.



 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.

 According to evidence presented at trial, in 2001, Grant stopped filing
individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact that he
received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering & Manufacturing,
an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped filing annual
partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he continued to pay a CPA
to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a member of Freedom Law
School, and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership fees.  While the IRS
attempted to collect unpaid taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted
to examine Grant's taxes for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of
Freedom Law School, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among other
things, filing multiple law suits in various jurisdictions.  These lawsuits were
unsuccessful.

 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977, and $604,706, respectively.

 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.

 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes, and expenses related to his classic aircraft.

 "Mr. Grant spent years trying to devise and implement ways to avoid paying his
taxes," said U.S. Attorney Stretch.  "In the end, his violations of the law
equated to three years in jail and substantial monetary penalties.  Similar
results await those who cheat on their taxes."

 "This was not a case about someone who simply fell behind in a good faith
effort to keep up with their taxes, rather someone who earned millions of
dollars and paid no taxes," said Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.
"Mr. Grant moved his funds out of the traditional banking system which enabled
him conceal ownership and hide his income.  Today's sentencing sends a message
that those who intentionally undermine our tax system will not go undetected and
will be held accountable."

 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release, as well as pay restitution to the IRS in the
amount of $402,457.39, costs of prosecution of $4,400.90, and a fine of $7,500.
Grant was ordered to appear to begin serving his sentence on January 9, 2016,

 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson, and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Scranton man admits to tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Laura Fay, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


March 25--A Scranton man evaded taxes by sending tobacco products from a
Scranton warehouse to contacts in Massachusetts and Connecticut and falsifying
invoices, according to the office of Massachusetts U.S. Attorney Carmen M.
Ortiz.

Irfan Sami, 46, pleaded guilty Monday in Boston to three counts of wire fraud
and one count of conspiracy. He was part of a multi-state business that evaded
tobacco taxes in Massachusetts and Connecticut.

Mr. Sami sent falsified invoices from the Scranton warehouse to two workers at a
warehouse in Springfield, Massachusetts, "knowing that the fake invoices would
be used to prepare false tobacco tax returns with Massachusetts tax
authorities," according to the October indictment of the business owner, Syed
Bokhari.

Mr. Bokhari's business, registered as Cigars & Supplies Inc., was located at
1111 S. Washington Ave., according to Department of State records. Agents with
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives raided the warehouse in
2012, as agents worked simultaneously in Massachusetts and Connecticut.

Since 2001, Mr. Bokhari had been running a business that sold wholesale tobacco
products and other items to retailers, according to the indictment. Around 2005,
he started selling cigars and smokeless tobacco wholesale from the Scranton
warehouse.

Working for Mr. Bokhari in Scranton, Mr. Sami prepared fake invoices that were
about equivalent to the total value of cigars sold with the tax included in the
price and sent them to warehouses in Springfield, Massachusetts, and Danbury,
Connecticut. These false invoices were then used to evade taxes because they
severely underreported the amount of tax due in those states, according to Mr.
Bokhari's indictment.

The U.S. attorney's office also accused Mr. Bokhari of providing Mr. Sami with
money and a place to live and promising to help him with an "immigration issue"
because he was in the country illegally. A grand jury indicted Mr. Bokhari last
year but he has not yet been tried.

The other co-conspirators in the case, Jugjeev Kharbanda and Hasmit Kharbanda,
have already pleaded guilty.

Contact the writer:

lfay@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150325-YT-Scranton-man-admits-to-tax-evasion-charges-0325-20150325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Scranton man admits to tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Laura Fay, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


March 24--A Scranton man evaded tobacco taxes by sending tobacco products from a
Scranton warehouse to contacts in Massachusetts and Connecticut and falsifying
invoices, according to the office of Massachusetts U.S. Attorney Carmen M.
Ortiz.

Irfan Sami, 46, pleaded guilty Monday in Boston to three counts of wire fraud
and one count of conspiracy. He was part of a multi-state business that evaded
tobacco taxes in Massachusetts and Connecticut.

Mr. Sami sent falsified invoices from the Scranton warehouse to two workers at a
warehouse in Springfield, Massachusetts, "knowing that the fake invoices would
be used to prepare false tobacco tax returns with Massachusetts tax
authorities," according to the October 2014 indictment of the business owner,
Syed Bokhari.

The indictment didn't reveal the location of the warehouse. Efforts to reach the
U.S. attorney's office regarding its location were unsuccessful.

Since 2001, Mr. Bokhari had been running a business that sold wholesale tobacco
products and other items to retailers, according to the indictment. Around 2005,
he started selling cigars and smokeless tobacco wholesale from a Scranton
warehouse.

Working for Mr. Bokhari in Scranton, Mr. Sami prepared fake invoices that were
about equivalent to the total value of cigars sold with the tax included in the
price and sent them to warehouses in Springfield, Massachusetts, and Danbury,
Connecticut. These false invoices were then used to evade taxes because they
severely underreported the amount of tax due in those states, according to Mr.
Bokhari's indictment.

The U.S. attorney's office also accused Mr. Bokhari of providing Mr. Sami with
money and a place to live and promising to help him with an "immigration issue"
because he was in the country illegally.

The other co-conspirators in the case, Jugjeev Kharbanda and Hasmit Kharbanda,
have already pleaded guilty.

Mr. Sami's sentencing is slated for Sept. 24. He could face a maximum sentence
of five years in prison and three years of supervised release for conspiracy and
a fine of $250,000. Additionally, each charge of wire fraud could carry up to 20
years in prison and three years of supervised release and the same fine,
according to a statement from Mr. Ortiz's office.

Contact the writer: lfay@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150324-YT-Scranton-man-admits-to-tax-evasion-charges-0324-20150324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 6, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Another Pardon Stirs Controversy;
Herbal Marketer Faces U.S. Tax Evasion Probe

BYLINE: Peter Slevin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 911 words


When President Bill Clinton pardoned 140 people on his final day in the White
House, wealthy herbal remedy marketer A. Glenn Braswell made the list.
Presidential forgiveness covered Braswell's 1983 convictions for fraud, perjury
and tax evasion, restoring his civil rights.

Yet, even as Clinton was granting Braswell a pardon, federal investigators were
examining what they called "a massive tax evasion and money-laundering scheme"
allegedly conducted by Braswell and his California dietary supplement empire.

No charges have been filed in the investigation of what a prosecutor in
California court documents describes as an effort by Braswell to move millions
of dollars offshore through a shell company.

It is not clear whether Clinton was aware of the current criminal investigation.
The former president has not discussed the case, and efforts to reach him for
comment through spokesman Jake Siewert were unsuccessful.

Justice Department officials would not discuss Braswell's pardon. Amid the
flurry of last-minute pardons and commutations, Braswell's name was one of about
two dozen announced without details, suggesting that Clinton had left little
time for federal law officers to evaluate Braswell.

Yet, less than four months before his pardon, Braswell invoked the Fifth
Amendment against self-incrimination more than 100 times in a two-hour
deposition in a South Carolina civil case, opposing lawyer Vernon Glenn said
yesterday.

After the pardon was announced Jan. 20, federal investigators worried that
Clinton had pardoned Braswell for any criminal charges that could arise from the
current investigation. Assured yesterday by the Justice Department that the
pardon covered only the 1983 case, Los Angeles prosecutors said they will
continue to pursue the money-laundering and tax matters.

Former Miami U.S. attorney Kendall Coffey, one of former vice president Al
Gore's attorneys in the Florida recount case, represented Braswell in his effort
to obtain a pardon. Coffey did not return several telephone calls seeking
comment. Washington attorney Gerald Feffer, who represents Braswell in the tax
and money-laundering probe, declined to discuss his client.

Braswell "has probably managed to sell more health-related products with
misleading claims than anyone else in the history of the world. His gross intake
has very likely been over a billion dollars," said Stephen Barrett, who runs an
independent watchdog organization, Quackwatch.com. "I can't imagine that anyone
who was involved knew what Braswell was all about. If they did, this is even
worse."

In the 16 days since the pardons were announced, Clinton has been excoriated for
his decisions and the last-minute confusion of the process. In a number of
cases, he issued pardons or commutations without conducting traditional
consultations with the Justice Department.

The pardon of fugitive commodities trader Marc Rich, who renounced his U.S.
citizenship to avoid extradition and trial, has triggered two Capitol Hill
inquiries.

Braswell's companies, including Gero Vita International, sell herbs and
vitamins, and market them through mass mailings and a company magazine, the
Journal of Longevity. Advertisements proclaim the ability to slow the aging
process, cure hereditary baldness, shrink prostate glands and enlarge breasts,
among other achievements.

Among the doubters are the Food and Drug Administration and the Federal Trade
Commission, which have issued notices critical of the companies. In 1995, the
FDA banned the importation of Gero Vita products sold on the basis of claims
that they can prevent or treat disease.

The editors of Consumer Reports wrote in 1998: "We see a lot of misleading
marketing, but what spews out of Gero Vita Industries rivals the worst." They
said the company sent glossy booklets "masquerading as science. The booklets
cite actual studies, but twist the findings to support the company's own
unsubstantiated claims."

"One of the company's most highly hyped products is GH3, a vitamin and herb
medley that costs $ 29.95 a month," the magazine continued. "The promotional
material calls it an anti-aging formula. The FDA calls it 'an old health-fraud
product.' "

IRS agents raided Braswell's business in Marina Del Rey, Calif., in 1999. In a
document filed six months later in an unrelated Santa Monica civil suit,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul H. Rochmes accused Braswell of conducting a
"massive" scheme to ship money beyond the reach of U.S. tax authorities.

Rochmes alleged that Braswell, "for his own benefit," created a shell company
and directed payments to the firm for no other apparent purpose than moving
money offshore. The prosecutor said Bermuda-based Deleon Global Trading was paid
for products it purportedly shipped, yet it had no staff, factory or warehouse
-- and billed at inflated prices.

Also last year, the George W. Bush campaign and the Florida Republican Party
returned $ 250,000 of Braswell's contributions after Braswell embarrassed Bush's
brother Jeb, the Florida governor. The Journal of Longevity printed a doctored
letter of endorsement of alternative medicine under Jeb Bush's byline.

"Do the people who arrange for the pardons investigate?" Barrett asked. "Whoever
is involved in the process should be required to submit the names to some other
government body to investigate. There should be some oversight."

Special correspondent Jeff Adler and researcher Margot Williams contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Two Charged in $32 Million Tax-Evasion Case

SECTION: First Section; The Federal Report; The Federal Triangle; A21

LENGTH: 193 words


In one of the nation's largest individual tax-evasion cases, a gas station owner
and his tax preparer have been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of
failing to report income of $32 million.

Edward H. Dunbar of Castro Valley, Calif., allegedly underreported $32 million
in federal income during 1980, 1981 and 1982, according to the indictment lodged
Wednesday. Dunbar owns a group of San Francisco East Bay-area gas stations.

Internal Revenue Service spokesman Larry Wright said the case represents the
largest dollar amount in an individual tax-evasion case in California and is
believed to be the third largest in the nation's history.

Tax preparer Bernard J. Valdez, of Hayward, Calif., was indicted on charges of
conspiracy and tax evasion.

Dunbar allegedly doctored records in his computer to underreport his income and
overstate his expenses during the three-year period. Assistant U.S. Attorney
Michael Yamaguchi said Dunbar could owe at least $1.2 million in back taxes.

The IRS began investigating Dunbar when an informant, who operated the computer
system for the tax preparation company, tipped off government officials.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

St. Louis County Man Indicted on Tax Charges

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri has issued
the following press release:

JOHN WEHRLE was indicted for tax evasion and filing false tax returns.

According to the indictment, Wehrle transferred more than $700,000 to his
personal bank account during 2008 and 2010 from an account he controlled with
funds generated by venture capital investment management companies he lead.
When questioned about the transfers during an IRS audit, Wehrle is alleged to
have created backdated loan documents to support his contention that the
transfers were loans rather than income.

Wehrle's business partner in the venture capital management businesses, Burton
Douglas Morriss, pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 2013 and is serving a
five-year sentence for his offense.

"Honest taxpayers need to be reassured that everyone is paying their fair
share," said Tanya Brewer, Acting Special Agent in Charge of IRS Criminal
Investigation, St. Louis Field Office.

Wehrle, St. Louis County, was indicted by a federal grand jury Wednesday on two
counts of tax evasion and two counts of filing a false tax return.

If convicted, Wehrle faces a maximum penalty of five years in prison on each of
two tax evasion counts and up to three years in prison on each of two counts of
filing a false tax return.  Each of the four counts carries a maximum fine of
$100,000.  Restitution will also be sought for the defendant's additional tax
liability. In determining the actual sentences, a Judge is required to consider
the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, which provide recommended sentencing ranges.

This case was investigated by Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation.
Assistant United States Attorney Tom Albus is handling the case for the U.S.
Attorney's Office.
As is always the case, charges set forth in an indictment are merely accusations
and do not constitute proof of guilt.  Every defendant is presumed to be
innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

Bergen County, N.J. Man Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 266  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Bergen County, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 18 months in prison for
tax evasion, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Mikhail Goldman, 63, of Fort Lee, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Michael A. Hammer to a one-count information charging him
with tax evasion for failing to report a total of $600,000 in income that he
received between 2007 and 2011.  Goldman was sentenced to 18 months in prison by
United States District Judge Faith S. Hochberg.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Goldman received $12 million in checks written to various companies controlled
by him, which he cashed for a fee of 5 percent of the face amount of each check.
Goldman then failed to disclose those retained fees of $600,000 on his income
tax returns to avoid paying the taxes he owed.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Hochberg sentenced Goldman to three years
of supervised release and ordered Goldman to pay over $120,000 in restitution to
the United States.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation,
under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen, for the
investigation leading to today's sentence.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          November 21, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Tax Lawyer Is Convicted Of Evasion

BYLINE:  ByDAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 477 words


Max C. Tanner, a former Internal Revenue Service lawyer who contended that he
sincerely believed that he did not have to pay income taxes on the millions he
made from a stock swindle, was convicted in Las Vegas Monday night of tax
evasion, securities fraud and 35 other federal charges growing out of the fraud.

The swindle was run out of an office in the Empire State Building, where sales
agents for Baxter, Banks & Smith, a stock brokerage firm that is now defunct,
made cold calls to find investors. In the spring and summer of 1998, the firm
sold shares of a cleaning service called Maid Aide for as much as $9.375 a
share; the indictment in the case stated that the brokers were paid kickbacks of
up to 70 percent of the sales price for the 1.78 million shares of Maid Aide.

In the only trade in recent months, shares of the successor company to Maid Aide
changed hands on Nov. 9 for 2 cents each.

Before the brokers turned it into a highflying stock, Maid Aide was a one-person
business run by the woman who cleaned the office of Dennis D. Evans, a Las Vegas
stock promoter also charged in the case. He was convicted on one count of
conspiracy to commit securities fraud.

In a trial that lasted five weeks, Mr. Tanner built his defense on a United
States Supreme Court precedent known as the Cheek defense. In a 1991 case
involving John L. Cheek, an American Airlines pilot, the court held that if an
individual could persuade a jury that he sincerely believed that he did not have
to pay taxes, even if there was no rational basis for the belief, the person
could not be convicted of tax evasion -- a crime that requires intent.

Even when such a defense is successful, the court said that the taxes must still
be paid.

Mr. Tanner earned a master's degree in tax law from Georgetown University and
for several years, more than two decades ago, he worked in the national office
of the I.R.S. on requests by individuals for private letter rulings on tax
issues.

His lawyer, Brian Sun of O'Neill, Lysaght & Sun in Santa Monica, Calif.,
declined comment last night because the jury had resumed deliberations to
determine if, under the money-laundering laws, Mr. Tanner should be stripped of
his assets.

Testimony was given that Mr. Tanner funneled $10 million of income through
Vancouver, British Columbia, to the Cayman Islands, including $8 million in
gains from the Maid Aide shares. The defense called this not tax evasion, but a
"tax deferral" arrangement.

Guilty pleas were entered earlier by three other defendants: Kevin J. Ruggiero
of Lyndhurst, N.J., a stockbroker; and two stock promoters, Kenneth W. Kurtz of
Salt Lake City and Mark A. Taylor of Tampa.

Under federal sentencing guidelines, Mr. Tanner faces 14 to 17 years in prison.
He is scheduled to be sentenced March 15 by Judge Kent J. Dawson of United
States District Court in Las Vegas.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 10, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled by Jerry Stack Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 596 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Strawberry Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion Charges REST

Former New York Mets slugger Darryl Strawberry pleaded guilty Thursday to tax
evasion.

The plea, entered after negotiating an agreement designed to limit his sentence
to a three-month prison term followed by three months of home confinement, came
three days after Strawberry, 32, was suspended from baseball and released by the
San Francisco Giants for failing drug tests.

Strawberry's plea said he failed to pay between $ 75,000 and $ 120,000 in taxes
from 1986 to 1990. The charges said he hid more than $ 500,000 in income from
memorabilia shows and personal appearances. BASKETBALL Virginia's Point Guard To
Miss Season

Cory Alexander, the floor leader and No. 2 scorer for 17th-ranked Virginia, will
miss the rest of the season because of a broken right ankle. Alexander, a junior
point guard, was hurt in Wednesday's 65-55 victory over North Carolina State. He
missed last season after fracturing a bone in the same ankle in Virginia's
season opener. Washington U. At Home Tonight

Aiming at its third University Athletic Association title, No. 8 Washington
University opens a two-game homestand tonight, entertaining Carnegie Mellon at
7:30 at the WU Field House. The 18-2 Bears, winners of a school-record 13
consecutive games, need two more wins to claim the UAA title and the automatic
bid to the NCAA Division III tournament. FOOTBALL Schottenheimer May Pull Double
Duty

Kansas City coach Marty Schottenheimer reportedly is considering making himself
his own defensive coordinator. The Chiefs' defensive coordinator last season,
Dave Adolph, recently accepted the same position with the San Diego Chargers.

Offensive guard Mark Bortz, 33, of the Chicago Bears retired, ending a 12-year
NFL career that included two Pro Bowls and a Super Bowl. TENNIS Becker Pays Back
Leconte

Boris Becker needed less than an hour to beat Henri Leconte, 6-0, 6-4, in the
second round at the Marseille Open in France. Leconte beat Becker in the second
round of the tournament last year.

Chanda Rubin beat veteran Pam Shriver 6-4, 6-1 and advanced to the quarterfinals
of the Ameritech Cup in Chicago. Rubin meets second-seeded Gabriela Sabatini
today. Brenda Schultz and Zina Garrison Jackson also advanced and meet today.
Magdalena Maleeva will play qualifier Laurence Courtois, 19, in another
quarterfinal.

Pat Cash of Australia advanced to the quarterfinals of the Dubai Open in United
Arab Emirates, with a 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 win over Spain's Albert Costa. GOLF Logjam
Atop Buick Invitational

Dan Pohl and Joel Edwards finished 7-under-par 65s with 18th-hole eagles,
joining Phil Mickelson and Chris DiMarco atop the leader board after the opening
round of the Buick Invitational in San Diego.

Payne Stewart, David Ogrin, Brad Faxon, Brandel Chamblee and Bob Burns were at
66. Defending champ Craig Stadler tied five at 67. MISCELLANEOUS Two Americans
Suspended

The International Amateur Athletic Federation suspended Americans Mike Gravelle
and Gea Johnson for failing drug tests. Gravelle, the top-ranked U.S. discus
thrower, and Johnson, a former NCAA heptathlon champion, face four-year bans.

Bob Schacht, the fastest driver on the opening day of practice, stayed out front
with a pole-winning lap of 194.305 mph in qualifying for Sunday's Daytona ARCA
500 stock car race in Daytona Beach, Fla.

Tommy Evans won his last six matches and built a 17-pin lead over Dave
D'Entremont after four rounds of the Professional Bowlers Association's Choice
Hotels Classic in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Prison Bound: DARRYL STRAWBERRY leaves federal court in
White Plains, N.Y., after pleading guilty to tax evasion.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 10, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Two Indicted in Miami in a Case Tied to B.C.C.I.

BYLINE: By KURT EICHENWALD

SECTION: Section 1; Page 36; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 866 words


The Justice Department yesterday announced an indictment involving what it said
was an illegal scheme linked to the Bank of Credit and Commerce International.
But the indictment did not name the bank, and lawyers familiar with the
investigation said the charges were too little and too late.

A Jordanian businessman and his accountant were indicted in Miami on charges of
tax evasion stemming from a coffee-smuggling scheme that court documents show
was financed by B.C.C.I.

The indictment focuses on Munther Ismael Bilbeisi, a former resident of Boca
Raton, Fla., and his accountant, Kenneth J. Grushoff, and is the first Federal
indictment to be filed involving the bank since it was seized by regulators
worldwide last month. In late July, a state grand jury in New York indicted the
bank and two of its former executives for money laundering, bribery and fraud.
And the bank pleaded guilty in 1990 to Federal charges of money laundering.

The Justice Department has come under pressure recently as critics accused it of
moving far too slowly to investigate the bank. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh
said last Sunday that indictments would be coming from several investigations,
but private lawyers in Miami, who are familiar with the coffee-smuggling charge,
said the department had had evidence of wrongdoing for years but did little with
it.

The Bilbeisi case had been investigated for almost five years by lawyers for
Lloyd's of London, the insurance giant that underwrote Mr. Bilbeisi's coffee
shipments. The insurer said that years ago, it turned over a small mountain of
documents about the bank's role in the smuggling scheme to Federal prosecutors
in Florida and Washington, D.C., but that it saw no results.

As a result of that delay, lawyers said, no charges involving violations of
customs laws could be brought against Mr. Bilbeisi and Mr. Grushoff because the
statute of limitations had run out.

 U.S. Attorney's Rebuttal

"The U.S. Attorney, through negligence, permitted the statute of limitations on
many customs violations involving the smuggling of coffee to expire when the
evidence of the entire smuggling operation was available to him for over two and
a half years," said James F. Dougherty, a Miami lawyer for Lloyd's.

Dexter W. Lehtinen, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of
Florida, who announced the indictment in Miami yesterday, rebutted that
accusation. "These are some of the core subject matters that have been under
investigation for the last 18 months," he said. "The course of this
investigation has been faster than almost any of these white-collar
investigations."

Mr. Lehtinen also said he could not have brought other charges earlier. "The
statutes ran out long before any responsible investigation could have provided
any evidence of smuggling," he said. "And the proper way to address this
criminal activity is through tax charges."

G. Douglas Tillett, a spokesman for the Justice Department, said other inquiries
still continued that could result in more indictments. "There are multiple
investigations in four places," he said. "The investigations continue in Miami,
as well as the three other cities" -- Tampa, Atlanta and Washington.

 Smuggling Charges

According to the indictment, Mr. Bilbeisi, the owner of Coffee Inc., a
commodities company, engaged in a scheme to smuggle millions of dollars' worth
of coffee into the United States with the shipments financed by B.C.C.I. The
charges say that, as part of the scheme, Mr. Grushoff accepted $45,000 in
payoffs from Mr. Bilbeisi to falsify his client's Federal income tax returns and
Coffee's books.

The Government described a complex conspiracy to commit tax fraud. For example,
in one instance, the Government said that Mr. Bilbeisi siphoned about $1 million
from Coffee Inc. for his personal use in 1984 but that Mr. Grushoff, at his
client's instructions, altered the books. As a result, the books did not show
income going to Mr. Bilbeisi, but rather phony contributions by Mr. Bilbeisi to
the company, the Government said.

The Government also said Mr. Bilbeisi evaded almost $850,000 in Federal personal
income taxes on more than $1.9 million in taxable income from 1984 through
Coffee Inc. and filed false returns reporting losses of almost $1 million in
1984 and 1985, when the company actually earned $2.8 million in those years.

 Response by Accused Unavailable



Arthur Koski, a Miami lawyer who works with Mr. Bilbeisi, did not return a
telephone call seeking comment. Efforts to locate Mr. Grushoff were
unsuccessful.

Louis C. Altemar, who used to work for Mr. Bilbeisi, has agreed to plead guilty
to a single charge of filing a false income tax return. Mr. Altemar, who lawyers
said was an important witness in the Bilbeisi case, will not be prosecuted for
any other tax violations in exchange for his testimony.

Since the seizure of the bank in early July by Britain and six other countries,
B.C.C.I. has been said to have links to many illegal schemes, including illicit
arms deals, kickbacks and a multibillion-dollar fraud that former employees said
was done at the direction of the bank's top executives.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: United States Attorney Dexter W. Lehtinen yesterday announced
the indictment of two men on tax-evasion charges growing out of the
investigation of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International. Mr. Lehtinen,
holding some of the indictment notes in his hands, paused to talk with reporters
after making the announcement at a news conference in Miami. (Susan Greenwood
for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 14, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

2 OIL COMPANIES MAY FACE STATE TAX-EVASION CHARGES

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 782 words


Tax-evasion charges against two oil companies involved in a bitter feud have
been turned over to the New York State Attorney General for possible criminal
prosecution, according to state officials.

One of the companies was founded by Martin Carey, Governor Carey's brother, who
could face criminal charges, the officials said.  The second is a large
independent company on Long Island that took over all of the Carey company's
gasoline stations two years ago when Martin Carey failed to pay a debt of about
$700,000.

The owner of the second concern, Vantage Petroleum, charged that his company was
being singled out unfairly because of its dispute with the Governor's brother.
State officials contend that Vantage failed to pay $1.5 million in excise taxes
on about 12 million gallons of gasoline in 1979 and 1980.

'A Lot of Pressure'

''You realize there's a lot of pressure being brought by the Governor and his
brother,'' said the owner of Vantage Petroleum, Lawrence Iorizzo. ''If they're
bringing this up, they may be trying to discredit us.''

The Governor's office said it was not involved at all in the matter and referred
all questions to James H. Tully Jr., the state's Commissioner of Taxation and
Finance. Mr. Tully said he could not comment on the Vantage case, but strongly
disputed Mr. Iorizzo's charges.

''Everybody's treated the same,'' Mr. Tully said. ''We're looking for nonpayment
or noncollection of taxes in Suffolk County and we're going to go after whoever
defrauded the state or didn't pay their taxes, no matter who their friends or
enemies are.''

The feud between Martin Carey and Mr. Iorizzo stems from a rupture in a
previously close relationship between Mr. Carey's company, Petroleum Combustion
International, and Vantage.

Manages Gasoline Stations

Vantage, which describes itself as the largest independent oil company in the
New York, New Jersey and Connecticut area, owns and manages gasoline stations
and supplies other companies with gasoline. One of those companies was Mr.
Carey's, which leased and sublet gas stations on Long Island.

Vantage, through a related company, took over Mr. Carey's company after Mr.
Carey failed to meet payments to Vantage.  Since then, relations between the two
companies have been stormy.  The feud spilled into the public arena recently
when officials affiliated with Vantage made a variety of charges against Mr.
Carey, including allegations that he had sold gasoline contaminated with
chemicals.

Martin Carey has repeatedly declined to comment on the dispute or the tax case
against him. That case, which was made public last week by Mr. Tully, involves
about $150,000 in unpaid sales taxes on gasoline sold at his stations when he
was in control of the company, state officials said.

Based on State Audits

In the Vantage case, according to officials who asked not to be named, the
amount of taxes found to be unpaid emerged from state audits of Vantage's own
books.

''The curious thing about this is that most of it was pretty much established
off their own records,'' one official said. ''The distributor was picking up a
lot of gasoline on Long Island, selling it to the dealers, keeping a lot of
records and not paying the tax.''

''Unfortunately,'' the official said, ''it is an indication of the problems we
have with the underground economy and how voluntary compliance is splitting at a
lot of seams.''

Vantage is also now being prosecuted in Nassau County on charges of violating
environmental laws, and officers of the company were convicted early this year
of criminal contempt of court.

Other Charges Dismissed

However, a series of other indictments brought against the company on more
serious charges by District Attorney Patrick Henry of Suffolk County were
dismissed.

Tim Gillies, a spokesman for the state's Attorney General, Robert Abrams, said
he could not comment publicly on the cases, but he confirmed that the Attorney
General's office had been discussing the Martin Carey matter with the State
Taxation and Finance Department for some months.

Robert Polstein, Mr. Iorizzo's attorney, said, ''There hasn't been a civil
assessment even at this point. Vantage is in the same position as any other
taxpayer whose return is being audited.''

''If any information was released by the Tax Department or the Attorney
General,'' he added, ''I think that's entirely inappropriate.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Tax Defier And Member Of Freedom Law School Sentenced To Thirty-Three Months'
Imprisonment For Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 697  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Central District of
California has issued the following news release:



  A resident of Point Richmond, Calif. was sentenced late yesterday to serve 33
months in prison for tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Brian J. Stretch,
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, and Special Agent in Charge of Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI) Michael T. Batdorf.





 In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.



 According to evidence presented at trial, in 2001, Grant stopped filing
individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact that he
received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering & Manufacturing,
an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped filing annual
partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he continued to pay a CPA
to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a member of Freedom Law
School, and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership fees.  While the IRS
attempted to collect unpaid taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted
to examine Grant's taxes for subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of
Freedom Law School, attempted to frustrate the IRS's actions by, among other
things, filing multiple law suits in various jurisdictions.  These lawsuits were
unsuccessful.



 For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grant's partnership income was
$509,339, $566,741, $486,062, $598,977, and $604,706, respectively.



 In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.



 After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashier's checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashier's checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes, and expenses related to his classic aircraft.



 "Mr. Grant spent years trying to devise and implement ways to avoid paying his
taxes," said U.S. Attorney Stretch.  "In the end, his violations of the law
equated to three years in jail and substantial monetary penalties.  Similar
results await those who cheat on their taxes."



 "This was not a case about someone who simply fell behind in a good faith
effort to keep up with their taxes, rather someone who earned millions of
dollars and paid no taxes," said Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.
"Mr. Grant moved his funds out of the traditional banking system which enabled
him conceal ownership and hide his income.  Today's sentencing sends a message
that those who intentionally undermine our tax system will not go undetected and
will be held accountable."



 In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve
three years of supervised release, as well as pay restitution to the IRS in the
amount of $402,457.39, costs of prosecution of $4,400.90, and a fine of $7,500.
Grant was ordered to appear to begin serving his sentence on January 9, 2016,



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson, and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Tax Defier and Member of Freedom Law School Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 533  words


Used Warehouse Bank, Prepaid Debit Cards, Cashiers Checks, and Postal Money
Orders to Conceal Income and Assets From IRS

A Point Richmond, California man was sentenced to serve 33 months in prison
yesterday for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Departments Tax Division, and U.S.
Attorney Brian J. Stretch of the Northern District of California.

In June, Richard Thomas Grant, 63, was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion following a jury trial in Oakland, California.  In 2001, Grant stopped
filing individual income tax returns and paying income taxes despite the fact
that he received significant income as a partner with Grant Engineering &
Manufacturing, an engineering company in Richmond.  In 2003, Grant stopped
filing annual partnership returns for Grant Engineering, even though he
continued to pay a CPA to prepare these returns.  That same year, Grant became a
member of Freedom Law School and paid thousands of dollars in yearly membership
fees.  While the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) attempted to collect unpaid
taxes owed by Grant for 2001 and 2002, and attempted to examine Grants taxes for
subsequent years, Grant, with the assistance of Freedom Law School and its
founder, Peymon Mottahedeh, attempted to frustrate the IRSs actions by, among
other things, filing multiple and ultimately unsuccessful law suits in various
jurisdictions.

For the charged years 2005 through 2009, Grants partnership income was $509,339,
$566,741, $486,062, $598,977 and $604,706, respectively.

In an effort to conceal his assets and income, in 2005, Grant significantly
curbed the use of his checking accounts and began depositing his partnership
distributions at a warehouse bank known as MyICIS in Berryville, Arkansas.
Warehouse banks can be used to conceal ownership of funds in part by commingling
such funds with those of other individuals.  Between April 2005 and October
2006, Grant wrote hundreds of checks drawn on the MyICIS account and funded
multiple prepaid debit cards.  Grant used the checks and debit cards to pay his
mortgage and other personal expenses.

After the federal government shut down MyICIS, Grant used another bank to
convert his partnership distributions to cashiers checks and cash in order to
avoid depositing the funds into a bank account and used the cashiers checks to
pay his mortgage and other high-dollar personal expenses.  He also used cash to
purchase dozens of U.S. Postal money orders to pay other bills and expenses,
including utilities, taxes and expenses related to his classic aircraft.

In addition to the term of prison imposed, Grant was also ordered to serve three
years of supervised release and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$402,457.39.

Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Stretch
commended agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation,
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Colin Sampson and Trial Attorney Matthew Kluge of
the Tax Division, who prosecuted the case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: SAYRE, PENNSYLVANIA COUPLE SENTENCED FOR TAX EVASION SCHEME

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania,
announced that Randy Talada, age 58, and Sandy Talada, age 59, both of Sayre,
Pennsylvania, were sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Matthew W. Brann today
in Williamsport.

Randy Talada was sentenced to 21 months' incarceration to be followed by a
three-year term of supervised release for conspiracy to commit mail fraud and
tax evasion.  Sandy Talada was sentenced to 6 months' incarceration and 6
months' home confinement to be followed by a two-year term of supervised release
for tax evasion.

The tax evasion was the result of the Taladas' failure to report income derived
from their theft of small game of chance winnings from the Fort Sullivan Post
246 American Legion located in Athens, Pennsylvania.  Randy Talada, the Bar Club
manager at the time of thefts, also failed to report his wages.  He was also
convicted for conspiracy to commit mail fraud for supplying false statements via
mail to the State Worker's Insurance Fund (SWIF).  At the sentencing hearing
today, he was ordered to pay $171,000 in restitution to SWIF.  The Taladas also
owe IRS approximately $54,000.

The investigation was conducted by the IRS, Criminal Investigations Division,
the FBI and the Athens Borough Police Department.  The case was prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorney Todd K. Hinkley.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/pam

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Sayre Couple Sentenced in Tax Evasion Scheme

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania,
announced that Randy Talada, age 58, and Sandy Talada, age 59, both of Sayre,
Pennsylvania, were sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Matthew W. Brann today
in Williamsport.

Randy Talada was sentenced to 21 months' incarceration to be followed by a
three-year term of supervised release for conspiracy to commit mail fraud and
tax evasion. Sandy Talada was sentenced to 6 months' incarceration and 6 months'
home confinement to be followed by a two-year term of supervised release for tax
evasion.

The tax evasion was the result of the Taladas' failure to report income derived
from their theft of small game of chance winnings from the Fort Sullivan Post
246 American Legion located in Athens, Pennsylvania. Randy Talada, the Bar Club
manager at the time of thefts, also failed to report his wages. He was also
convicted for conspiracy to commit mail fraud for supplying false statements via
mail to the State Worker's Insurance Fund (SWIF). At the sentencing hearing
today, he was ordered to pay $171,000 in restitution to SWIF. The Taladas also
owe IRS approximately $54,000.

The investigation was conducted by the IRS, Criminal Investigations Division,
the FBI and the Athens Borough Police Department. The case was prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorney Todd K. Hinkley.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

Washington: Sayre Couple Sentenced in Tax Evasion Scheme

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Pennsylvania,
announced that Randy Talada, age 58, and Sandy Talada, age 59, both of Sayre,
Pennsylvania, were sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Matthew W. Brann today
in Williamsport.

Randy Talada was sentenced to 21 months' incarceration to be followed by a
three-year term of supervised release for conspiracy to commit mail fraud and
tax evasion. Sandy Talada was sentenced to 6 months' incarceration and 6 months'
home confinement to be followed by a two-year term of supervised release for tax
evasion.

The tax evasion was the result of the Taladas' failure to report income derived
from their theft of small game of chance winnings from the Fort Sullivan Post
246 American Legion located in Athens, Pennsylvania. Randy Talada, the Bar Club
manager at the time of thefts, also failed to report his wages. He was also
convicted for conspiracy to commit mail fraud for supplying false statements via
mail to the State Worker's Insurance Fund (SWIF). At the sentencing hearing
today, he was ordered to pay $171,000 in restitution to SWIF. The Taladas also
owe IRS approximately $54,000.

The investigation was conducted by the IRS, Criminal Investigations Division,
the FBI and the Athens Borough Police Department. The case was prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorney Todd K. Hinkley.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lawyer Convicted of Tax Evasion Seeks New Trial

BYLINE: By BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 239 words


Paul Daugerdas, a former lawyer at the defunct law firm Jenkens & Gilchrist, and
three other defendants convicted in a 10-year tax shelter scheme have asked a
judge for a new trial, saying a juror had lied about her background.

In papers filed in federal court in Manhattan, lawyers for the convicted
defendants claimed that Catherine Conrad, Juror No. 1 in the trial, had hidden
details of her background from the court, including a law degree and at least
four arrests. She is also serving probation for shoplifting.

The request for a new trial was dated July 8. Judge William Pauley of Federal
District on Monday ordered the request made public.

Carly Sullivan, a spokeswoman for the United States attorney's office in
Manhattan, declined to comment on the filing.

Mr. Daugerdas, the former head of Jenkens & Gilchrist's Chicago office, was
indicted with six other people in June 2009 on charges of conspiracy and tax
evasion for selling phony tax shelters from 1994 to 2004. Robert Greisman, a
former partner at BDO Seidman, and Erwin Mayer, a former lawyer with Jenkens &
Gilchrist, pleaded guilty and cooperated with the government.

In May, the jury including Ms. Conrad convicted Mr. Daugerdas on more than 20
criminal counts, including conspiracy, tax evasion and attempting to impede the
Internal Revenue Service. The jurors found three of Mr. Daugerdas's
co-defendants guilty of tax evasion and other charges and acquitted a fourth.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

Nightclub owner sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 280 words


Jul. 9--The former owner of numerous popular bars and nightclubs throughout the
East Valley has been sentenced to two years in federal prison for income tax
evasion in the amount of nearly $2 million.

Brian C. Roehrich, 40, of Phoenix, was sentenced Wednesday in U.S. District
Court on four counts of federal income tax evasion during 2003, according to
information from the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Roehrich, who pleaded guilty to the offenses on Dec. 2, 2008, admitted he
established procedures to maintain separate accounting of cover charge revenue
collected from patrons of Sugar Daddy's in Scottsdale and from the patrons of
his Dos Gringos restaurants and his Tempe Trailer Park restaurant, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

In his plea agreement, Roehrich admitted that the total amount of taxes he
evaded in the period of 2002 through 2005 was approximately $1.9 million.

Roehrich was the owner of at least five restaurants or clubs in Scottsdale,
Tempe, Mesa and Chandler, and also owned the Cherry Lounge and Pit on Mill
Avenue in Tempe, according to his Internet web site.

Roehrich also had owned Dos Gringos Mesa Mexigrill, 1958 S. Greenfield Road,
Mesa, and Dos Gringos Mexigrill, 1361 N. Alma School Road, Chandler, according
to Roehrich's Web site.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090709-MZ-Nightclub-owner-sentenced-for-tax-evasion-0709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 10, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMPANY NEWS;
GEBAUER OFFERS GUILTY PLEA

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT

SECTION: Section D; Page 3, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 546 words


A former top officer of the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company pleaded guilty, as
expected, in Federal court yesterday to charges of defrauding the bank by making
$4.3 million in unauthorized withdrawals from the accounts of Brazilian
depositors.

Antonio Gebauer also pleaded guilty to tax evasion and to using his position as
a senior vice president to make $2.9 million in unauthorized loans to six
Brazilian accounts to cover up the withdrawals.

Howard Wilson, chief of the criminal division for the United States District
Attorney for the Southern District of New York, said in an interview that no
more charges would be brought against Mr. Gebauer. But Mr. Wilson said there was
a continuing investigation ''to determine whether there are other people who
should be charged with crimes.''

Reads Admission of Guilt

Mr. Gebauer, wearing a dark pin-striped suit and flanked by his lawyers, read
his admission of guilt in a low voice to Judge Robert W. Sweet of the Federal
District Court for the Southern District of New York.

Mr. Gebauer pleaded guilty to single counts of bank fraud and tax evasion and
two counts of false bank reports and statements.

''I did all of these things knowingly and willfully and with the intention of
defrauding Morgan and its officers and employees,'' Mr. Gebauer said.

The tax evasion charge stemmed from the fact that Mr. Gebauer did not report
$3.4 million in taxable income between 1977 and 1983, on which $1.7 million in
taxes is owed. With interest and penalties, the amount due could double, Mr.
Wilson said.

Judge Sweet accepted the plea and set sentencing for Dec. 11. Mr. Gebauer faces
a maximum penalty of 20 years in jail and $360,000 in fines.

Under a plea bargain arranged by his lawyer, Stanley S. Arkin, Mr. Gebauer did
not plead guilty to embezzlement, which has a maximum prison sentence of five
years, the same as fraud. But embezzlement, some industry officials say, carries
a more negative connotation.

Mr. Gebauer, a 46-year-old Venezuelan, was released after posting a $2 million
personal recognizance bond, backed by his co-op apartment on East 71st Street in
Manhattan. His Venezuelan passport was seized.

A Key Latin American Post

Mr. Gebauer was in charge of Morgan Guaranty's Latin American lending operations
from 1981 to 1983. When he resigned from the bank in 1985, he was responsible
for maintaining relations with the heads of industrial companies in South
America.

Mr. Arkin said he and the bank reached an agreement two months ago under which
his client would make restitution to the bank if Morgan Guaranty promised not to
file any civil claim. John M. Morris, a spokesman for Morgan Guaranty, said Mr.
Gebauer had agreed to pay back the $4.3 million.

''This unprecedented and regrettable matter is ended,'' Mr. Morris said. ''No
controls system is perfect, but we've done what we can to make it even
stronger.'' He declined to say what changes the bank had made.

Mr. Arkin, who has advised his client not to talk to reporters, said: ''He's not
an evil person. In South America, bankers are free to do things they're not free
to do here.''

Mr. Wilson of the United States Attorney's office, taking a different view of
Mr. Gebauer's actions, said, ''He lied to and cheated the bank.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

IRS: York man sentenced to jail for tax evasion

BYLINE: Lauren Boyer, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 282 words


Jan. 24--YORK, Pa. --

A York man was sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion, according to
the Internal Revenue Service.

On Sept. 11, 2012, Thomas pleaded guilty to attempting to evade his 2006 federal
income taxes.According to court records, between 2002 and 2004, in Washington,
D.C., Thomas formed multiple entities whose names contained the initials ECG,
which stood for ESOP Capital Group.

The following information was reported by the IRS:

ECG purported to provide financial, business and other management services to
companies that were interested in creating employee stock ownership plans.

In or about 2005 and 2006, Thomas, through ECG, contracted to provide such
services to two companies in Maine.

As part of his guilty plea, Thomas admitted that he failed to file his 2005
through 2007 individual income tax returns and failed to file 2005 through 2007
corporate income tax returns for ECG.

Thomas admitted that he engaged in a series of affirmative acts of evasion
during 2005 through 2007, including concealing his income by moving earnings
from the Maine companies into bank accounts in the name of his wife, withdrawing
cash on a weekly basis totaling more than $400,000, using cashier's checks, and
titling his primary residence in the name of his wife.

Thomas also admitted that he failed to report at least $573,785 of income and
that his tax evasion during 2005 through 2007 resulted in a tax loss to the IRS
of at least $154,362. Thomas, who could not be reached for comment, remains on
personal recognizance bond, according to court records.

___ (c)2013 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130124-YO-IRS-York-man-sentenced-to-jail-for-tax-evasion-0124-20130124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2013 York Daily Record


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

Sedalia man pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Apr. 15--A Sedalia man pleaded guilty to tax evasion in federal court on
Wednesday.

According to the Office of the United States Attorney for the Western District
of Missouri in Kansas City, Rickie Lee Keele, 53, of Sedalia, waived his right
to a grand jury and pleaded guilty to tax evasion before U.S. District Judge
Greg Kays.

According to the Office of the U.S. Attorney, Keele, who owns several rental
properties and is self-employed doing odd jobs and maintenance work, filed
income tax returns but failed to report some of his income during the tax years
from 2003 to 2007 -- a total of $48,405 in taxes owed.

Keele admitted that he only reported income from his handyman business and one
of his rental properties.

Keele kept the money he received from his handyman business and rental income in
cash so he could conceal it from the Internal Revenue Service, according to the
Office of the U.S. Attorney.

Keele also admitted that he used money obtained from his rental properties to
structure the purchase of a house.

The structuring involved purchasing cashier's checks in denominations under
$3,000 in multiple names in order to avoid federal reporting requirements. This
property was seized at the beginning of the investigation, according to the
Office of the U.S. Attorney.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100415-SX-Sedalia-man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-0415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           February 15, 2007 Thursday

Pair charged in alleged $2.2 million insurance fraud, tax scheme

BYLINE: By John Woolfolk, MediaNews Staff

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 525 words


Santa Clara County prosecutors today said they have charged a San Jose man and a
Pleasanton woman with an alleged $2.2 million insurance fraud and tax evasion
scheme.

Gerald Quint, 50, of San Jose, and Susan Stommel, 50, of Pleasanton, were
arrested Wednesday night on suspicion of 14 felony offenses including workers'
compensation insurance fraud, grand theft, income and corporate tax evasion and
unemployment insurance tax evasion.

If convicted on all counts, they face more than 15 years in prison.

"By avoiding millions of dollars in required taxes and insurance premium, the
defendants not only profited illegally, but also gained an unfair advantage over
honest business competitors," District Attorney Dolores Carr said in a press
statement.

The pair are being held in Santa Clara County jail with bail set at $1 million
each. The district attorney's office was unsure if they had hired lawyers.

Prosecutors said the scheme cost the state of California and workers'
compensation insurance companies $2.2 million -- $3 million with interest and
penalties included. The district attorney's office has a news conference
scheduled at 12:30 p.m. today with state officials to discuss the case.

The accused pair own and operate New Century Transportation Inc., a Nevada
corporation registered to do business in California. Prosecutors said the
company has about 30 employees, and provides transportation services throughout
Santa Clara County. The company contracts with Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority to provide Altamont Commuter Express shuttle and Downtown Area Shuttle
services.

The company also contracts with corporations to run shuttle buses from major
transportation hubs and light rail stations to corporate offices. New Century
also operates the shuttle buses for Villa Montalvo concerts and charters to
various casinos.

The arrest followed a joint investigation by the Santa Clara County District
Attorney's Office and the state Department of Insurance, Franchise Tax Board,
and Employment Development Department.

Prosecutors said the probe revealed that between 2004 and 2006, New Century
failed to report more than $4.5 million in paid wages to the state EDD as
required by law. Quint and Stommel, they said, allegedly deducted personal
income taxes and disability taxes from employees' wages during that time, but
pocketed the funds instead of remitting them to the EDD.

As a result, the pair defrauded the EDD of more than $280,000. And because paid
wages are used as the primary basis to calculate a business' workers'
compensation insurance premium, prosecutors said "such gross underreporting in
payroll" also illegally and substantially lowered the workers' compensation
insurance premium for New Century. Prosecutors alleged the total amount of
premium defrauded between 2003 and 2006 is more than $1.3 million.

The investigation also showed that the defendants failed to report nearly $11
million in New Century's revenue from 2002 through 2005, resulting in evasion of
more than $480,000 in state corporate and personal income taxes, prosecutors
alleged.

Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com or (408) 975-9346.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 15, 2007 Thursday

Pair charged in alleged $2.2 million insurance fraud, tax scheme

BYLINE: John Woolfolk, Mercury News

LENGTH: 579 words


Santa Clara County prosecutors today said they have charged a San Jose man and a
Pleasanton woman with an alleged $2.2 million insurance fraud and tax evasion
scheme.

Gerald Quint, 50, of San Jose, and Susan Stommel, 50, of Pleasanton, were
arrested Wednesday night on suspicion of 14 felony offenses including workers'
compensation insurance fraud, grand theft, income and corporate tax evasion and
unemployment insurance tax evasion. If convicted on all counts, they face more
than 15 years in prison.

``By avoiding millions of dollars in required taxes and insurance premium, the
defendants not only profited illegally, but also gained an unfair advantage over
honest business competitors,'' District Attorney Dolores Carr said in a press
statement.

The pair are being held in Santa Clara County jail with bail set at $1 million
each. The district attorney's office was unsure if they had hired lawyers.

Prosecutors said the scheme cost the state of California and workers'
compensation insurance companies $2.2 million -- $3 million with interest and
penalties included. The district attorney's office has a news conference
scheduled at 12:30 p.m. with state officials to discuss the case.

The accused pair own and operate New Century Transportation, Inc., a Nevada
corporation registered to do business in California. Prosecutors said the
company has about 30 employees, and provides transportation services throughout
Santa Clara County. The company contracts with Santa Clara Valley Transportation
Authority to provide Altamont Commuter Express shuttle and Downtown Area Shuttle
services.

VTA spokeswoman Jayme Kunz said the agency had no immediate comment on its
relationship with the company or whether the charges would affect transit
services.

``I don't know if it will affect delivery of service, but if the allegations are
substantiated in court it would affect our ability to do business with them,''
Kunz said.

The company also contracts with corporations to run shuttle buses from major
transportation hubs and light rail stations to corporate offices. New Century
also operates the shuttle buses for Villa Montalvo concerts and charters to
various casinos.

The arrest followed a joint investigation by the Santa Clara County District
Attorney's Office and the state Department of Insurance, Franchise Tax Board,
and Employment Development Department.

Prosecutors said the probe revealed that between 2004 and 2006, New Century
failed to report more than $4.5 million in paid wages to the state EDD as
required by law. Quint and Stommel, they said, allegedly deducted personal
income taxes and disability taxes from employees' wages during that time, but
pocketed the funds instead of remitting them to the EDD.

As a result, the pair defrauded the EDD of more than $280,000. And because paid
wages are used as the primary basis to calculate a business' workers'
compensation insurance premium, prosecutors said ``such gross underreporting in
payroll'' also illegally and substantially lowered the workers' compensation
insurance premium for New Century. Prosecutors alleged the total amount of
premium defrauded between 2003 and 2006 is more than $1.3 million.

The investigation also showed that the defendants failed to report nearly $11
million in New Century's revenue from 2002 through 2005, resulting in evasion of
more than $480,000 in state corporate and personal income taxes, prosecutors
alleged.

Contact John Woolfolk at jwoolfolk@mercurynews.com or (408) 975-9346.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 26, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
Former Baptist Official Is Sentenced to Prison

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section A; Page 23; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 96 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla., Oct. 25


Bernice Edwards, a co-defendant of the imprisoned former president of the
National Baptist Convention, the Rev. Henry Lyons, was sentenced to 21 months in
Federal prison yesterday for income tax evasion.

Mr. Edwards, 42, was public relations director for the convention, the nation's
largest organization of black churches.

In February, Mr. Lyons was convicted of defrauding companies doing business with
the convention of more than $4 million. The same jury acquitted Ms. Edwards of
racketeering, but in March she pleaded guilty to two counts of tax evasion.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday
                                National Edition

Beanie Babies creator pleads guilty to tax evasion; Agrees to pay US$53.6M
penalty

BYLINE: Andrew Harris, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP2

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


H. Ty Warner, creator of Beanie Babies plush toys, pleaded guilty to failing to
pay taxes on money he hid from the U.S. in a Swiss bank account.

Warner, who was charged with a single count of tax evasion last month, entered
his plea Wednesday before U.S. District Judge Charles P. Kocoras in Chicago.

"I am pleading guilty because I am guilty," Warner, 69, told the judge.

He agreed to pay a civil penalty of almost US$53.6-million. Tax evasion is
punishable by as long as five years in prison. He also faces a fine of as much
as US$250,000. Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 15.

Since 2009, the U.S. has prosecuted about 70 U.S. taxpayers and 30 bankers,
lawyers and advisors in a crackdown on offshore tax evasion. The sole owner of
TY Inc., Warner held the highest account balance of the taxpayers prosecuted in
the crackdown.

He admitted to failing to report US$3.2-million in income on a secret UBS AG
account that held as much as US$93.6-million.

Warner falsely reported his 2002 income as US$49.1-million, omitting money he
made from the account and, while he amended his 2002 return in 2007, he
understated his tax by US$885,300, according to court papers.

While today's plea was tied to the 2002 taxes, the total amount not reported was
about US$25-million over 11 years, for which Warner owed about US$5-million in
taxes, according to a plea agreement cited by the judge.

Warner founded Ty Inc. in 1985. Beanbag-like teddy bears made in limited
editions by the Westmont, Ill.-based company inspired devotees and collectors
while building a US$4.5-billion business, according to a biography supplied by
his legal team.

Since 1995, Warner has donated almost US$140-million in cash and plush toys to
charities and organizations.

A plush purple bear with an embroidered white rose, issued in honour of the late
Diana, Princess of Wales, in 1997 today bears a list price of US$350,316 or best
offer on EBay Inc.'s auction website. In a separate listing, a lot of 95 Beanie
Babies plus a Diana bear are selling for US$150,000.

In 1996, Warner opened a secret account at UBS, according to the U.S. From
there, he transferred US$93.6-million in December 2002 to another secret Swiss
account at Zurcher Kantonal bank, according to a charging document.

Warner disguised his ownership of the ZKB account by holding it under an entity
called the Molani Foundation, according to court papers. In 2002, he failed to
report his UBS income of US$3.2-million to his outside accountants, and failed
to file a required Foreign Bank Account Report.

The tax return he filed with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service for 2002 also was
false, according to the charging papers.

In 2009, Warner tried to avoid prosecution through the IRS Offshore Voluntary
Disclosure Program, according to his lawyer, Gregory Scandaglia. He was denied
entry.

"This is an unfortunate situation that Mr. Warner has been trying to resolve for
several years now," Mr. Scandaglia said in a statement when the charge was
announced. "Mr. Warner accepts full responsibility for his actions with this
plea agreement."

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Louis Lanzano, The Associated Press; Ty Warner, Beanie Babies creator,
will pay a fine of at least US$250,000 to settle his guilty plea to tax evasion.
;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Former Finance Director of Pit River Tribe Indicted for Tax Evasion, Failure to
File a Tax Return, and Theft from the Pit River Tribe

LENGTH: 303  words


SACRAMENTO, Calif.  Kenley Black, 41, formerly of Burney, California, was
arrested today at his home in Ft. Defiance, Arizona on charges of tax evasion,
failure to file income taxes, and embezzlement and theft from a tribal
organization, United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced.

A federal grand jury returned a 25-count indictment on Thursday, March 24, 2016,
against Kenley, who served as the the Finance Director for the Pit River Tribe
from 2009 to 2013. Black is not a member of the Pit River Tribe.

According to court documents, while employed as Finance Director, Black earned
over $810,000 yet did not file income taxes and evaded paying over $225,000 in
taxes. He is charged with five counts of tax evasion and five counts of failure
to file income taxes. Additionally, he is charged with 15 counts of embezzlement
and theft from a tribal organization for embezzling $81,578 from the Pit River
Tribe in 2012 and 2013.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service  Criminal Investigation. Assistant
United States Attorney Justin Lee is prosecuting the case.

If convicted, Black faces a maximum statutory penalty of five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine for each count of tax evasion. Additionally, Black faces up
to one year in prison for each count of failure to file a tax return and up to
five years in prison for each count of theft from a tribal organization. Any
sentence, however, would be determined at the discretion of the court after
consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing
Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables. The charges are only
allegations; the defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Bury Times

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Home searched during crackdown on tax evasion, smuggling and immigration

BYLINE: Sarah Yates

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


A BURY home was among 11 premises searched during a crackdown on tax evasion,
smuggling and immigration in Greater Manchester.

Eight men were arrested on Wednesday when HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) officers
seized 137,600 cigarettes, 73 kilos of tobacco, counterfeit cash, and four
vehicles, during searches of nine retail, one domestic address and one storage
container in relation to suspected tax evasion, in the Bury, Strangeways and
Cheetham Hill areas.

The HMRC-led operation included officers from Greater Manchester Police (GMP),
Manchester and Salford City Councils Trading Standards teams, Immigration
Enforcement, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), and
the Intellectual Property Office (IPO).

The enforcement activity involves investigations into a number of suspected
offences, including tax evasion, smuggling, immigration and counterfeiting.

Mike Parkinson, assistant director, Fraud Investigation Service, HMRC, said:
"HMRC has significant criminal and civil powers to disrupt criminality and
tackle tax evasion on many levels.

"Sharing intelligence on suspected criminal activity with other agencies and
working together is key to our enforcement work.

"Combined with the powers of our partners we are able to take effective action
to ensure nobody is acting above the law."

During the operation, officers from Immigration Enforcement also arrested six
men for immigration offences. Trading Standards removed counterfeit goods worth
estimated £2m from 11 premises.

The MHRA seized 49,350 individual doses of unlicensed medicines and GMP seized
two vans and issued several dispersal notices.

Rebekah Sutcliffe, assistant chief constable, GMP, said: "This is a great result
and a fantastic example of what can be achieved through working closely with our
partners in HMRC and Trading Standards.

"These practices have a far-reaching effect on people's lives. The Strangeways
area is one of the largest counterfeit goods suppliers in the UK and the sale of
these products has a huge impact on local taxpayers and businesses, as well as
potentially funding more serious and violent crime.

"Today we send a message that we will not allow people to profit from flooding
the streets of our communities with counterfeit goods - it will not be
tolerated."

Investigations into the arrests and seizures are continuing.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 24, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Massachusetts Businessman Involved in Adult Entertainment Industry
Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A Massachusetts businessman pleaded guilty to tax evasion for using nominee
entities to hide ownership and control over his businesses and assets from the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Larry J. Wszalek for the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz for the District of Massachusetts.

According to the indictment, Richard L. Furnelli, a former resident of Holyoke
and South Hadley, Massachusetts, evaded payment of his federal income taxes for
2006 through 2009, among other years, and also failed to file his federal
individual income tax returns for those years.

The indictment alleges that from 2006 through 2009, Furnelli earned more than $2
million in income.  Furnelli operated or held substantial interest in Solid Gold
Inc. and Gold Club-SF LLC, which owned and operated the Gold Club, an adult
entertainment venue in San Francisco.  These corporations allegedly earned
annual gross receipts ranging from $2.5 million to more than $10 million
dollars.  During that time period, the indictment also alleges that Furnelli
directed the payment of his income to a nominee entity, RLF Ventures LLC, and
utilized a bank account held in a nominee name.

According to the plea documents, Furnelli has agreed to pay his outstanding
federal income taxes owed to the IRS for the years 1998 through 2009.

Furnelli faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine for tax evasion at his April 29, 2015, sentencing before U.S.
District Judge Michael A. Ponsor for the District of Massachusetts.

The case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation of the
Springfield, Massachusetts, Field Office.  Trial Attorneys Mark S. McDonald and
Thomas G. Voracek of the Tax Division are prosecuting the case.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 27, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Mistrial Is Declared in Tax Withholding Case

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 497 words


Jurors in Fort Worth failed to reach a verdict Tuesday in the trial of a Texas
businessman who has not withheld taxes from his workers' paychecks since 2000,
the second significant setback in four months for the federal government in tax
cases.

The defendant, Richard M. Simkanin, 59, who says he is a citizen of the Republic
of Texas and not of the United States, was returned to jail, where he has been
held since July, until a new trial begins in Federal District Court.

The jury deliberated for eight hours, sending out nine notes asking questions,
before Judge John McBryde declared a mistrial.

In August, Vernice Kuglin, 58, a FedEx pilot, was acquitted on six counts of tax
evasion. She testified that she wrote letters asking the Internal Revenue
Service what law required her to pay taxes. Her lawyer said the letters, which
were not answered, showed that Ms. Kuglin lacked criminal intent.

The acquittal does not excuse the taxes owed by Ms. Kuglin, which the I.R.S. is
trying to collect.

Mr. Simkanin made similar arguments when he testified at his one-day trial on
Monday. Before he stopped withholding taxes from workers at his Arrow Custom
Plastics in Bedford, Tex., Mr. Simkanin obtained written opinions from a lawyer
and a certified public accountant that he was not required to withhold, his
lawyer, Arch D. McColl 3rd of Dallas, said.

"He sincerely believes he does not have to withhold," Mr. McColl said, citing a
Supreme Court standard for acquittal of tax evasion.

The accountant's opinion was written by Wayne Paul, the brother of United States
Representative Ron Paul, a Texas Republican who contends that requiring record
keeping for tax purposes violates the 13th Amendment, which prohibits slavery.

Mr. Simkanin had been a prominent figure in the so-called tax honesty movement,
which asserts that most Americans have been tricked into paying taxes. But Mr.
McColl repeatedly emphasized that his client acted alone and was no longer
affiliated with any group.

Mr. McColl said he told jurors to examine Section 3401 of the tax code where
"the definition of 'employee' is essentially a federal official or an elected
official of the state or an officer of a corporation."

The section states that such officials and officers are included in the
definition of an employee and the next section of the tax code states that every
employer paying wages will deduct taxes and remit them to the government.

William Cohan, a lawyer in San Diego who has defended many tax protesters, said
that "the statutes that impose filing requirements read like gobbledygook to the
average person," making convictions difficult. He said "the policy of the I.R.S.
is to retaliate against people who challenge their authority instead of saying,
'Here's the law."'

Mr. Simkanin, who has no prior arrest record, is being held because of threats
an informant said he made to kill federal judges. Mr. McColl said a disbarred
lawyer was the source of the comments, which he called fabrications.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri Sentenced
to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 495  words


The owner of a St. Louis, Missouri tax return preparation business was sentenced
to 27 months in prison Friday following his conviction on two counts of tax
evasion, announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Stuart M. Goldberg
of the Justice Departments Tax Division.

According to court records, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and operator of at
least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating in Illinois,
Kansas and Missouri from 2005 to 2011. ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).

As the owner and operator of numerous tax return preparation businesses, Semere
Tsehaye was clearly aware of his obligation to accurately report his income and
expenses to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and yet ignored his
responsibilities in an effort to cheat the system, said Acting Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Goldberg. Tsehayes sentence makes clear that those who seek to
evade paying their fair share will face severe consequences for their criminal
conduct.

Mr. Tsehayes attempt to evade tax by hiding income and filing false returns was
a theft from the American public, said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS Criminal Investigation (CI), St. Louis Field Office. Tax evasion of this
magnitude with this degree of dishonesty and deceit deserves to be punished and
Mr. Tsehaye will now pay the price for his crimes.

Court records show that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye generated
fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts generated by
A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer. Tsehayes tax return
preparer used these financial summaries to prepare Tsehayes individual income
tax returns, which Tsehaye then filed with the IRS. These tax returns were false
in that they underreported A&S and ERIs gross receipts by a total of
approximately $547,895 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, and resulted in
Tsehaye evading a total of approximately $581,264 in tax due and owing.

On Oct. 4, Tsehaye was convicted of two counts of tax evasion by a federal jury
sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition to the term of prison imposed,
Tsehaye was ordered to serve three years of supervised release and to pay
$$298,178 in restitution to the IRS.

Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg commended special agents of
IRS-CI, who conducted the investigation, and Senior Litigation Counsel Corey
Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax Division, who prosecuted the
case. Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg also thanked the U.S.
Attorneys Office for the Eastern District of Missouri for their substantial
assistance.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

 The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday

Uhl has law license suspended indefinitely

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - Christopher M. Uhl, a local lawyer who was sentenced to serve more
than 2-1/2 years in federal prison for income tax evasion in 2010, has had his
license to practice law in Massachusetts suspended indefinitely. The decision
was mailed Friday.

The indefinite suspension means Mr. Uhl can apply for reinstatement five years
from the date it took effect. Mr. Uhl, of Southboro, must also complete his
two-year supervised release on the federal case before applying for
reinstatement, according to the state Board of Bar Overseers.

Mr. Uhl was temporarily suspended from practicing law in Massachusetts on May 3,
2010, a month after a federal jury found him guilty of six counts of tax evasion
.

On April 10, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Justice Margot Botsford
ordered Mr. Uhl's license to practice was indefinitely suspended retroactive to
May 3, 2010. If he completes his federal prison time and supervised release he
can apply to be reinstated on May 3, 2015. Both sides agreed to the decision,
the state Board of Bar Overseers wrote in a summary.

The order to suspend Mr. Uhl's license came after he was disbarred in New York.
The New York disbarment was decided and entered October 2011. A petition for
reciprocal discipline was filed by the state Office of Bar Counsel in November
2011.

Mr. Uhl's disbarment in New York was a result of his conviction for tax invasion
in Massachusetts.

On July 28, 2010, U.S. District Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV sentenced Mr. Uhl to
33 months in prison for the six counts of income tax evasion. He ordered Mr. Uhl
to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in restitution.

According to records, Mr. Uhl withheld about $148,000 from his employees' gross
wages and failed to pay the money to the IRS from 2000 through 2005. He also
neglected to pay about $68,000 in federal unemployment taxes and employer
contributions to FICA, the payroll tax deduction that supports Social Security
and Medicare, according to the indictment.

Records also said during the same years Mr. Uhl failed to pay the taxes,

he did not properly file certain tax forms and misled IRS agents.

Mr. Uhl had offices in Worcester and Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - Christopher M. Uhl, a local lawyer who was sentenced to
serve more than 2-1/2 years in federal prison for income tax evasion in 2010,
has had his license to practice law in Massachusetts suspended indefinitely. The
decision was mailed Friday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

BRIEF: Valley bar owner sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


Jul. 9--The former owner of numerous popular bars and nightclubs throughout the
East Valley has been sentenced to two years in federal prison for income tax
evasion in the amount of nearly $2 million.

Brian C. Roehrich, 40, of Phoenix, was sentenced Wednesday in U.S. District
Court on four counts of federal income tax evasion during 2003, according to
information from the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Roehrich, who pleaded guilty to the offenses on Dec. 2, 2008, admitted he
established procedures to maintain separate accounting of cover charge revenue
collected from patrons of Sugar Daddy's in Scottsdale and from the patrons of
his Dos Gringos restaurants and his Tempe Trailer Park restaurant, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

In his plea agreement, Roehrich admitted that the total amount of taxes he
evaded in the period of 2002 through 2005 was approximately $1.9 million.

Roehrich was the owner of at least five restaurants or clubs in Scottsdale,
Tempe, Mesa and Chandler.

He owned the Cherry Lounge and Pit on Mill Avenue in Tempe, according to his Web
site. Roehrich also had owned Dos Gringos Mesa Mexigrill, 1958 S. Greenfield
Road, Mesa, and Dos Gringos Mexigrill, 1361 N. Alma School Road, Chandler,
according to his Web site.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090709-MZ-BRF-Valley-bar-owner-sentenced-for-tax-evasion-0709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Man who appears to own Kinloch City Hall charged with tax evasion

BYLINE:  By Joel Currier St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 376 words


ST. LOUIS COUNTY o An auto salvage yard owner at the center of controversial
land deals that included Kinloch City Hall has been charged with tax evasion.

Robert K. Hill Jr., 38, was charged Tuesday with nine counts of tax-dodging,
including failing to file a state return, failing to pay state income tax,
filing a false tax return and attempted income tax evasion.

Hill, of the 7900 block of Blackberry Avenue in University City, opened a
salvage yard in March 2011 next to Kinloch City Hall at 5990 Monroe Avenue.
Later that year, Hill also purchased the building that housed City Hall for
$50,000, but city officials later questioned the legitimacy of those deals and
claimed they couldn't find the money Hill was supposed to have paid.

The tax evasion case was investigated by the Missouri Department of Revenue.
Court records do not specify whether the taxes Hill is accused of evading are
from income Hill earned from his salvage yard. No one from the department was
available Thursday to discuss the case.

St. Louis County property records say Hill still owns four properties in the
8300 block of Oakridge Avenue in Kinloch, near City Hall, as well as the
building that housed City Hall.

Hill lost his bid for the Kinloch Board of Aldermen in April 2013. Also in 2013,
Hill was charged with receiving stolen property after his business, Complete
Auto Recycling Services, was accused of buying six stolen vehicles in 2011. The
case is still pending in St. Louis County Circuit Court.

Hill has had previous run-ins with law enforcement. In 2006, federal drug agents
raided his University City home and found $209,000 hidden in a basement
refrigerator, suspected crack cocaine and firearms, court records say. Agents
also took a 2003 BMW for which Hill had paid $32,000 in cash. Court records also
say a federal informant told authorities Hill was involved in drug trafficking.

Hill was not in custody Thursday and could not be reached for comment. He was
ordered held in lieu of $250,000 bail.

Kinloch, a city of fewer than 300 residents, has been plagued by scandals in
recent years. Its mayor in 2011 was charged with stealing tens of thousands of
dollars from the city. And in 2013, Kinloch's fire chief admitted to embezzling
$140,000 from the fire district.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Robert K. Hill  Robert K. Hill, owner of a salvage yard located behind
Kinloch City Hall, heads into a court hearing in Clayton on Feb. 8. to decide
whether he can run in April's election.  Photo by Stephen Deere,
sdeere@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday

S&L swindler Soderling charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Glenda Anderson, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 486 words


Sept. 10--A convicted savings and loan swindler whose subsequent development
schemes contributed to the fall of Sonoma County's largest land investor, Clem
Carinalli, now has been charged with federal tax evasion.

Jay Scott Soderling, 53, of Hidden Valley Lake in Lake County, appeared in
federal court Thursday on one count of tax evasion, according to the U.S.
Attorney's Office. He is accused of avoiding $161,155 in federal income and
employment taxes from 1995 through 2004, according to the U.S. Attorney.

Soderling was represented in court by a federal public defender, according to
court records.

Soderling, a former Healdsburg resident, used a variety of methods to avoid
paying taxes, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office. He allegedly placed
assets in the names of others; had debts paid to accounts he held in the names
of others; submitted false financial statements to the IRS; and used funds from
a bank account held in the names of others to pay creditors, take vacations and
buy a boat and vehicle.

If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000.

Soderling has a history of questionable financial dealings dating to the 1980s.

In 1987, he and his brother Leif pleaded guilty to bank fraud stemming from the
collapse of their Golden Pacific Savings and Loan. Bank regulators said the
Soderlings had stolen $16.5 million of depositors' money.

They served eight months in federal prison and were ordered to repay $10
million. The brothers returned to prison for three years in 1990 after going on
a $500,000 spending spree in violation of a court order.

In 1998, Jay Soderling again was sentenced to prison after bouncing about $7,500
in checks in Marin County.

Soderling's connection to Lake County dates back at least to 1996, when he
purchased 850 acres of land at Borax Lake. He enraged area residents in 2000
when he cut down hundreds of oak trees. In 2008, he was cited for trying to pump
water out of Borax Lake in an attempt to create more developable land.

Soderling made additional Lake County land purchases beginning in 2002 and
Carinalli began brokering loans for his projects.

From 2005 to 2007, Carinalli made a series of loans totaling $4.5 million to
Soderling. Then, in 2007, Carinalli sold $2.25 million in interests in those
loans to other investors, all backed by the Borax Lake property.

In 2009, Carinalli foreclosed on the Borax Lake property -- worth just a
fraction of its loan value -- and stopped paying his investors. Carinalli's
investments on other properties also tanked and he was forced into bankruptcy
later that year.

Soderling also obtained loans from Sonoma County investors through his company
Ripp It Inc. to develop a Clearlake orchard into warehouses. The project was
never realized.

___ (c)2011 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110910-UR-S-L-swindler-Soderling-charged-with-tax-evasion
-0910-20110910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2011


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Sentencing postponed in Rindge man's tax evasion case

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Aug. 12--The sentencing of a Rindge man who pleaded guilty in May to multiple
charges of tax evasion has been postponed until late October.

That's because prosecutors and defense attorneys for Aaron E. Olson need more
time to complete a restitution order, Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark S. Zuckerman
said Monday.

The order will detail who invested in Olson's two illegitimate firms -- AEO
Associates and KMO Associates -- and how much he will be required to pay his
investors, some of whom lost millions, according to court documents.

He will be ordered to pay restitution in lieu of the hundreds of thousands of
dollars in taxes he owes the U.S. government, according to Zuckerman.

Olson is accused of swindling investors out of $27.8 million, and diverting $2.6
million of that money for his personal use, according to a plea agreement filed
in April in U.S. District Court in Concord.

He pleaded guilty in May to four counts of tax evasion, for understating the
federal income taxes he owed from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000.

The money came from people and organizations that entrusted Olson to invest on
their behalf, when in fact he used the funds for personal gain and to pay
purported earnings to other investors, prosecutors detail in the agreement.

The way in which Olson commingled funds and used investors' money to make false
earnings payments to other investors are attributes of what is commonly known as
a Ponzi scheme, according to Zuckerman.

U.S. District Court Judge Landya B. McCafferty recently granted attorneys'
request for additional time, and rescheduled Olson's sentencing hearing from
Sept. 26 to Oct. 30, court records show.

Prosecutors have declined to comment until the hearing about the number of
people they believe invested in AEO and KMO.

"We have been in touch with as many as we could identify, whether in person or
by mailings," Zuckerman said.

The majority of those investors are New Hampshire residents, he said.

As part of the plea deal, prosecutors recommended that Olson serve 3 1/2  years
in prison. He was released on bail conditions until his sentencing.

McCafferty is not bound by that agreement, and could decide to impose a sentence
more or less severe.

Each charge carries a maximum penalty of up to five years in prison and a fine
of $250,000.

Olson also faces $200,000 in fines from the N.H. Bureau of Securities Regulation
for violations of New Hampshire securities laws, including fraud and failure to
license himself and his investment firms to conduct business in the state.

The effect this could have on Olson's proposal to reopen and mine a long-dormant
quarry in the heart of Fitzwilliam's residential district is unclear at this
time. Olson's lawyers have repeatedly declined to comment on whether the
criminal case could affect his plans. Olson's pitch to reopen the quarry has
rocked the small town for roughly two years, and some residents' fight to block
any potential mining operation continues.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140812-KN-Sentencing-postponed-in-Rindge-man-s-tax-evasion
-case-0812-20140812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2014


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 21, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR Edition

TWO BASEBALL GREATS ADMIT TAX EVASION ; DUKE SNIDER, WILLIE MCCOVEY AWAIT
SENTENCING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 666 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Baseball's memorabilia market, symbol of a sport mired in money, snared two Hall
of Famers on Thursday when Duke Snider and Willie McCovey pleaded guilty of tax
evasion. Each admitted hiding thousands of dollars in income earned from signing
autographs at memorabilia shows.

Snider, 68, a star center fielder for the Brooklyn Dodgers and one of Brooklyn's
famed "Boys of Summer" of the 1950s, admitted in U.S. District Court in Brooklyn
that he had failed to report more than $ 100,000 in income between 1984 and
1993. He pleaded guilty of conspiracy to commit tax fraud.

McCovey, 57, an All-Star first baseman and slugger for the San Francisco Giants,
admitted to $ 69,800 in unreported income from signing autographs at baseball
memorabilia shows from 1988 to 1990. He pleaded guilty of filing a false income
tax return.

U.S. District Judge Edward R. Korman said McCovey faces a possible seven months
in prison and that Snider faces a possible six-month sentence. Both face fines
of up to $ 250,000 and will have to refile their taxes. No sentencing date was
set.

Snider, of Fallbrook, Calif., admitted that he had accepted $ 10,000 in cash
from a memorabilia and autograph show in Atlantic City, N.J., in 1989. The
show's organizers have already pleaded guilty of similar charges, said federal
prosecutor Seth Marvin.

"They told me I didn't have to declare it," Snider said. "But I went to high
school; I'm no dummy; I know the IRS laws. I made the choice."

Snider said one factor that led him to commit the crime was concern after heart
bypass surgery in 1987 that his wife might be left with too little money.

"I got caught. I'm very sorry about it," Snider said outside the courthouse. "I
hope to get a second chance from a lot of my fans. We have choices to make in
our lives, and I chose to make the wrong choice."

McCovey, who admitted getting $ 33,000 in cash from the same card show in 1989,
used a cane to walk and only gave brief answers to the judge's questions.

The convictions were the government's latest blow in a crackdown on unreported
income from baseball card shows, publicity events, autograph signings and
memorabilia shows that became million-dollar businesses in the 1980s.

It was especially poignant that Snider entered his plea in Brooklyn, where he
was a Dodgers star in the 1950s. He also was the local favorite in the
street-corner debate over which center fielder was New York's best - Snider, the
Yankees' Mickey Mantle or the Giants' Willie Mays.

McCovey, who played mostly for the San Francisco Giants, retired after the 1980
season, finishing with 521 homers, which put him 10th on the career list.

Snider's attorney, Michael Premisler, said he doubted whether Snider would have
to go to jail.

McCovey, leaning on a cane after recent knee surgery, appeared first before
Korman. The judge asked whether his mind was clear despite high blood pressure
and medicine taken for knee and back pain.

"Yes, it is," said McCovey, 57, of Kentfield, Calif.

Snider was a consistent run-producer for Brooklyn's "Boys of Summer," a team
that won pennants in six of nine years beginning with his rookie season. His
best year was 1954, when he batted .341 with 40 home runs and 130 runs batted
in. He had 40 or more homers in five consecutive years beginning in 1953.

Snider was elected to baseball's Hall of Fame in 1980. McCovey joined him in
Cooperstown in 1986.

In 1990, Pete Rose, baseball's career hit leader, served five months in prison
and paid a $ 50,000 fine after pleading guilty of failing to report $ 354,968
from gambling, autograph signings and memorabilia shows during a four-year
period.

Earlier this year, outfielder Darryl Strawberry, a former New York Mets star,
pleaded guilty of failing to pay between $ 75,000 and $ 120,000 in taxes for
income from card and memorabilia shows between 1986 and 1990. Strawberry was
given six months home confinement and ordered to pay $ 350,000 in back taxes and
penalties.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1,2) Color Photos by AP - Willie McCovey (left) leaves court in
New York after entering a guilty plea to tax charges Thursday. Duke Snider
(right) arrives at court before entering a guilty plea to similar charges.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 13, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

MITCHELSON SENTENCED

BYLINE: Arlene Vigoda

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 602 words


MITCHELSON SENTENCED: Celebrity divorce lawyer Marvin Mitchelson was sentenced
Monday in Los Angeles to 30 months in prison and ordered to pay $ 1.8 million
restitution for his conviction on tax evasion charges. Mitchelson, 64, was free
on bail pending appeal of his Feb. 9 conviction for failing to report nearly $ 2
million on his federal income tax returns from 1983 to 1986. Mitchelson
represented Joan Collins, Bianca Jagger, Roxanne Pulitzer and Michelle Triola,
who sued the late actor Lee Marvin in the landmark "palimony" case in 1976. It
established the right of unmarried partners to sue for property division when
they break up. After the hearing, Mitchelson said: "When you think you're
innocent, there is no fair sentence."

HA-HA-HA: Hey, a regular yukfest is making its way to the Big Apple with the
first Toyota Comedy Festival, June 3-12. Veteran funnyman Alan King will produce
the festival, the largest of its kind in the country. The 10-day laugh riot will
include 44 free and paid events, culminating in a live HBO broadcast from
Madison Square Garden. Among the shtickmeisters: Richard Belzer, Rita Rudner,
Whoopi Goldberg and Jerry Lewis. Tickets can be ordered beginning April 25 by
calling 212-787-1953.

BOOK AWARD: New York writer and political activist Grace Paley, 70, has won the
$ 25,000 1993 Rea Award for the Short Story.  Paley's short story collections:
The Little Disturbances of Man, Enormous Changes at the Last Minute, and Later
That Same Day. Last year's winner was Eudora Welty.

WINE, WOMEN AND FISH: Japan's Crown Prince Naruhito, 33, formalized his Jan. 19
engagement to former diplomat and future empress Masako Owada, 29, by sending
sea bream, five rolls of silk and six bottles of sake to her family Monday.
After the gifts were presented, the crown prince visited three shrines and his
parents. They were joined by Owada and her parents and she emerged sporting a
large pearl engagement ring. This was the first in a series of traditional
rituals preceding the spring wedding.
SOLID BACKING: NBC is not for sale, the chairman of parent company General
Electric said in New York Monday.  "The good news is that GE likes NBC,"
Chairman Jack Welch told employees.  "NBC is not for sale. GE wants to be part
of NBC - and I guess some might feel that's bad news." Welch, referring to
turmoil at NBC and its weak evening hours audience share, said, "It's behind us,
and we are on to great new things." (NBC's new chief, 3D).

THE PLAY'S THE THING: The Broadway awards season is starting, and the first
group offering up its nominations is the Outer Critics Circle. Its
most-nominated show: Wendy Wasserstein's The Sisters Rosensweig with seven
nominations, including best play and acting nods for Robert Klein, Madeline Kahn
and Jane Alexander. Other nominees: Bernadette Peters and Martin Short for The
Goodbye Girl and Mary Steenburgen for Candida. Winners will be voted on by
writers for out-of-New York newspapers and national publications and will be
announced April 26.

MORE THAN DECENT: Indecent Proposal was the No. 1 movie at the box office over
the weekend, grossing $ 18.4 million ($ 24.5 million since its Wednesday
opening). Sandlot was second with $ 4.9 million ($ 6 million since its Wednesday
debut). Rounding out the top five: Cop and a Half, $ 4.5 million ($ 12.9
million); The Adventures of Huck Finn, $ 4.2 million ($ 11.6 million); and
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III, $ 3.2 million ($ 33.8 million). Limited
openings: Bodies, Rest & Motion on six screens grossed $ 75,957 and This Boy's
Life on three screens took in $ 74,425.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, Rob Brown, USA TODAY

TYPE: Lifeline

A QUICK READ ON WHAT PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     June 20, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Strawberry gets another chance

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTSLINE IN BRIEF; Pg. B4/BREAK

LENGTH: 262 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


After a trip to the Betty Ford Centre, a guilty plea for tax evasion that led to
a $ 350,000 fine, two positive cocaine tests and a 60-day baseball suspension,
Darryl Strawberry is returning to New York.

Strawberry, who left the New York Mets after the 1990 season to sign with the
Los Angeles Dodgers, agreed yesterday to a one-year contract with the New York
Yankees that will guarantee him $ 850,000.

Strawberry's agent negotiated the deal with Yankees owner George Steinbrenner.
According to the team, the 33-year-old outfielder will join the Yankees "as soon
as he becomes eligible under baseball rules." He is eligible to play on Sunday.

"I personally want to thank Mr. Steinbrenner for the faith he has shown in me,"
Strawberry said in a statement issued by the club. "The fans in New York are the
best in baseball and I will do everything I can to justify Mr. Steinbrenner's
confidence in me and the trust of the fans."

Strawberry has 14 home runs and 54 RBIs his past three seasons in the majors - a
total of 104 games. And he's been bothered by nagging injuries, including a bad
back.

He is completing a suspension imposed by acting commissioner Bud Selig following
the outfielder's positive cocaine tests on Jan. 17 and 18. In April, the U.S.
courts ordered Strawberry to repay $ 350,000 in back taxes and sentenced him to
six months of home confinement, except baseball practices, games and road games.

Strawberry is under house arrest in Palm Springs for tax evasion, but the
government has said it would allow him to return to baseball.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darryl Strawberry. Another chance

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           October 11, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Helio allowed to head Down Under

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Digest; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI -- Famed Indy car driver and celebrity dancer Helio Castroneves will be
allowed to leave the country and race in Australia later this month, even while
he is facing federal tax-evasion charges, a federal magistrate ruled on Friday.

Judge William C. Turnoff will permit Castroneves, 33, to compete Oct. 26 in the
Nikon Indy 300 at Surfer's Paradise, Australia.

The two-time Indy 500 winner, who lives in the exclusive Cocoplum enclave in
Coral Gables, remains free on a $10-million US bond.

Castroneves was indicted Oct. 2 on charges he failed to pay taxes on more than
$5 million in income between 1999 and 2002. His sister and a Michigan lawyer are
accused of assisting him in the alleged tax-evasion scheme.

Federal prosecutor Matthew Axelrod opposed Castroneves' request to leave the
country. The government fears that Castroneves could flee to his native Brazil,
which does not permit its citizens to be extradited to the U.S. for most
charges, including tax evasion.

But defence attorney David Garvin argued that Castroneves has more to lose in
potential prizes, endorsements and future earnings if he flees. And given his
level of fame, it would be impossible for Castroneves to hide in Brazil unless
he chose to hide in the Amazon.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Former Spruce Head lobster co-op manager pleads guilty to federal tax evasion,
seafood violation

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 819 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- The former longtime manager of one of the state's largest
lobster cooperatives pleaded guilty Thursday afternoon to tax evasion as a
result of a lengthy investigation that started nearly two years ago into the
reported theft of a huge amount of crustaceans.


The charges and plea by 53-year-old Robert Thompson of St. George are a
disappointment to the president of the Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative.


Thompson appeared in U.S. District Court in Portland and waived going through
the grand jury process. He instead pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion
and one count of violating the Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of
seafood.


Assistant U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said after the hearing that the tax evasion
offense carries a possible sentence of five years and $250,000 fine while the
Lacey Act violation carries up to a year in prison and $100,000 fine.


"Robert pled guilty and will take his licks for skimping on his taxes, but not
any more licks than he's due," Thompson's attorney, Walter McKee, said after the
hearing.


The U.S. probation office will compile a pre-sentence report, and sentencing is
expected in the spring.


Thompson, who had been the manager of the cooperative for 20 years, was
initially arrested in October 2012 by the Knox County Sheriff's Office and
accused of stealing a large amount of lobsters. A civil lawsuit later filed by
the cooperative alleged that he stole more than $1 million worth of lobsters
from members. That lawsuit was later dismissed with terms of the deal not being
revealed.


The felony theft charge against Thompson was dropped by the state in May 2013
after the district attorney's office said it did not want to turn over evidence
to the defense because it could jeopardize a federal investigation, which
included the IRS Criminal Investigation Unit. The Knox County Sheriff's Office
and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Office of Law
Enforcement also assisted.


Thursday's filing was the first public action taken by the federal government
against Thompson.


Two months ago, the owner of an Eliot seafood dealership was sentenced to 45
days in jail and fined $100,000 for illegally structuring cash deposits linked
to lobsters purchased from members of the cooperative.


The lobsters John Price, 58, acquired from the cooperative involved side sales
made by members of the cooperative who were not licensed dealers, according to
the federal government.


Price was sentenced in October in U.S. District Court on 12 counts of illegal
currency structuring and one violation of the Lacey Act. Price pleaded guilty to
those charges in January.


The federal government contended Price structured bank deposits from lobster
sales to avoid reaching the $10,000 level that requires filing currency
transaction paperwork with the U.S. Treasury Department.


Assistant U.S. Attorney Lipez said two months ago that the U.S. attorney's
office agreed the purchases by Price involved side sales from members of the
Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative in South Thomaston.


That acknowledgement contrasted with how the criminal investigation began more
than two years ago when Thompson was arrested.


Casey Morrill, president of the cooperative, said Thursday he was disappointed
that Thompson was not charged by the federal government with theft.


"We're happy with the guilty plea by Robert Thompson and glad this is in the
past and we can move forward," Morrill said.


According to a police affidavit filed in court two years ago, the cooperative's
board of directors met in January 2012 to voice their suspicions about Thompson.
One board member told police he had spoken to a lobsterman in Harpswell and said
the man's son was a truck driver for the Price seafood dealership who dropped
off large amounts of cash to Thompson.


Price's seafood business was the primary buyer of lobsters from the cooperative,
which has about 56 lobstermen as members.


Mckee, however, said Thursday, "Our view was always that there never was a theft
case to begin with. The best case the state could make was that Robert was
involved in side deals to buy lobsters from co-op members. That wasn't a crime."


The cooperative last year did settle a civil lawsuit it filed against Price and
his J.P. Shellfish business but did not disclose terms of that settlement. The
cooperative also agreed, however, to continue doing business with Price.


Price's attorney, Daniel Mitchell, said in October that Price never tried to
hide the side purchases that were initiated by Thompson for cooperative members.
He said Price kept records of those purchases and paid taxes on them.


Price had been buying lobsters from the cooperative for 20 years and made the
side purchases in years when the supply of the seafood was low and he wanted to
meet the demands of his customers. The attorney said Price also agreed to these
side sales so he could maintain his relationship with the cooperative.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Former Spruce Head lobster co-op manager pleads guilty to federal tax evasion,
seafood violation

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 819 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- The former longtime manager of one of the state's largest
lobster cooperatives pleaded guilty Thursday afternoon to tax evasion as a
result of a lengthy investigation that started nearly two years ago into the
reported theft of a huge amount of crustaceans.


The charges and plea by 53-year-old Robert Thompson of St. George are a
disappointment to the president of the Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative.


Thompson appeared in U.S. District Court in Portland and waived going through
the grand jury process. He instead pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion
and one count of violating the Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of
seafood.


Assistant U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said after the hearing that the tax evasion
offense carries a possible sentence of five years and $250,000 fine while the
Lacey Act violation carries up to a year in prison and $100,000 fine.


"Robert pled guilty and will take his licks for skimping on his taxes, but not
any more licks than he's due," Thompson's attorney, Walter McKee, said after the
hearing.


The U.S. probation office will compile a pre-sentence report, and sentencing is
expected in the spring.


Thompson, who had been the manager of the cooperative for 20 years, was
initially arrested in October 2012 by the Knox County Sheriff's Office and
accused of stealing a large amount of lobsters. A civil lawsuit later filed by
the cooperative alleged that he stole more than $1 million worth of lobsters
from members. That lawsuit was later dismissed with terms of the deal not being
revealed.


The felony theft charge against Thompson was dropped by the state in May 2013
after the district attorney's office said it did not want to turn over evidence
to the defense because it could jeopardize a federal investigation, which
included the IRS Criminal Investigation Unit. The Knox County Sheriff's Office
and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Office of Law
Enforcement also assisted.


Thursday's filing was the first public action taken by the federal government
against Thompson.


Two months ago, the owner of an Eliot seafood dealership was sentenced to 45
days in jail and fined $100,000 for illegally structuring cash deposits linked
to lobsters purchased from members of the cooperative.


The lobsters John Price, 58, acquired from the cooperative involved side sales
made by members of the cooperative who were not licensed dealers, according to
the federal government.


Price was sentenced in October in U.S. District Court on 12 counts of illegal
currency structuring and one violation of the Lacey Act. Price pleaded guilty to
those charges in January.


The federal government contended Price structured bank deposits from lobster
sales to avoid reaching the $10,000 level that requires filing currency
transaction paperwork with the U.S. Treasury Department.


Assistant U.S. Attorney Lipez said two months ago that the U.S. attorney's
office agreed the purchases by Price involved side sales from members of the
Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative in South Thomaston.


That acknowledgement contrasted with how the criminal investigation began more
than two years ago when Thompson was arrested.


Casey Morrill, president of the cooperative, said Thursday he was disappointed
that Thompson was not charged by the federal government with theft.


"We're happy with the guilty plea by Robert Thompson and glad this is in the
past and we can move forward," Morrill said.


According to a police affidavit filed in court two years ago, the cooperative's
board of directors met in January 2012 to voice their suspicions about Thompson.
One board member told police he had spoken to a lobsterman in Harpswell and said
the man's son was a truck driver for the Price seafood dealership who dropped
off large amounts of cash to Thompson.


Price's seafood business was the primary buyer of lobsters from the cooperative,
which has about 56 lobstermen as members.


Mckee, however, said Thursday, "Our view was always that there never was a theft
case to begin with. The best case the state could make was that Robert was
involved in side deals to buy lobsters from co-op members. That wasn't a crime."


The cooperative last year did settle a civil lawsuit it filed against Price and
his J.P. Shellfish business but did not disclose terms of that settlement. The
cooperative also agreed, however, to continue doing business with Price.


Price's attorney, Daniel Mitchell, said in October that Price never tried to
hide the side purchases that were initiated by Thompson for cooperative members.
He said Price kept records of those purchases and paid taxes on them.


Price had been buying lobsters from the cooperative for 20 years and made the
side purchases in years when the supply of the seafood was low and he wanted to
meet the demands of his customers. The attorney said Price also agreed to these
side sales so he could maintain his relationship with the cooperative.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

Newington man sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: Jim Haddadin, Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


July 11--CONCORD -- A Newington man was sentenced to spend 18 months in prison
and pay a $50,000 fine Monday after pleading guilty to federal tax evasion
charges.

Renato Maldini, 55, of Newington, was sentenced in U.S. District Court for the
District of New Hampshire this week, according to an announcement from U.S.
Attorney John P. Kacavas.

Maldini was the owner of Maldini Electric, Inc, in Greenland. Beginning in 2004,
and continuing through 2007, dozens of checks totaling $1,419,120 were issued to
Maldini from the electric company's bank account.

All 123 checks were deposited to Maldini's personal bank account. Maldini
falsely recorded the purpose for each payment on the memo portion of the checks,
checks stubs and the electric company's general ledger as a payment to a vendor
with whom the electric company conducted business.

The tax evasion charges stem from the fact that Maldini willfully failed to
report his receipt of the checks on federal tax returns he submitted to the
Internal Revenue Service for tax years 2004, 2005, 2006 and 2007. The total tax
loss to the IRS was $467,977.

Maldini was charged with four counts of tax evasion, a crime that carries a
maximum prison term of five years. The maximum fine for the offense is $100,000.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service, criminal
investigation division, and prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert
Kinsella.

Information from the office of the U.S. Attorney was used in this report.

___ (c)2012 the Foster's Daily Democrat (Dover, N.H.) Visit the Foster's Daily
Democrat (Dover, N.H.) at www.fosters.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120711-1FD-Newington-man-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-for-
tax-evasion-0711-20120711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FD


               Copyright 2012 Foster's Daily Democrat, Dover, N.H


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                   L2 Edition

* Brazilian race car driver and "Dancing With The Stars" champ Helio Castroneves

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 278 words


* Brazilian race car driver and "Dancing With The Stars" champ Helio Castroneves
was acquitted Friday of most charges that he worked with his sister and lawyer
to evade more than $2.3 million in U.S. income taxes.

A federal jury acquitted Castroneves on six counts of tax evasion but hung on
one count of conspiracy. The jury also acquitted Katiucia Castroneves, 35, who
is her 33-year-old brother's business manager, on the tax evasion counts but
also hung on the conspiracy. Michigan attorney Alan Miller, 71, was acquitted on
all three counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy. The jury
deliberated six days after a six-week trial.

All three faced more than six years in prison if convicted of conspiracy and tax
evasion between 1999 and 2004. The case mainly revolved around income from a $2
million sponsorship deal Castroneves had with the Brazilian firm Coimex and his
licensing deal he reached with Penske Racing.

in late 1999.

Castroneves, a two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and one of the Indy racing
circuit's most popular drivers, was temporarily replaced on Team Penske by
Australian Will Power pending the outcome of the case. Castroneves won the TV
dance competition in 2007.

Central to the case was the ownership of a Panamanian company called Seven
Promotions. Prosecutors called it a shell corporation set up primarily so
Castroneves could dodge U.S. income taxes, but Castroneves' father testified he
created Seven to boost his son's image in Brazil. The elder Castroneves said his
son never owned it.

with claiming thousands of dollars in improper tax deductions and failing to
disclose as income Hugo Boss clothing and airline tickets he received.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    April 15, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Leona's nightmare; Room-service days over for Helmsley

BYLINE: DARRYL FEARS; COX NEWS SERVICES; NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: LEXINGTON, Ky.


Welcome to Leona Helmsley's nightmare, the sprawling women's prison, called the
Federal Medical Centre of Lexington, that's surrounded by rolling bluegrass
hills off Leestown Rd.

Helmsley's freedom is to end here today after her appeal of a March 15
conviction for tax evasion was rejected yesterday by a federal court in New
York.

At 71, the billionaire hotel queen had pleaded to do community service,
insisting that she might not survive her four-year prison sentence, as well as
raising legal questions about her conviction.

Asked recently whether there's anything she can do to avoid imprisonment, she
replied: "Maybe I can drop dead."

Underscoring her desperate attempt to remain free, her lawyer, Alan Dershowitz,
said that Helmsley would give her hotels to New York City for housing the
homeless in exchange for escaping prison.

"She has offered to solve the city's problem of the homeless singlehandedly,"
Dershowitz said. But Helmsley's spokesman, Howard Rubenstein, said later that
she had not authorized such an offer and that the proposal was more of "a
metaphor" used in bargaining for her freedom than a concrete proposal.

In the prison, "everybody knows she's coming," an inmate said. "Everybody saw
her on 20/20," bitterly denouncing her conviction in an interview with Barbara
Walters.

One thing is certain, warden Margaret Hambrick said. Helmsley's place in the
limelight is over. "She will be treated just like everyone else."

Hustled through heavy glass doors that slam shut with a haunting electric buzz,
she will choose one of two prison uniforms: a pale- blue shirt with matching
trousers or a white blouse and black skirt.

There's no bellhop to help carry the used white bed linen, mud- colored blanket
and towels for the shared shower.

Off to the Anteaus Unit, where manager Mike Easton explains the daily routine:

You are allowed only six changes of bras and panties. Don't expect a
complimentary bathrobe.

No need for a wake-up call. A bell will rouse you from your sleep. But don't
wait for the maid. You'll make your own bed.

Your workday starts at 8 a.m. You'll have only 45 minutes for lunch some time
between 10 a.m. and 12:30 p.m., so get in line fast.

Four prison factories offer work that pays 12 cents to $ 1.25 an hour. Be back
in your room for a 4 p.m. count, Easton warned.

Dinner starts at 6:30 p.m. Free time follows dinner until 9 p.m.

Visitors are allowed in three days a week and nearly all day on federal
holidays.

Become a model prisoner and you may get a private room with your own gray metal
locker and a bulletin board. But that takes time, so at first you'll join the
crowded 30-woman dormitory with a common shower and toilet.

ADDITIONAL REPORTING: NEW YORK TIMES

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leona Helmsley. Prison date today

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

Exposing secret real estate deals

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 390 words

ABSTRACT

The U.S. crackdown on shell companies is one step in addressing a big hole in
financial regulations.

FULL TEXT

The United States Treasury Department announced last week that it would start
demanding the identities of the people behind the shell companies that rich
foreigners use to buy real estate in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County. This is a
good step that should help law enforcement agencies crack down on money
laundering, tax evasion and other crimes. But the program should be broadened to
cover the whole country, and it must be forcefully carried out.

In recent years, oligarchs, corrupt politicians, business executives and
suspected criminals have stashed billions of dollars of wealth in America by
buying condominiums, mansions and other costly assets. As documented by The
Times, these purchases are generally made through limited liability corporations
that are not required to disclose their owners or beneficiaries. The secrecy is
so complete that even law enforcement officials say they are often unable to
identify the true owners.

While limited liability corporations have many legitimate purposes, there is no
justification for allowing owners to shield their identities even from law
enforcement and regulators.  In fact, it is absurd that regulators would not
require basic transparency as a matter of course. The current system practically
condones money laundering and tax evasion. It lays out the welcome mat for
foreigners hiding assets from their governments, making the United States one of
the world's biggest tax havens.

For the same reasons, the Treasury Department should adopt pending regulations
that would require banks, brokerages and other financial firms to know who owns
the limited liability companies whose accounts they manage. Washington should
also share the data it collects with other governments to help them identify tax
evasion and other crimes. The United States already requires banks in other
countries to report money Americans hold abroad. It is only fair that this
country reciprocate.

Supporters of the current system may argue that requiring more transparency
would burden financial institutions without ending money laundering and tax
evasion. While determined criminals will find ways to thwart the law, that
doesn't justify doing nothing about this hole in financial regulations.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: California Resident Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion Resulting
from Multimillion-Dollar Advance Fee Scheme in Maryland

LENGTH: 674  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Corona, California, woman was sentenced today in the U.S. District Court in
the District of Maryland to serve two years in prison to be followed by three
years of supervised release after pleading guilty to one count of tax evasion,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division and U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein of the District of
Maryland.

Yvette Johnson, formerly of Laytonsville, Maryland, was sentenced by U.S.
District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow. As a special condition of Johnson's
supervised release, she is required to cooperate with the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) to determine all taxes owed for tax years 2002 through 2009, and
to pay the IRS all additional taxes, interest and penalties.

Johnson's husband, Shannon Johnson, was sentenced in June 2014 to serve seven
years in prison after pleading guilty to an advance fee scheme and tax evasion.
The Johnsons were indicted by a federal grand jury in June 2013 for mail and
wire fraud charges, as well as tax fraud charges, in connection with a scheme to
defraud investors. Shannon Johnson admitted that he ran a fraudulent advance fee
scheme from 2006 to 2009, wherein Johnson presented himself as a wealthy
international investment banker who could provide millions of dollars and euros
in financing to businesses and individuals. In return for substantial advance
banking fees, the indictment alleged that the Johnsons promised to provide
investors with money which they claimed they held in an overseas bank account.
Shannon Johnson provided these businesses and investors with false documents
purporting to be from the overseas bank to authenticate the funds. The Johnsons
developed relationships with pastors, ministers and religious-based
organizations to sell themselves as philanthropists on a humanitarian mission.
Shannon Johnson received payments and gifts from pastors and ministers who
believed substantial donations would be made to their churches. Businesses and
individuals wired and mailed the advance fees to multiple bank accounts
controlled by the Johnsons in different states. Yvette Johnson opened bank
accounts and conducted financial transactions using proceeds obtained from the
Johnsons' business activities.

The Johnsons spent the $3.7 million in advance fees from individuals and
businesses to support their lifestyle, which the indictment alleges included:
the purchase of Bentley, Mercedes Benz and BMW automobiles; the leasing of a
residence in California for $18,000 a month; travel on private jets; and the
funding of the mortgage on their Laytonsville residence. Shannon Johnson
admitted that he obtained $3.7 million by victimizing at least 11 individuals
and businesses.

The Johnsons also evaded taxes on millions of dollars in income they earned from
the advance fee scheme. They admitted that they filed individual tax returns for
tax years 1998 through 2001 using false Forms W-2 to fraudulently generate
refund claims, evaded the payment of their 2002 through 2006 corporate and
individual taxes totaling $98,220, and evaded the assessment of their 2007
through 2009 taxes. The Johnsons attempted to conceal their income and assets
from the IRS by selling assets in their own names, titling assets in the names
of nominees, using multiple bank accounts across three states to disperse and
conceal income, using nominees and fraudulent taxpayer identification numbers to
open and maintain bank accounts, and using multiple business names to conduct
business.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rosenstein commended
the special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, who investigated
the case, and Assistant Chief John N. Kane of the Tax Division and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Thomas Sullivan of the District of Maryland, who prosecuted the
case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   December 2, 2000, Saturday, Final Edition

NBA NOTES; NBA Levies Suspensions

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 167 words


Raptors F Charles Oakley was suspended for three games without pay and fined $
15,000 by the NBA yesterday for punching Clippers G Jeff McInnis during the
morning shootaround.

McInnis was not fined or suspended. . . .

Kings G Jason Williams was fined $ 10,000 by the NBA for swearing at fans and
making obscene gestures after Wednesday's game in San Antonio.


* TAX WOES: Referee Ken Mauer was convicted of tax evasion in Minneapolis in an
airline ticket scheme that involved other referees. Mauer was convicted of three
charges of tax evasion and one of obstructing the administration of federal tax
laws. He was acquitted on one tax evasion charge.


* HEARING SET ON SMITH: An NBA hearing to determine who was involved in the
salary-cap circumvention case involving former Timberwolves F Joe Smith is set
for Dec. 12-13 in New York.


* MILLER RESIGNS: Phoenix Mercury Coach-GM Cheryl Miller resigned after four
WNBA seasons to devote more time to other interests.


LOAD-DATE: December 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 13, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled By Michael Reilly Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 684 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Graf, Father Suspected In Tax Evasion Inquiry

Wimbledon champion Steffi Graf and her father are under investigation by tax
authorities, a prosecutor said Wednesday. German newspapers said they are
suspected of tax evasion.

Tax investigators searched the Graf family villa in southern Germany on May 23,
said Mannheim prosecutor Peter Wechsung. That was six days before the start of
the French Open, which Graf won.

Other properties were searched and bank documents were inspected, Wechsung said.

"I can confirm there is an investigation and that on May 23 there were searches
against Stefanie Graf and her father Peter Graf," Wechsung said.

Graf, 26, has a huge fortune from her tennis career and endorsements. She is
reported to be worth more than $ 72 million. TENNIS Sixth Seed Advances In
Swedish Open

Christian Ruud of Norway was the first seeded player to clinch a berth in the
quarterfinals of the $ 328,000 Swedish Open in Bastad after defeating Magnus
Gustafsson of Sweden 6-4, 1-6, 6-3.

Ruud, seeded sixth and ranked 62nd, will play unseeded Frederik Fetterlin of
Denmark in the quarterfinals. The Dane upset fourth-seeded Bohdan Ulihrach of
the Czech Republic 7-6 (13-11), 7-5. BASKETBALL Rockets And Maxwell Part Ways

Vernon Maxwell gave up on the Houston Rockets, and now the two-time defending
champions have given up on him.

The Rockets confirmed they waived the mercurial Maxwell, also known as "Mad
Max," on June 30, the day before the National Basketball Association lockout of
players halted any club-player dealings.

The move came two months after Maxwell, citing a hamstring injury, quit the team
after the first game of the Western Conference playoff series against Utah. The
club then gave him a leave of absence for personal reasons. On May 23, however,
Maxwell told the Houston Chronicle that the hamstring injury was a ruse.

Maxwell said he was upset that his playing time was cut by the arrival of Clyde
Drexler, who was obtained from Portland in a trade Feb. 14.

- Karin Nicholls has been named head women's basketball coach at Northeast
Missouri State University, filling the vacancy left by Jan Conner's resignation.
Nicholls has been an assistant coach and recruiting coordinator at Nebraska
since 1992.

- Attendance was up slightly at Division I basketball games last season, and the
Big Ten led the conferences as it has in every year since 1977, the NCAA said.
Syracuse drew the most fans of any individual school for the 11th year in a row.
TRACK AND FIELD Morceli Breaks His Record For 1,500

Noureddine Morceli of Algeria shattered his world record for 1,500 meters at the
Nikaia Grand Prix track and field meet in Nice, France with a time of 3 minutes,
27.37 seconds.

"I felt extraordinary," Morceli said after breaking his 1992 record of 3:28.86.

It was the second world record for Morceli in 10 days. He set the 2,000-meter
mark of 4:47.88 in Paris July 3. BOWLING Handegard Is Oldest PBA Winner

John Handegard, at age 57, became the oldest winner in PBA Tour history Tuesday
night, sweeping all four matches in the Northwest Classic for his first career
title. The event was held in Kennewick, Wash.

Handegard, the PBA Senior Tour's career victory and money leader, beat Mark
Williams 278-247 in the championship game. MISCELLANEOUS De La Hoya Surrenders
IBF Title

Oscar De La Hoya beat the International Boxing Federation to the punch.

The organization was getting ready to withdraw lightweight championship
recognition from De La Hoya for not fighting its No. 1 contender.

So, at a news conference, De La Hoya relinquished the IBF 135-pound title.

- Detroit Lions safety Bennie Blades underwent surgery on his right hand for an
injury his coach said he sustained in frustration upon learning of the shooting
death of his cousin. "The surgery went as expected," head trainer Kent Falb
said. "We will be able to better determine his prognosis after a week."

- Colin Montgomerie tied the course record with an eight-under-par 64 to take a
2-stroke lead after the first round of the $ 1.04 million Scottish Open.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

Minneapolis bluesman Stevie Renner indicted on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities; West Metro; Local

LENGTH: 760 words


A Minneapolis bluesman may have even more reason to wail the blues after being
indicted by a federal grand jury on charges of tax evasion.

The indictment returned Thursday alleges Steven Mark Renner -- "Stevie Renner"
to his fans -- underreported his income to the tune of almost $1.5 million
between 2002 and 2005 and owed more than $332,000 as of 2006, when the
investigation began.

And no, the 53-year-old guitarist didn't make that kind of money playing music.
Renner owns a successful cyber business, Cash Cards International, which allows
customers to make financial transactions online.

Reached at his office, Renner said the indictment was news to him.

"That's me, but I'm not aware of that," he said after being read a portion of
the indictment. "We had some conversations with the tax people a couple of years
ago, but I would have to defer this to my attorney because I really don't know."

He conceded, though, that his original attorney retired and he hasn't replaced
him.

The indictment, which alleges four counts of tax evasion, claims Renner diverted
"substantial funds" from his business to buy art, coins, oil wells, stamps and
vintage musical instruments -- and to support his band, Stevie Renner and the
Renegades.

An Internal Revenue Service agent's affidavit claims investigators found records
that Renner had bought seven Salvador Dali sculptures valued at more than
$350,000 and had obtained collections of rare stamps and coins worth more than
$120,000.

Although Renner's fans may know him from the band, people who do business online
may be more familiar with his company. The firm's Web site claims CCI has
250,000 members worldwide.

The company offers "digital payment services." Customers set up an online
account with CCI. Then, when they make a purchase online, they can transfer
money from the account to the seller. The customer pays to set up the account,
and the company takes a percentage of each online transaction.

The company also offers stored value cards, which a federal document described
as "a multi-level sales distributorship business opportunity."

CCI touts itself as a success story among online businesses. Renner is scheduled
to speak this weekend at the Midwest Internet Marketing Super Conference in
Bloomington.

A news release for the conference says Renner will talk about "his top 10 tips
... that you can use to create 'Your Own Million Dollar Online Business.' "

Federal authorities began investigating Renner and his company in 2006,
following run-ins he had with the Minnesota Department of Commerce and the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission. In 2002, Renner submitted an application to
the state to license CCI as a money-transmitting business but didn't provide the
tax returns required by state regulators.

The state issued a "cease and desist" order to the company but lifted it in 2003
after Renner agreed to either close CCI or relocate it to another state. He
moved it to South Dakota; the business address was an apartment once rented by a
relative of Renner's late wife, the IRS claimed.

After the SEC began looking into the business, Renner filed tax returns for 2002
through 2005. The indictment claims Renner included his company's tax return
information on his personal tax returns, and those returns were false because
they understated his income and the taxes due.

A 2006 affidavit for a warrant to search CCI's Minneapolis offices claimed bank
records showed that from January 2004 to September 2005, CCI had deposits of
more than $24 million.

The indictment alleges Renner diverted funds from CCI between 2002 and 2005 and
used part of the money to prop up his band. His biography on the band's Web site
says Renner is originally from San Diego and started playing beach parties in
1969. He hit the road in 1976 and played with REO Speedwagon and the Commodores.

A video of him playing a blistering version of Stevie Ray Vaughn's blues classic
"Texas Flood" can be found on YouTube.

"In the early '80s, Stevie was a local Minneapolis guitar legend," Renner's bio
says.

He also is a guitar collector with a good eye, said Nate Westgor, the "Willie"
of Willie's American Guitars, St. Paul's vintage guitar haven.

"He seems like a nice guy," Westgor said of Renner. "He's a good judge of
guitars. Guitars, like a lot of collectibles, you have an eye for it or would
know what would go up in value. He's usually quiet -- comes in, looks around for
a while and if something strikes him, he's been known to buy a few things."

Emily Gurnon contributed to this report.

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 10, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Court Says Author Can't Sell His Book on Evading Taxes

BYLINE: By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 451 words


A federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled yesterday that Irwin Schiff, the
nation's best-known tax protester, cannot sell his book ''The Federal Mafia''
because it gives fraudulent advice and encourages people to evade income taxes.
Anyone but Mr. Schiff or his associates may sell the $38 volume.

However, the court hinted that Mr. Schiff may be able to sell a new edition of
his book if he takes out the portions that promote his tax-evasion products and
services.

Mr. Schiff, 76, of Las Vegas, has twice gone to federal prison for tax crimes.
He was indicted in March for helping more than 3,600 people try to evade $56
million of taxes by filing returns reporting zero income.

The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, in San Francisco, held
that the book was central to the tax-evasion schemes that Mr. Schiff marketed,
making it commercial speech. The government may ban commercial speech if it
encourages people to commit crimes. The court's 18-page decision upheld a June
2003 order by Judge Lloyd D. George of Federal District Court in Las Vegas that
prohibited sale of the book by Mr. Schiff and two associates.

''The defendants have been selling products that help their customers engage in
illegal activity,'' and Mr. Schiff, through his book, ''is making fraudulent
claims,'' Judge Procter Hug Jr. wrote. He was joined by Judges Arthur L. Alarcon
and William A. Fletcher.

The tough language of the opinion contrasted with the tone of a February hearing
in which Justice Department lawyers were grilled by two judges, who expressed
skepticism that the book could be banned.

In his self-published book, Mr. Schiff asserted that people could legally escape
income taxes by putting ''zero'' in each box for reporting income on their tax
returns. The courts have rejected that claim as nonsense.

Mr. Schiff's case had drawn support from the American Booksellers Association,
the Association of American Publishers, the American Library Association, the
writers' group PEN and the Nevada affiliate of the American Civil Liberties
Union.

Allen Lichtenstein, the Las Vegas lawyer who represented these parties, said he
interpreted the decision as allowing continued sale of the book if the false
commercial speech promoting Mr. Schiff's tax advice is removed, and the book has
only ''unorthodox tax theories.''

Mr. Schiff, reached by telephone at his store, Freedom Books in Las Vegas, said
demand for his tax advice continued undiminished. ''I just finished meeting with
this elderly couple -- the guy has emphysema -- who owe no taxes, but the
government is trying to make them pay,'' he said, adding that he kept only half
his usual fee in that case.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 15, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Ex-Aide to Edwin Wilson Is Guilty of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section A; Page 6, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 124 words

DATELINE: SAN ANTONIO, July 14


A man who worked for Edwin Wilson, a former Central Intelligence Agency agent,
was convicted today on two counts of Federal income tax evasion, but his wife
was acquitted of the same charges.

The Federal jury's verdict in the case of Eugene and Betty Jo Tafoya came after
two days of deliberations. Mr. Tafoya will be sentenced by Federal District
Judge Dorwin W. Suttle.

The Tafoyas, both of El Paso, were charged with failing to report $90,000 in
income to the Internal Revenue Service in 1980 and 1981.  Government prosecutors
contended Mr. Tafoya got the money by working as a mercenary for Mr. Wilson, who
was convicted in an unrelated case of selling weapons to the Libyan Government.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright (c) 2009 Akron Tax Journal
                               Akron Tax Journal

                                      2009

                               Akron Tax Journal

                               24 Akron Tax J. 69

LENGTH: 7454 words

ARTICLE: OPINIONS ON THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION: A COMPARATIVE STUDY OF THE USA
AND SIX LATIN AMERICAN COUNTRIES

NAME: Robert W. McGee and Wendy Gelman

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The main goals of this study are to determine general attitudes on the
ethics of tax evasion and to determine whether certain demographic variables,
including gender, age, level of education, or religious observance have a
significant effect on attitudes toward tax evasion.  ... A few studies have
utilized the Ronald Inglehart et. al. database to examine attitudes toward tax
evasion for various subgroups.  ... The Inglehart et al. study did not ask for
reasons for the various responses, so one can only speculate about the reasons
for the responses, although several studies have addressed this issue and found
that all of these reasons have been given from time to time as reasons for not
evading taxes. ...  Table 5 Education Mean Scores (1 = never justifiable; 10 =
always justifiable) Lower Middle Upper Argentina 1.87 1.90 1.78 Chile 2.27 2.04
2.19 Mexico 2.19 2.53 2.14 Peru 2.10 2.14 2.08 Puerto Rico 1.45 1.91 2.16 USA
2.43 2.34 2.17 Venezuela 1.93 1.84 1.63 Averages 2.08 2.11 2.07 Chart 5 shows
the overall mean scores for each education level graphically.  ... Level of
education does not play a role for the Latin American countries included in the
present study or for the United States, although a study of attitudes in
Australia and New Zealand found that as people become more educated, they tend
to be less averse to tax evasion.  ... Since there is a positive correlation
between level of education and income level, we may tentatively conclude that as
Australians and New Zealanders become wealthier they have a stronger tendency to
evade taxes, but one cannot reach the same conclusion for the wealthier classes
in Latin American countries, since education level had no significant effect on
tax evasion attitude.

TEXT:
 [*69]  I. INTRODUCTION

   Tax evasion has been in existence ever since governments started imposing
taxes. There is a large body of literature in the economics and public finance
arena that discusses and analyzes various aspects of tax evasion. Economists
render opinions on the reasons for tax evasion and the methods and policies that
governments can adopt to reduce it. There is even a theory of optimal tax
evasion.  n1 Yet very few of these studies apply ethical theory in an attempt to
determine when, and under what circumstances, tax evasion might be ethical or
unethical.

   This study does not take either of these approaches. It does not analyze tax
evasion from the perspective of economics or public finance,  [*70]  and it does
not apply ethical theory to determine under what circumstances tax evasion might
be considered ethical, although ethics is discussed. It focuses on the attitude
toward tax evasion of a wide range of individuals in six Latin American
countries as well as the United States. The main goals of this study are to
determine general attitudes on the ethics of tax evasion and to determine
whether certain demographic variables, including gender, age, level of
education, or religious observance have a significant effect on attitudes toward
tax evasion.

   II. REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE

   Although much has been written about tax evasion from the perspective of
public finance, not many studies have focused on the ethical aspects of tax
evasion. One of the most comprehensive early studies on the ethics of tax
evasion was done by Martin Crowe,  n2 a Catholic priest who surveyed the
philosophical and religious (mostly Catholic) literature that had been written
over the previous five centuries. From this review, Crowe found that three basic
positions had emerged over the centuries. Tax evasion was considered to be:
never ethical, always ethical, or ethical under certain facts and circumstances.
Robert McGee  n3 expanded on this literature review.

   More recent studies were done by Benno Torgler  n4 and McGee.  n5 The Torgler
study was mostly empirical but did not examine the philosophical and ethical
literature in depth. The McGee studies examined the philosophical and ethical
literature but did not conduct empirical investigations.

   Although very few philosophical studies on the ethics of tax evasion have
been published, the existing studies span all three viewpoints. Walter Block  n6
surveyed the public finance literature but  [*71]  failed to find any adequate
explanations or arguments to justify taxation. McGee  n7 applied Lysander
Spooner's  n8 philosophy to the issue of tax evasion, which challenged the
social contract theories of Hobbes,  n9 Locke  n10 and Rousseau.  n11

   At the other end of the spectrum, a few philosophical studies concluded that
tax evasion is never justified. The literature of the Baha'i religion strictly
prohibits tax evasion, the main argument being that individuals have a duty to
obey the laws of the country in which they live.  n12 A study of the Mormon
religious literature reached the same conclusion and for the same reason.  n13

   Two philosophical studies of the ethics of tax evasion have been written from
a Jewish perspective, both concluding that tax evasion is never, or almost
never, ethical according to the Jewish literature.  n14 A third Jewish study,
n15 both philosophical and empirical in nature, found that although the Jewish
literature was firmly against tax evasion on ethical grounds, the Jews who were
surveyed were more flexible on the issue.  n16 An empirical study of Mormon
views  n17 found that many Mormons were also more flexible on the issue than
their religious literature would suggest.

    [*72]  Several philosophical studies concluded that tax evasion could be
ethical in certain situations. Robert Pennock  n18 concluded that tax evasion
was ethical in cases where the country collecting the taxes was engaged in an
unjust war. Alfonso Morales  n19 regarded a man's duty to feed his family as
more important than feeding the state's coffers. Gregory M.A. Gronbacher  n20
and D. Eric Schansberg  n21 concluded that the Catholic religious literature
permits tax evasion in certain situations, a view that concurs with the Crowe
n22 study. Gronbacher's study  n23 of the Christian literature reached the same
conclusion. Two Islamic scholars  n24 examined their religious literature and
reported that Muslims have a duty to God to contribute to the poor. They did not
address the issue of the relationship of the individual to the state and the
corresponding duty to pay taxes. A survey of the Islamic business ethics
literature by a non-Muslim scholar  n25 found that tax evasion can be justified
in cases where the effect of the tax is to increase prices or where the tax is
on income.

   A few empirical studies on the ethics of tax evasion have been conducted.
Studies of Argentina,  n26 Armenia,  n27 Bosnia & Herzegovina,  n28  [*73]
China,  n29 Germany,  n30 Guatemala,  n31 Hong Kong,  n32 Macau,  n33 Poland,
n34 Romania,  n35 Slovakia,  n36 Thailand,  n37 Ukraine,  n38 philosophy
teachers,  n39 and international business academics  n40 asked respondents to
give their opinion on the ethics of tax evasion in various specific situations,
using a 7-point Likert Scale, and all concluded that tax evasion may be
ethically justified in certain situations, although some arguments were stronger
than others. The Torgler  n41 study reached the same conclusion, using a
different methodology.

    [*74]  The aforementioned McGee et al. studies found that tax evasion is
more likely to be viewed as justifiable if: the tax system is perceived as being
unfair, the government abuses human rights, tax funds wind up in the pockets of
corrupt politicians, tax rates are too high, or there is inability to pay. This
finding corresponds closely with Catholic theological literature on the topic
n42 and a study of Mexican migrant workers,  n43 both of which conclude that
support for tax evasion is weak where individuals get something in return for
their money.

   A few studies have utilized the Ronald Inglehart et. al.  n44 database to
examine attitudes toward tax evasion for various subgroups. Torgler  n45 used it
in his doctoral dissertation. McGee and Sanjoy Bose  n46 used it to compare
attitudes of sample populations in Australia, New Zealand, and the United
States. The database was also used for studies of Vietnam,  n47 several Asian
countries,  n48 and a longitudinal study of ten transition economies,  n49 which
all found that there is some support for tax evasion, but that support is weak.

   III. METHODOLOGY

   This study in part used data that was compiled in a much larger and
comprehensive study by Inglehart et al.  n50 The Inglehart study asked hundreds
of questions to more than 200,000 people in 81 countries.  n51 One of those
questions ("F116") was on the ethics of tax evasion.  n52 The question asked
whether the respondent would cheat on taxes if there  [*75]  were an opportunity
to do so.  n53 Responses were tallied using a ten-point Likert scale where 1
represented "never justifiable" and 10 represented "always justifiable."

   Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Peru, Puerto Rico and Venezuela were the Latin
American countries chosen for examination because they were the only Latin
American countries for which Inglehart et al. gathered data. The United States
was also chosen for comparison purposes.

   One criticism that might be made of the Inglehart et al.'s methodology is
that the data was gathered in face-to-face interviews.  n54 Data gathered in
this manner may not be highly representative of the real views of the people
being interviewed, since there may be a tendency to give the interviewer the
response that is expected, deemed to be moral, or least embarrassing. A better
approach would have been to collect the data anonymously. However, the Inglehart
et al. study is widely respected and face-to-face interviewing is an accepted
research methodology. Furthermore, several studies of tax evasion using the
Inglehart et al. data have been published, making it possible to compare
results. The present study fills a gap in the literature by examining data from
Latin American countries.

   IV. FINDINGS

   If one were to summarize the findings of the present study in a single
sentence, it would be that there is some support for tax evasion but that
support is weak and varies by country, gender, and age, but not by level of
education and only occasionally by religious observance.

   Table 1 lists the sample sizes and overall mean scores for each country. All
of the mean scores were well below 2.5 which, on a scale of 1 to 10, indicate
that there is not much support for evading taxes even when there is a
possibility of doing so. This could be for a variety of reasons, including the
threat of possible punishment and the perceived notion that there is some moral
duty, either to God, to the state, or to some segment of the taxpaying
community. The Inglehart et al. study did not ask for reasons for the various
responses, so one can only speculate about the reasons for the responses,
although several studies have addressed this issue  n55 and found that all of
these reasons have been given from time to time as reasons for not evading
taxes.  [*76]
                     Table 1
       Sample Size and Overall Mean Scores
 (1 = never justifiable; 10 = always justifiable)
                            Sample        Mean
                             Size         Score
Argentina                         1270        1.87
Chile                             1177        2.15
Mexico                            1447        2.31
Peru                              1473        2.11
Puerto Rico                        706        2.01
USA                               1198        2.28
Venezuela                         1194        1.82
Total                             8465

   Chart 1 compares the mean scores graphically and assembles them from lowest
(never justifiable) to highest (always justifiable). The chart clearly shows
that, although the mean scores are different, they are all rather low compared
to the highest possible score of 10. Venezuelans were most likely to believe
that tax evasion is never justifiable. Mexicans were most likely to view tax
evasion as justifiable, although a mean score of only 2.31 indicates that there
is not much support for this proposition even in Mexico.

    [*77]   Chart 1 Mean Scores

A. Gender

   Numerous studies have compared male and female attitudes and opinions on a
variety of ethical issues. Some studies have concluded that females are more
ethical than males,  n56 while at least one other study has come to the opposite
conclusion.  n57 A third group of studies found no statistical difference
between male and female attitudes.  n58

   A few studies have explored male and female attitudes toward the ethics of
tax evasion. Women were found to be more strongly opposed than men to tax
evasion in studies of Guatemala,  n59 Hong Kong,  n60 Hubei,  [*78]  China,  n61
Orthodox Jews,  n62 Spain,  n63 Thailand,  n64 international business
professors,  n65 and U.S. business students in Utah.  n66 Men were found to be
slightly more opposed to tax evasion in a study of Romania  n67 and
significantly more opposed to tax evasion in a study of Slovakia.  n68

   In studies of Argentina,  n69 Beijing, China,  n70 Guangzhou, China,  n71
Hong Kong,  n72 Macau,  n73 Poland,  n74 and Ukraine,  n75 the views of men and
women on the ethics of tax evasion showed no real difference.

   Table 2 shows the results of the present study, based on gender. Male scores
were higher for all six countries, indicating that men are less opposed to
evading taxes than are women. However, Wilcoxon tests found the differences to
be significant only in three cases -- Argentina, Peru and the United States.

   It would be premature to conclude from these findings that women are more
ethical than men, however. In order to reach that conclusion one must begin with
the premise that tax evasion is unethical, which might not be the case. The
various studies cited above have shown that a significant portion of various
populations believe that tax evasion is morally justified in certain cases. Some
of the religious literature also supports this view,  n76 although the religious
literature of Judaism,  n77 the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints,
n78 and the Baha'i religion  n79 do not. All that one may conclude from the
present findings is that women tend to be more opposed to evading taxes than are
men in Argentina, Peru, and the United States.  [*79]
                           Table 2
                      Gender Mean Scores
       (1 = never justifiable; 10 = always justifiable)
                                 Score
                                 Larger
                                   by
            Combined Male Female  Male  Female     p value
Argentina       1.87 2.10   1.67   0.43          * 0.009961
Chile           2.15 2.16   2.15   0.01            0.9168
Mexico          2.31 2.40   2.22   0.18            0.2021
Peru            2.11 2.23   2.00   0.23         ** 0.02508
Puerto Rico     2.01 2.14   1.94   0.20            0.6006
USA             2.28 2.54   2.01   0.53          * 5.599e-06
Venezuela       1.82 1.86   1.77   0.09            0.9465
Averages        2.09 2.22   1.97

* Significant at 1% level
** Significant at 5% level

   Chart 2 shows the overall mean scores graphically. The graph clearly shows
that, although men are more likely to evade taxes if they have an opportunity to
do so, neither group is very likely to evade taxes.

    [*80]   Chart 2 Mean Scores - Gender

   Chart 3 shows the gender comparisons for each country. Again, there is not
much difference in the larger scheme of things, although the difference in the
United States is the most pronounced.

    Chart 3 Gender Comparisons

 [*81]  B. Age

   A study by Durwood Ruegger and Ernest W. King  n80 found that people become
more ethical as they get older. Their study divided respondents into the
following four groups: 21 or less, 22-30, 31-40 and 40 plus.  n81 But Ronald
Sims et al.  n82 found that older students had fewer qualms about pirating
software than did younger students.

   Emin Babakus et al.  n83 also found that age made a difference, but what
difference age makes sometimes depends on culture. Younger people from the UK,
United States, and France tend to be less ethical consumers than do older people
from these countries, whereas younger Austrians tend to be more ethical
consumers than their elders.  n84 Age generally did not matter for Hong Kong
consumers, except in the case of stealing towels from hotels and blankets from
aircrafts.  n85 Younger people tended to be less tolerant of these kinds of
activities than did their elder Hong Kong consumers. Brunei consumers showed
mixed results. In some cases younger people were more ethical whereas in other
cases older people were more ethical.  n86

   Table 3 summarizes the mean scores by age for the present study. The
Inglehart et al.  n87 (2004) data seted the groups into three age categories.
[*82]
                         Table 3
                     Age Mean Scores
    (1 = never justifiable ; 10 = always justifiable)
                           16-29       30-49       50+
Argentina                      2.15        1.84      1.65
Chile                          2.23        2.15      2.08
Mexico                         2.51        2.39      1.88
Peru                           2.12        2.19      1.92
Puerto Rico                    2.58        2.18      1.63
USA                            2.73        2.26      1.90
Venezuela                      1.86        1.76      1.85
Averages                       2.25        2.13      1.84

   Chart 4 shows the overall mean scores for each age group graphically. As can
be seen, the mean score declines as people get older, indicating that people are
less likely to evade taxes as they become older.

 Chart 4 Mean Scores - Age

    [*83]  Table 4 shows the p values for each age group and each country. The
decline in mean scores is significant in 10 of 21 cases. The most significant
declines are in the cases of Mexico, Puerto Rico, and the United States, where
the differences are significant for all three comparisons. There was not a
significant correlation between age and mean scores for Chile, Peru, and
Venezuela. The difference in mean scores was significant for Argentina only when
comparing the youngest and oldest age group.
               Table 4 P Values - Age
                  15-29         15-29        30-49
                   vs.           vs.          vs.
                  30-49          50+          50+
Argentina           0.1447     * 0.003738     0.1215
Chile               0.4679       0.434        0.9201
Mexico           ** 0.04093   * 8.226e-05  ** 0.03695
Peru                0.8909       0.1637       0.2125
Puerto Rico     *** 0.08486   * 0.0007522  ** 0.08219
USA              * 0.009714   * 6.327e-06  ** 0.0136
Venezuela           0.7893       0.9197       0.7494

* Significant at 1% level
** Significant at 5% level
*** Significant at 10% level


C. Education

   The Inglehart et al. study  n88 also grouped responses by level of education.
The categories for education were compiled as follows:

    [*84]  Lower

   Inadequately completed elementary education, or

   Completed (compulsory) elementary education, or

   (Compulsory) elementary education and basic vocational qualification

   Middle

   Secondary, intermediate vocational qualification, or

   Secondary, intermediate qualification, or

   Full secondary, maturity level certificate

Upper

   Higher education - lower-level tertiary certificate, or

   Higher education - upper-level tertiary certificate

   At least three other studies have examined the relationship between the level
of education and attitudes toward tax evasion using the Inglehart et al. data. A
study of 33 countries  n89 found the differences between the middle and upper
groups were insignificant. However, the lower group was significantly more
opposed to tax evasion than were the middle and upper level group. A study of
Vietnamese opinion  n90 found that the most educated group was significantly
less opposed to tax evasion.

   A comtive study of Australia, New Zealand, and the United States  n91 found
no relationship between education level and mean scores for the United States
sample but a significant difference for the Australia and New Zealand samples.
What is most interesting about this study was that there was less opposition to
tax evasion for the Australian and New Zealand samples as the level of education
increased.

   Table 5 shows the mean scores for education for the present study.  [*85]
                      Table 5
               Education Mean Scores
 (1 = never justifiable; 10 = always justifiable)
                   Lower         Middle     Upper
Argentina                  1.87      1.90      1.78
Chile                      2.27      2.04      2.19
Mexico                     2.19      2.53      2.14
Peru                       2.10      2.14      2.08
Puerto Rico                1.45      1.91      2.16
USA                        2.43      2.34      2.17
Venezuela                  1.93      1.84      1.63
Averages                   2.08      2.11      2.07

   Chart 5 shows the overall mean scores for each education level graphically.
As can be seen, the score rises slightly when one moves from the lower to the
middle education level, then declines slightly when one moves from the middle to
the upper education level, indicating that people in the middle education
category tend to be somewhat more likely to evade taxes if they have an
opportunity than for the other two groups.

 Chart 5 Mean Scores - Education

    [*86]  Chart 6 shows the differences in mean score by country. As can be
seen, the patterns are different. Whereas the overall trend is downward,
indicating a lower likelihood of cheating on taxes as the level of education
increases, those in the middle education group are sometimes more likely to
cheat than people in the lower and upper groups and sometimes less likely. The
exception to the general pattern is Puerto Rico. People in that country tend to
become more likely to evade taxes as they become better educated.

 Chart 6 Education Level by Country

   Table 6 shows the p values for each country. The only case where education
plays a significant factor is when one compares the lower to middle educational
level groups for Mexico. In all other cases the differences in mean scores are
not significant.  [*87]
              Table 6
        P Values - Education
              Lower    Lower  Middle
               vs.      vs.    vs.
              Middle   Upper  Upper
Argentina      0.4043  0.964  0.588
Chile          0.135   0.8269 0.337
Mexico      ** 0.02068 0.3359 0.5395
Peru           0.7954  0.5851 0.7239
Puerto Rico    0.4009  0.2047 0.5645
USA            0.9917  0.8209 0.7971
Venezuela      0.7424  0.3061 0.3808

* Significant at 1% level
** Significant at 5% level


D. Religious Observance

   The Inglehart et al.  n92 data also gave sete breakdowns by religious
affiliation and religious observance.  n93 The present study makes comparisons
based on religious observance. Table 7 shows the mean scores for each category
of religious observance, which is based on the frequency of attendance at
religious services. The categories are as follows:

   MOW -- more than once a week

   OW -- once a week

   OM -- once a month

   OSH -- only on special holydays

   OY -- once a year

   LO -- less often

   NPN -- never or practically never [*88]
                       Table 7
                Religious Mean Scores
  (1 = never justifiable; 10 = always justifiable)
             MOW   OW    OM    OSH   OY    LO    NPN
Argentina    1.58  1.66  1.64  1.76  1.88  1.87  2.26
Chile        2.20  2.15  2.20  1.88  2.42  1.95  2.07
Mexico       2.17  2.22  2.25  2.61  2.22  2.68  2.75
Peru         1.85  2.02  2.12  2.28  2.50  2.38  2.29
Puerto Rico  1.58  1.96  1.95  2.53  2.76  2.40  2.50
USA          1.76  1.94  2.49  2.54  2.97  2.34  2.74
Venezuela    1.82  1.77  1.75  1.82  1.84  1.76  2.02
Averages     1.85  2.01  2.06  2.20  2.31  2.06  2.31

   Chart 7 shows the mean scores for each category graphically. There seems to
be a direct correlation between the frequency of attendance and the attitude
toward cheating on taxes where there is an opportunity to do so. People who
attend services less frequently are more likely to cheat on taxes if they have a
chance.

 Chart 7 Mean Scores - Religion

   Table 8 shows the p values for certain intergroup comparisons. In general,
the mean differences are not significant. However, people in  [*89]  Peru and
the United States who attend services once a month are significantly more likely
to evade taxes than people who attend services more than once a week. People in
the United States who never or practically never attend services are also more
likely to cheat on their taxes than are people who attend services more than
once a week.
                 Table 8
      P Values -- Religious Practice
                MOW         MOW       OM
                vs.         vs.      vs.
                OM          NPN      NPN
Argentina       0.6071     0.9353   0.5259
Chile           0.4371     0.6329   0.1438
Mexico          0.6291     0.8407   0.5662
Peru        *** 0.06756    0.1808   0.779
Puerto Rico     0.4829     0.868    0.4686
USA         *** 0.07596  * 0.006809 0.3732
Venezuela       0.8658     0.7201   0.6985

* Significant at 1% level
** Significant at 5% level
*** Significant at 10% level

   V. CONCLUDING COMMENTS

   There are many explanations for why the attitudes toward cheating on taxes
may differ (or not) by country. Some possible partial explanations are the
influence certain demographics such as gender, age, education level, and
religious practice play in shaping one's opinions. The political system of the
country where one lives is another. Income level, which is not examined in the
present study, also probably plays a role. It is reasonable to expect that
people who earn more money tend to feel exploited if they are forced to pay a
higher percentage of their marginal income in taxes than are people at lower
income levels. The wealthier classes might resent being forced to pay relatively
high tax rates, and this resentment may cause them to view cheating on taxes
[*90]  more favorably than individuals who receive benefits in exchange for
their tax contributions.

   People at the lower end of the economic spectrum might also resent paying
taxes but for entirely different reasons. Rather than feeling exploited compared
to other income groups, they may feel that they have little or no moral
obligation to pay because of inability. This reason was one of the dominant
arguments to justify tax evasion in the Catholic literature,  n94 and this view
was supported by a study of Mexican migrant workers.  n95

   Culture also plays a role. Geert Hofstede  n96 examined power distance,
collectivism versus individualism, uncertainty avoidance, masculinity verses
femininity, and long-term orientation as factors that affect a wide range of
attitudes and behaviors. Edward T. Hall  n97 looked at culture from the
perspectives of high and low context and compared monochromic cultures to
polychromic cultures. All of these factors play a role, although it is not
always clear what that role is, and a number of factors interact, making it
difficult, if not impossible, to determine which factors play a dominant role.
n98

   The findings of the present study indicate that some people will cheat on
taxes if they have an opportunity, but that many will not. Results vary by
country, gender, age and somewhat by religious observance. Level of education
does not play a role for the Latin American countries included in the present
study or for the United States, although a study of attitudes in Australia and
New Zealand found that as people become more educated, they tend to be less
averse to tax evasion. Since there is a positive correlation between level of
education and income level, we may tentatively conclude that as Australians and
New Zealanders become wealthier they have a stronger tendency to evade taxes,
but one cannot reach the same conclusion for the wealthier  [*91]  classes in
Latin American countries, since education level had no significant effect on tax
evasion attitude.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesFraudFraud Against the GovernmentTax
FraudPenaltiesTax LawState & Local TaxesAdministration & ProceedingsFailure to
Pay TaxTax LawState & Local TaxesAdministration & ProceedingsTax Avoidance &
Evasion

FOOTNOTES:





n1  See Carl Davidson, Lawrence Martin & John D. Wilson, Tax Evasion as an
Optimal Tax Device, 86 ECON. LETTERS 285, 289 (2005); See also Rosella Levaggi &
Francesco Menoncin, A Note on Optimal Tax Evasion in the Presence of Merit Goods
(2007), http://ssrn.com/abstract=979687.





n2  Martin T. Crowe, The Moral Obligation of Paying Just Taxes, 84 CATH. U. AM.
STUD. SACRED THEOLOGY 27, 27-77 (1944).





n3  See Robert W. McGee, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of International
Business Academics 3-23 (2006), http://ssrn.com/abstract=803964.





n4  Benno Torgler, Tax Morale: Theory and Empirical Analysis of Tax Compliance
(2003) (unpublished doctoral dissertation, Universitat Basel zur Erlangung der
Wurde eines Doktors der Staatswissenschaften) (on file with author).





n5  Robert W. McGee, Is Tax Evasion Unethical? 42 U. KAN. L. REV. 411 (1994).





n6  Walter Block, The Justification of Taxation in the Public Finance
Literature: An Unorthodox View, 3 ECONOMIA DELLE SCELTE PUBBLICHE 141, 156-58
(1989); Walter Block, Public Finance Texts Cannot Justify Government Taxation: A
Critique, 36 CAN. PUB. ADMIN. 225-62 (1993), reprinted as Walter Block, The
Justification for Taxation in the Economics Literature, in THE ETHICS OF TAX
EVASION 36, 86-88 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n7  McGee, supra note 5, at 430-31.





n8  See, e.g., LYSANDER SPOONER, NO TREASON: THE CONSTITUTION OF NO AUTHORITY 39
(Ralph Myles Publishers 1973) (1870).





n9  See THOMAS HOBBES, LEVIATHAN (1651).





n10  See JOHN LOCKE, TWO TREATISES ON GOVERNMENT (1689).





n11  See JEAN JACQUES ROUSSEAU, THE SOCIAL CONTRACT (1762).





n12  Wig DeMoville, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Baha'i Perspective, 1 J. ACCT.
ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 356, 356-68 (1998), reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION
230, 233-36 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n13  Sheldon R. Smith & Kevin C. Kimball, Tax Evasion and Ethics: A Perspective
from Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, 1 J. ACCT.
ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 337, 337-48 (1998), reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION
220, 223-24 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n14  Gordon Cohn, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Jewish Perspective, 1 J. ACCT.
ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 109, 109-20 (1998), reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION
180, 187-88 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998); Meir Tamari, Ethical Issues in Tax
Evasion: A Jewish Perspective, 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 121, 121-32
(1998), reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 168, 176 (Robert W. McGee ed.,
1998).





n15  Robert W. McGee & Gordon Cohn, Jewish Perspectives on the Ethics of Tax
Evasion, J. of Legal, Ethical, & Reg. Issues, 11(2): 1-32 (2008), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=929027.





n16  Id.





n17  Robert W. McGee & Sheldon R. Smith, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: An Empirical
Study of Utah Opinion, 6-8 (Barry Univ. Andreas School of Business Working Paper
Series, 2006), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=934649.





n18  Robert T. Pennock, Death and Taxes: On the Justice of Conscientious War Tax
Resistance, 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 58, 58-76 (1998), reprinted in THE
ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 124, 132-42 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n19  Alfonso Morales, Income Tax Compliance and Alternative Views of Ethics and
Human Nature, 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 380, 380-99 (1998), reprinted in
THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 242, 244 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n20  Gregory M.A. Gronbacher, Taxation: Catholic Social Thought and Classical
Liberalism, 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 91, 91-100 (1998), reprinted in THE
ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 158, 163-64 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n21  D. Eric Schansberg, The Ethics of Tax Evasion within Biblical Christianity:
Are There Limits to "Rendering Unto Caesar"? 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 77,
77-90 (1998), reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 144, 144 (Robert W. McGee
ed., 1998).





n22  Crowe, supra note 2, at 164.





n23  Gronbacher, supra note 20.





n24  Athar Murtuza & S. M. Ghazanfar, Taxation as a Form of Worship: Exploring
the Nature of Zakat, 1 J. ACCT. ETHICS & PUB. POL'Y 134, 143-61 (1998),
reprinted in THE ETHICS OF TAX EVASION 190, 209 (Robert W. McGee ed., 1998).





n25  Robert W. McGee, The Ethics of Tax Evasion and Trade Protectionism from an
Islamic Perspective, 1 COMMENT. L. & PUB. POL'Y 250, 260 (1997), available at
http://ssrn.com/abstract=461397.





n26  Robert W. McGee & Marcelo J. Rossi, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of
Law and Business Students in Argentina, 24 (2006),
http://ssrn.com./abstract=875892.





n27  Robert W. McGee & Tatyana B. Maranjyan, Tax Evasion in Armenia: An
Empirical Study, 12 (2006), http://ssrn.com/abstract=869309.





n28  Robert W. McGee, Meliha Basic & Michael Tyler, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A
Survey of Bosnian Opinion, 10 J. S. EUR. & BALKANS, available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/ papers.cfm?abstract_id=899609.





n29  Robert W. McGee & Zhiwen Guo, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of Law,
Business and Philosophy Students in China, 13 (2006),
http://ssrn.com/abstract=869304; Robert W. McGee & Carlos Noronha, The Ethics of
Tax Evasion: A Comtive Study of Guangzhou (Southern China) and Macau Opinion
(Barry Univ. Andreas School of Business Working Paper Series 2007), available at
http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=1015882; Robert W. McGee &
Yuhua An, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of Chinese Business and Economics
Students, 12 (2006), http://ssrn.com/abstract=869280.





n30  Robert W. McGee, Inge Nickerson & Werner Fees, When Is Tax Evasion
Ethically Justifiable? A Survey of German Opinion, 9 PROC. ACAD. LEGAL ETHICAL &
REG. ISSUES 35, 37 (2005).





n31  Robert W. McGee & Christopher Lingle, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey
of Guatemalan Opinion, 37 (2005), http://ssrn.com/abstract=813288.





n32  Robert W. McGee & Y. Y. Butt, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of Hong
Kong Opinion, The IABPAD Conference Proceedings, Dallas, Texas, April 24-27,
2008 (forthcoming); Robert W. McGee & Simon S. M. Ho, The Ethics of Tax Evasion:
A Survey of Accounting, Business and Economics Students in Hong Kong 14 (2006),
http://ssrn.com/abstract=869306.





n33  Robert W. McGee, Carlos Noronha & Michael Tyler, The Ethics of Tax Evasion:
A Survey of Macau Opinion, presented at the FIFTEENTH ANN. WORLD BUS. CONG.
INT'L MGMT DEV. ASSN (IMDA), Sarajevo, Bosnia, June 18-21 (2006).





n34  Robert W. McGee & Arkadiusz Bernal, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of
Business Students in Poland, 21 (2006), http://ssrn.com/abstract=875434.





n35  Robert W. McGee, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of Romanian Business
Students and Faculty (Barry Univ. Andreas School of Business Working Paper
Series 2005), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=813345, reprinted in ROBERT
W. MCGEE & GALINA G. PREOBRAGENSKAYA, ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL SYSTEM REFORM IN
EASTERN EUROPE AND ASIA 299-334 (2006).





n36  Robert W. McGee & Radoslav Tusan, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of
Slovak Opinion, 19 (Barry Univ. Andreas School of Business Working Paper Series
2006), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=932990.





n37  Robert W. McGee, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Case Study of Opinion in
Thailand, 17 (Barry Univ. Andreas School of Business Working Paper Series 2006),
available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=934645.





n38  Irina Nasadyuk & Robert W. McGee, Lessons for Emerging Tax Regimes: The
Ethics of Tax Evasion in the Ukraine, OPEN SOCIETY INSTITUTE, HIGHER EDUCATION
SUPPORT PROGRAM, REGIONAL SEMINAR FOR EXCELLENCE IN TEACHING, Odessa, July
23-August 4, 2006, published in the Proceedings at 47-66.





n39  Robert W. McGee, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Survey of Philosophy Teachers
(forthcoming).





n40  McGee, supra note 3, at 38.





n41  Torgler, supra note 4.





n42  Crowe, supra note 2.





n43  Morales, supra note 19.





n44  HUMAN BELIEFS AND VALUES: A CROSS-CULTURAL SOURCEBOOK BASED ON THE
1999-2002 VALUES SURVEYS (Ronald Inglehart et al. eds., 2004).





n45  Torgler, supra note 4.





n46  Robert W. McGee & Sanjoy Bose, The Ethics of Tax Evasion: A Comtive Study
of Australian, New Zealand and USA Opinion 951-64 (Barry Univ. Andreas School of
Business Working Paper Series 2007), available at:
http://ssrn.com/abstract=979408.





n47  Robert W. McGee, A Survey of Vietnamese Opinion on the Ethics of Tax
Evasion, in TAXATION AND PUBLIC FINANCE IN TRANSITION AND DEVELOPING ECONOMIES
663-74 (Robert W. McGee ed. 2008).





n48  Robert W. McGee, Ethics and Tax Evasion in Asia, 5 ICFAI J. PUB. FIN. 21
(2007), reprinted in BUSINESS ETHICS: A 360 DEGREE APPRAISAL (forthcoming),
available at http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=934644.





n49  Robert W. McGee, Trends in the Ethics of Tax Evasion: An Empirical Study of
10 Transition Economies, in TAXATION AND PUBLIC FINANCE IN TRANSITION AND
DEVELOPING ECONOMIES 119-36 (Robert W. McGee ed. 2008).





n50  HUMAN BELIEFS AND VALUES, supra note 44.





n51  See id. at vii-xiv, 401-06.





n52  Id. at F116, xii.





n53  Id.





n54  See id. at 400.





n55  See Robert W. McGee, Three Views on the Ethics of Tax Evasion, 67 J. BUS.
ETHICS 15, 23-24 (2006); McGee & Cohn, supra note 15.





n56  Leslie M. Dawson, Ethical Differences Between Men and Women in the Sales
Profession, 16 J. BUS. ETHICS 1143, 1147-50 (1997); Durwood Ruegger & Ernest W.
King, A Study of the Effect of Age and Gender upon Student Business Ethics, 11
J. BUS. ETHICS 179, 184-85 (1992); William A. Weeks, et al., The Effects of
Gender and Career Stage on Ethical Judgment, 20 J. BUS. ETHICS 301, 310 (1999).





n57  John H. Barnett & Marvin J. Karson, Personal Values and Business Decisions:
An Exploratory Investigation, 6 J. BUS. ETHICS 371, 381 (1987).





n58  Robert Loo, Are Women More Ethical Than Men? Findings from Three
Independent Studies, 18 WOMEN MGMT. REV. 169, 176 (2003); Barry Z. Posner &
Warren H. Schmidt, Values and the American Manager: An Update, 26 CAL. MGMT.
REV. 202, 212 (1984); Keith G. Stanga & Richard A. Turpen, Ethical Judgments on
Selected Accounting Issues: An Empirical Study, 10 J. BUS. ETHICS 739, 746
(1991).





n59  McGee & Lingle, supra note 31, at 35.





n60  McGee & Butt, supra note 32.





n61  McGee & Guo, supra note 29, at 8-9.





n62  McGee & Cohn, supra note 15.





n63  James Alm & Benno Torgler, Presentation on Estimating the Determinants of
Tax Morale Before the National Tax Association -- Tax Institute of America
(2004), in MINUTES at 269, 271-73.





n64  McGee, supra note 37, at 13-14.





n65  McGee, supra note 3, at 37.





n66  McGee & Smith, supra note 17, at 16.





n67  McGee, supra note 35, at 19.





n68  McGee & Tusan, supra note 36, at 11.





n69  McGee & Rossi, supra note 26, at 18.





n70  McGee & An, supra note 29, at 10-11.





n71  McGee & Noronha, supra note 29.





n72  McGee & Ho, supra note 32, at 9.





n73  McGee, Noronha, & Tyler, supra note 33.





n74  McGee & Bernal, supra note 34, at 14.





n75  Nasadyuk & McGee, supra note 38.





n76  Crowe, supra note 2, at 164; Gronbacher, supra note 20; McGee, supra note
5; McGee, supra note 25; Pennock, supra note 18; Schansberg, supra note 21.





n77  Cohn, supra note 14; Tamari, supra note 14.





n78  Smith & Kimball, supra note 13.





n79  DeMoville, supra note 12.





n80  Ruegger & King, supra note 56, at 184.





n81  Id.





n82  Ronald R. Sims, Hsing K. Cheng & Hildy Teegen, Toward a Profile of Student
Software Piraters, 15 J. BUS. ETHICS 839, 844 (1996).





n83  Emin Babakus, et al., Reactions to Unethical Consumer Behavior Across Six
Countries, 21 J. CONSUMER MARKETING 254, 257-58 (2004).





n84  Id. at 259.





n85  Id.





n86  Id.





n87  HUMAN BELIEFS AND VALUES, supra note 44.





n88  Id.





n89  Robert W. McGee & Michael Tyler, Tax Evasion and Ethics: A Demographic
Study of 33 Countries 15 (2006), available at http://ssrn.com/abstract=940505.





n90  McGee, supra note 47.





n91  McGee & Bose, supra note 46, at 8.





n92  HUMAN BELIEFS AND VALUES, supra note 44.





n93  Id. at F024, F028.





n94  Crowe, supra note 2.





n95  Morales, supra note 19.





n96  Geert Hofstede, Motivation, Leadership, and Organizational: Do American
Theories Apply Abroad? 10 ORG. DYNAMICS 42, 43 (1980); See GEERT HOFSTEDE,
CULTURES AND ORGANIZATIONS: SOFTWARE OF THE MIND 23-173 (1991); See also GEERT
HOFSTEDE, CULTURES AND ORGANIZATIONS, SOFTWARE OF THE MIND: INTERCULTURAL
COOPERATION AND ITS IMPORTANCE FOR SURVIVAL (1994); Geert Hofstede, Management
Scientists are Human, 40 MGMT SCI. 4, 5-11 (1994).





n97  See, e.g., EDWARD T. HALL, THE SILENT LANGUAGE 37, 58 (1959); EDWARD T.
HALL, THE HIDDEN DIMENSION 173 (1966); See also EDWARD T. HALL, BEYOND CULTURE
(1976).





n98  THE SILENT LANGUAGE, supra note 97, at 58; THE HIDDEN DIMENSION, supra note
97, at 173; see BEYOND CULTURE, supra note 97.


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Dolce & Gabbana Cleared of Tax Evasion Charges

LENGTH: 347  words


Italian designers Stefano Gabbana and Domenico Dolce were ruled not guilty of
tax evasion by Italy's highest court. The case is interesting for several
reasons, including its high-profile principals. It might also be useful to
soccer superstar Lionel Messi in his tax case in Spain. Tax attorney Rob Wood
discusses the D&G case in this report and in his Forbes article "Dolce & Gabbana
Cleared Of Tax Evasion, Could Help Lionel Messi Trial."
Wood explains that, in the Dolce & Gabbana case, the designers were found guilty
of tax evasion and given 18-month sentences. An appellate court affirmed the
case but reduced the sentences. Ultimately, the highest court reversed the
criminal conviction. Of course, Wood notes, the Italian government will collect
[#x20ac]343 million in fines and restitution.


The D&G case involved the sale of the Dolce & Gabbana company to a Luxembourg
company. There were lawyers and advisors involved in the sale, "setting up
entities . . . that could be called shell companies." In the D&G case, the
lawyers were able to persuade the highest court that the principals had not
willfully tried to evade taxes. They were trying to save taxes, but all within
the law as they understood it.
Wood believes that the arguments in the Dolce & Gabbana case "were compelling"
and would be equally applicable to Lionel Messi's case. Wood says he has read
nothing to suggest that Messi himself did anything wrong. It may be that Wesley
Snipes was also "led down the primrose path" by advisors and did not himself
have any evil intent. Jail time is often a bad idea in situations like these.
Wood says that clearing one's name is an important issue for people who are in
the spotlight and whose success depends on their reputation.
For more information on the subject, please refer to Mr. Wood's article in
Forbes. Robert Wood is a tax attorney with Wood, LLP in San Francisco,
California and spoke with The Tax Law Channel, an affiliate of The Legal
Broadcast Network.  The Legal Broadcast Network is a featured network of the
Sequence Media Group. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

FROM THE REGION

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1718 words


COLUMN: FROM THE REGION

Worcester

Search turns up drugs, guns; four arrested

WORCESTER - Police found guns, drugs, and other items during a search of a Dixon
Avenue apartment.

The search led to the arrest of Jeannette Kanu, 33, and Roberto Bottom, 36, both
of 10 Dixon Ave., and Joshua Croteau, 36, of 16 Goucher Ave. Ms. Kanu and Mr.
Bottom were charged with possession of Percocet pills with intent to distribute;
Mr. Croteau was charged with possession of Percocet pills.

A fourth person, David Santiago, 34, of 10 Dixon Ave., was also arrested after
the search and charged with three counts of carrying a firearm without a license
and one count of possession of a firearm and ammunition without a firearms
identification card.

Police said they searched the apartment at 10 Dixon Ave. Wednesday night and
found a .25-caliber handgun, a 9-mm handgun, a .22-caliber handgun, security
cameras and monitoring equipment, a bulletproof vest, two individually packaged
bags of marijuana, a box of ammunition, 10 small bags of marijuana, a scale,
packaging materials and a bag containing 5 Percocet pills.

Police said Mr. Croteau, Mr. Bottom, and Ms. Kanu were held on $40 cash bail and
released on personal recognizance early yesterday morning. Mr. Santiago was held
for arraignment, police said.

Region

Couple get prison for role in tax evasion

A Rhode Island husband and wife were sentenced this week to prison for their
role in a tax evasion scheme that involved New Hampshire income tax resisters
William S. Dion and Catherine Floyd, both formerly of Uxbridge.

U.S. District Judge Dennis F. Saylor in Boston sentenced Gail Thorick to seven
months in prison followed by 17 months of supervised release with seven months
of that time to be served in home confinement. Her husband, Myron Thorick,
received two years' probation, with the first year to be served in home
confinement. Judge Saylor also ordered the Thoricks to each pay $595,000 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service.

Earlier this month, Judge Saylor sentenced Kenneth S. Alcock of Westboro to 12
months and a day and ordered him to pay $201,000 in restitution. Mr. Alcock
pleaded guilty in January to tax evasion and conspiring to defraud the federal
government. He testified against his alleged co-conspirators in April, helping
to convict them of similar charges.

Mr. Alcock's brother Gary, also of Westboro, owned and operated G&K Trucking
Co., a trash hauling business, as well as Bark Mulch & Loam Co., a landscaping
business. Both companies were operated out of the same site in Shrewsbury.

Under the guidance of Mr. Dion and Ms. Floyd, the Alcocks set up a paper company
called Alex Management to divert and hide business receipts - to make Gary
Alcock's businesses fraudulently "disappear" on paper and evade the Internal
Revenue Service.

The brothers used Contract America, a business run by Mr. Dion, Ms. Floyd and
Charles Adams of Norwood, to pay Gary Alcock's employees under the table without
withholding or paying Social Security, Medicare or income taxes.

Judge Saylor sentenced Mr. Dion to 7 years in prison, Ms. Floyd to 5 years, and
Mr. Adams to 4 years.

Woburn

Young killer of teenager must get parole option

WOBURN - A Marlboro man convicted of fatally shooting a teenager in 2009 could
one day get out of prison because of his age at the time of the crime.

The MetroWest Daily News reports a judge Wednesday ruled that 20-year-old
Marquise Brown can be sentenced to life in prison, but must be given the
possibility of parole.

Mr. Brown was convicted in August of first-degree murder in the death of Tyriffe
Lewis at Callahan State Park in Framingham.

First-degree murder in Massachusetts carries a mandatory sentence of life
without parole. But the U.S. Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that those
who committed a crime when they are younger than 18 could not face mandatory
life sentences without the chance of parole. Mr. Brown was 17 when he killed Mr.
Lewis.

Sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 21.

From The Associated Press

Leominster

Decline less dramatic in values of property

LEOMINSTER - The city lost more than $100 million in property values last year,
but Walter Poirier, senior assessor for the city, sees good news in the grim
figures.

"This is one of the lowest drops in the last four to five years," Mr. Poirier
told the City Council Monday night during a tax classification hearing.

The city's property values have been dropping steadily since the figures for
2008 were recorded in 2009. In 2008, the national and local economies fell
apart, sending property values plunging. That year, city properties declined in
value by $62.9 million. The decline has accelerated since. Values dropped $370.4
million for 2009, $220.8 million for 2010, and $110.5 million for 2011. This
year, the reported loss was $106.4 million.

The first year of the decline, only residential and open space values dropped.
Since then, commercial and industrial values have also been dropping, with only
personal property values showing positive numbers.

There are two pieces of good news in the figures. The amounts and percentages of
decreases have slowed over the past four years, and the total assessed value of
all property in the city is still above what was recorded in 2004.

From 2000 through 2007 the city's property values increased considerably, and
the downturn has not turned the clock back on even half of that increase.

Monday night, with the economy still lagging, the council voted to continue a
single factor tax rate, which means all classifications of property will be
taxed the same.

The result is that, owing to the loss of value, the tax rate will go up $1.24
per thousand in valuation from last fiscal year. The new rate will be $17.96 per
thousand. Assessor Christopher Paquette said this means the tax bill for a
property valued at $210,000 would increase $131.

Brookfield

Engineer to give talk on Saw Mill Dam project

BROOKFIELD - In an effort to make Saw Mill Dam safe, selectmen will ask Lenard
Engineering of Auburn to host a public presentation at their Jan. 8 meeting.

The firm recently estimated construction costs for the Lake Street dam at
$223,640. The work includes excavation, construction of a temporary coffer dam,
temporary erosion and sedimentation control, removal and replacement of a slide
gate and removal of trees, stumps and debris.

"This (cost) will impact our budget significantly," Selectman Rudolf Heller said
at the board's meeting Tuesday.

Selectman Stephen J. Comtois, the board's chairman, said much of the work could
be done by the town Highway Department to save the town money.

The state Office of Dam Safety is concerned the dam, built in the late 1930s,
might not withstand a 100-year flood. The town must bring dam into compliance by
breech or removal by May.

In other business Tuesday, selectmen agreed to support an online service,
mytowngovernment.org, which Town Clerk Michael P. Seery pitched as a convenient
way to post meetings and minutes of town boards and committees online.

The state Open Meeting Law requires a public meeting to be prominently posted at
least 48 hours before the event. The town clerk posts meeting dates and times on
a Town Hall bulletin board. He said that eventually the online service could
replace the physical postings.

Mr. Seery noted the program is free and several area cities and towns are
already on board. He said he would serve as administrator of the program, and in
the future the automated service could transfer information directly to the
local-access cable channel.

Selectmen agreed to join the service for a two-month trial. During that time,
meetings will continue to be posted at Town Hall.

Selectmen also said Tuesday said they are in favor of the Veterans Tax Work-Off
Program, in which Massachusetts communities can offer veterans up to $1,000 per
year off their property taxes if they work for the town. The program is a
provision of the Valor Act, which was signed into state law in May.

While adoption of the program requires town meeting approval, selectmen said
they plan to support it for veterans of all wars.

Selectmen said 24 veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan would currently be eligible
for the program. The board said the number of participants and exact tax
savings, among other details, have yet to be worked out.

Barre

Grant will cover schoolhouse restoration

BARRE - The Massachusetts Historical Commission has awarded the No. 4
Schoolhouse a $55,000 emergency grant through the Massachusetts Preservation
Projects Fund.

The money will be used for exterior restoration of the Barre schoolhouse,
including the roof, building exterior, siding and windows. Additionally, $5,000
will be allocated to hire an architect to oversee the project.

The grant was announced by state Sen. Stephen M. Brewer D-Barre, and state Rep.
Anne M. Gobi D-Spencer.

The No. 4 Schoolhouse was built in 1883 by James H. Potter and is the single
remaining "one room schoolhouse" of the 17 original schoolhouses in the town.
The structure was used as a school until 1930, and in 1937 the school was deeded
by the town to former students and neighbors for a community center. It has
served as the venue for community picnics, seasonal parties and other community
activity.

The No. 4 Schoolhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in
1988.

Auburn

Collectible toys to be sold at bazaar

AUBURN - St. Joseph's Church will have its annual Christmas Bazaar from 9 a.m.
to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Parish Center, 68 Central St.

Holiday items, jewelry, knits, baked goods, candy, attic treasures, plants,
toys, and lots of raffle prizes (including gift certificates) will be featured.

In addition, collectibles including Boyds Bears, Annalee items, Snowbabies,
Norman Rockwell plates and a caroler from Byers Choice Ltd will be on sale.

The Parish Center has parking and is handicapped accessible.

Worcester

NAACP elects officers for two-year terms

WORCESTER - The NAACP Worcester Unit recently elected new officers for the
January 2013 to December 2014 term.

Patricia Yancey will serve as president, and Anthony Carter will be first vice
president. DeJongh Wells will serve as treasurer, and Laura Partridge and George
Yancy will be members at large.

Installation of new officers will be from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Dec. 10 at the YWCA
downtown during the unit's general/executive meeting.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Worcester Search turns up drugs, guns; four arrested WORCESTER - Police
found guns, drugs, and other items during a search of a Dixon Avenue apartment.
The search led to the arrest of Jeannette Kanu, 33, and Roberto Bottom, 36, both
of 10 Dixon Ave., and Joshua Croteau, 36, of 16 Goucher Ave. Ms. Kanu and Mr.
Bottom were charged with possession of Percocet pills with intent to distribute;
Mr. Croteau was charged with possession of Percocet pills.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

FROM THE REGION

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; FROM THE REGION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1714 words


Worcester

Search turns up drugs, guns; four arrested

WORCESTER - Police found guns, drugs, and other items during a search of a Dixon
Avenue apartment.

The search led to the arrest of Jeannette Kanu, 33, and Roberto Bottom, 36, both
of 10 Dixon Ave., and Joshua Croteau, 36, of 16 Goucher Ave. Ms. Kanu and Mr.
Bottom were charged with possession of Percocet pills with intent to distribute;
Mr. Croteau was charged with possession of Percocet pills.

A fourth person, David Santiago, 34, of 10 Dixon Ave., was also arrested after
the search and charged with three counts of carrying a firearm without a license
and one count of possession of a firearm and ammunition without a firearms
identification card.

Police said they searched the apartment at 10 Dixon Ave. Wednesday night and
found a .25-caliber handgun, a 9-mm handgun, a .22-caliber handgun, security
cameras and monitoring equipment, a bulletproof vest, two individually packaged
bags of marijuana, a box of ammunition, 10 small bags of marijuana, a scale,
packaging materials and a bag containing 5 Percocet pills.

Police said Mr. Croteau, Mr. Bottom, and Ms. Kanu were held on $40 cash bail and
released on personal recognizance early yesterday morning. Mr. Santiago was held
for arraignment, police said.

Region

Couple get prison for role in tax evasion

A Rhode Island husband and wife were sentenced this week to prison for their
role in a tax evasion scheme that involved New Hampshire income tax resisters
William S. Dion and Catherine Floyd, both formerly of Uxbridge.

U.S. District Judge Dennis F. Saylor in Boston sentenced Gail Thorick to seven
months in prison followed by 17 months of supervised release with seven months
of that time to be served in home confinement. Her husband, Myron Thorick,
received two years' probation, with the first year to be served in home
confinement. Judge Saylor also ordered the Thoricks to each pay $595,000 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service.

Earlier this month, Judge Saylor sentenced Kenneth S. Alcock of Westboro to 12
months and a day and ordered him to pay $201,000 in restitution. Mr. Alcock
pleaded guilty in January to tax evasion and conspiring to defraud the federal
government. He testified against his alleged co-conspirators in April, helping
to convict them of similar charges.

Mr. Alcock's brother Gary, also of Westboro, owned and operated G&K Trucking
Co., a trash hauling business, as well as Bark Mulch & Loam Co., a landscaping
business. Both companies were operated out of the same site in Shrewsbury.

Under the guidance of Mr. Dion and Ms. Floyd, the Alcocks set up a paper company
called Alex Management to divert and hide business receipts - to make Gary
Alcock's businesses fraudulently "disappear" on paper and evade the Internal
Revenue Service.

The brothers used Contract America, a business run by Mr. Dion, Ms. Floyd and
Charles Adams of Norwood, to pay Gary Alcock's employees under the table without
withholding or paying Social Security, Medicare or income taxes.

Judge Saylor sentenced Mr. Dion to 7 years in prison, Ms. Floyd to 5 years, and
Mr. Adams to 4 years.

Woburn

Young killer of teenager must get parole option

WOBURN - A Marlboro man convicted of fatally shooting a teenager in 2009 could
one day get out of prison because of his age at the time of the crime.

The MetroWest Daily News reports a judge Wednesday ruled that 20-year-old
Marquise Brown can be sentenced to life in prison, but must be given the
possibility of parole.

Mr. Brown was convicted in August of first-degree murder in the death of Tyriffe
Lewis at Callahan State Park in Framingham.

First-degree murder in Massachusetts carries a mandatory sentence of life
without parole. But the U.S. Supreme Court ruled earlier this year that those
who committed a crime when they are younger than 18 could not face mandatory
life sentences without the chance of parole. Mr. Brown was 17 when he killed Mr.
Lewis.

Sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 21.

From The Associated Press

Leominster

Decline less dramatic in values of property

LEOMINSTER - The city lost more than $100 million in property values last year,
but Walter Poirier, senior assessor for the city, sees good news in the grim
figures.

"This is one of the lowest drops in the last four to five years," Mr. Poirier
told the City Council Monday night during a tax classification hearing.

The city's property values have been dropping steadily since the figures for
2008 were recorded in 2009. In 2008, the national and local economies fell
apart, sending property values plunging. That year, city properties declined in
value by $62.9 million. The decline has accelerated since. Values dropped $370.4
million for 2009, $220.8 million for 2010, and $110.5 million for 2011. This
year, the reported loss was $106.4 million.

The first year of the decline, only residential and open space values dropped.
Since then, commercial and industrial values have also been dropping, with only
personal property values showing positive numbers.

There are two pieces of good news in the figures. The amounts and percentages of
decreases have slowed over the past four years, and the total assessed value of
all property in the city is still above what was recorded in 2004.

From 2000 through 2007 the city's property values increased considerably, and
the downturn has not turned the clock back on even half of that increase.

Monday night, with the economy still lagging, the council voted to continue a
single factor tax rate, which means all classifications of property will be
taxed the same.

The result is that, owing to the loss of value, the tax rate will go up $1.24
per thousand in valuation from last fiscal year. The new rate will be $17.96 per
thousand. Assessor Christopher Paquette said this means the tax bill for a
property valued at $210,000 would increase $131.

Brookfield

Engineer to give talk on Saw Mill Dam project

BROOKFIELD - In an effort to make Saw Mill Dam safe, selectmen will ask Lenard
Engineering of Auburn to host a public presentation at their Jan. 8 meeting.

The firm recently estimated construction costs for the Lake Street dam at
$223,640. The work includes excavation, construction of a temporary coffer dam,
temporary erosion and sedimentation control, removal and replacement of a slide
gate and removal of trees, stumps and debris.

"This (cost) will impact our budget significantly," Selectman Rudolf Heller said
at the board's meeting Tuesday.

Selectman Stephen J. Comtois, the board's chairman, said much of the work could
be done by the town Highway Department to save the town money.

The state Office of Dam Safety is concerned the dam, built in the late 1930s,
might not withstand a 100-year flood. The town must bring dam into compliance by
breech or removal by May.

In other business Tuesday, selectmen agreed to support an online service,
mytowngovernment.org, which Town Clerk Michael P. Seery pitched as a convenient
way to post meetings and minutes of town boards and committees online.

The state Open Meeting Law requires a public meeting to be prominently posted at
least 48 hours before the event. The town clerk posts meeting dates and times on
a Town Hall bulletin board. He said that eventually the online service could
replace the physical postings.

Mr. Seery noted the program is free and several area cities and towns are
already on board. He said he would serve as administrator of the program, and in
the future the automated service could transfer information directly to the
local-access cable channel.

Selectmen agreed to join the service for a two-month trial. During that time,
meetings will continue to be posted at Town Hall.

Selectmen also said Tuesday said they are in favor of the Veterans Tax Work-Off
Program, in which Massachusetts communities can offer veterans up to $1,000 per
year off their property taxes if they work for the town. The program is a
provision of the Valor Act, which was signed into state law in May.

While adoption of the program requires town meeting approval, selectmen said
they plan to support it for veterans of all wars.

Selectmen said 24 veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan would currently be eligible
for the program. The board said the number of participants and exact tax
savings, among other details, have yet to be worked out.

Barre

Grant will cover schoolhouse restoration

BARRE - The Massachusetts Historical Commission has awarded the No. 4
Schoolhouse a $55,000 emergency grant through the Massachusetts Preservation
Projects Fund.

The money will be used for exterior restoration of the Barre schoolhouse,
including the roof, building exterior, siding and windows. Additionally, $5,000
will be allocated to hire an architect to oversee the project.

The grant was announced by state Sen. Stephen M. Brewer D-Barre, and state Rep.
Anne M. Gobi D-Spencer.

The No. 4 Schoolhouse was built in 1883 by James H. Potter and is the single
remaining "one room schoolhouse" of the 17 original schoolhouses in the town.
The structure was used as a school until 1930, and in 1937 the school was deeded
by the town to former students and neighbors for a community center. It has
served as the venue for community picnics, seasonal parties and other community
activity.

The No. 4 Schoolhouse was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in
1988.

Auburn

Collectible toys to be sold at bazaar

AUBURN - St. Joseph's Church will have its annual Christmas Bazaar from 9 a.m.
to 2 p.m. Saturday at the Parish Center, 68 Central St.

Holiday items, jewelry, knits, baked goods, candy, attic treasures, plants,
toys, and lots of raffle prizes (including gift certificates) will be featured.

In addition, collectibles including Boyds Bears, Annalee items, Snowbabies,
Norman Rockwell plates and a caroler from Byers Choice Ltd will be on sale.

The Parish Center has parking and is handicapped accessible.

Worcester

NAACP elects officers for two-year terms

WORCESTER - The NAACP Worcester Unit recently elected new officers for the
January 2013 to December 2014 term.

Patricia Yancey will serve as president, and Anthony Carter will be first vice
president. DeJongh Wells will serve as treasurer, and Laura Partridge and George
Yancy will be members at large.

Installation of new officers will be from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Dec. 10 at the YWCA
downtown during the unit's general/executive meeting.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday

Lohan's dad is arrested

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 675 words


Authorities in Los Angeles say Lindsay Lohan's father has been arrested over
allegations he held his girlfriend against her will and prevented her from
calling 911.

Sheriff's investigators say deputies were dispatched on a domestic violence call
at 9 p.m. Monday to Michael Lohan's apartment.

The 51-year-old was booked for investigation of preventing a report of
victimization, false imprisonment and infliction of corporal injury on a
cohabitant - all felonies. Bail is set at $200,000.

Authorities say the girlfriend refused treatment for minor injuries, but Michael
Lohan was taken to a hospital after booking for a medical condition unrelated to
the arrest.

He has a history of arrests in New York over allegations of harassment from
ex-girlfriends. The Mean Girls actress reportedly is estranged from her father.

Associated Press

Rapper Ja Rule faces

tax evasion charges

Rapper and actor Ja Rule has pleaded guilty to tax evasion in New Jersey.

The platinum-selling rapper admitted Tuesday that he failed to pay taxes on more
than $3 million in income earned between 2004 and 2006.

As part of a plea agreement, the government has dismissed two counts against him
for unpaid taxes on income earned in 2007 and 2008.

The 35-year-old Rule is expected to be sentenced on the tax-evasion charges in
June. He also faces sentencing that month in New York on an attempted weapon
possession charge that he pleaded guilty to in December. He has agreed to a
two-year prison term in that case.

Rule was nominated for a 2002 best rap album Grammy Award for "Pain is Love."

Associated Press

McMichael Collection appoints new CEO

The McMichael Collection of Canadian Art announced that Victoria Dickenson will
be its new Director and CEO, effective April 18. Dickenson, the former Chief
Knowledge Officer at the Canadian Museum for Human Rights in Winnipeg, succeeds
Thomas Smart, whose abrupt departure in July shocked the local art world. Smart,
54, was believed to be leading a renaissance of the beleaguered museum when he
announced his sudden departure. In a statement, Dickenson said she hoped to
create a "bold new vision for the gallery" that "not only speaks to Canadians
... but the world." Dickenson will also be president of the McMichael Canadian
Art Foundation.

Murray Whyte

Jersey Shore actor

tries for pretrial deal

A lawyer for Jersey Shore cast member Ronnie Ortiz-Magro has told a judge his
client will apply to a pretrial intervention program in an assault case.

Pretrial intervention allows a defendant to avoid a criminal record if he stays
out of trouble.

The 25-year-old reality TV show star from New York City was charged after a
September 2009 fight in which he knocked another man unconscious outside a
Seaside Heights, N.J., nightclub. The fight was shown during the MTV show's
first season.

Assistant Ocean County prosecutor Hillary Bryce said Monday the application
frees Ortiz-Magro to travel to Italy next month for taping of the show's next
season. Ortiz-Magro must appear in state Superior Court in June to learn if he's
been accepted into the program.

Associated Press

Pioneer bluesman Pinetop Perkins dies

Pinetop Perkins, one of the last old-school bluesmen who played with MuddyWaters
and became the oldest Grammy winner this year, has passed away quietly at his
home of cardiac arrest. He was 97.

The piano man sang with a distinctive gravelly voice. He accompanied Sonny Boy
Williamson on the popular King Biscuit Time radio show broadcast on KFFA in the
1940s. He toured with IkeTurner in the 1950s and joined Waters' band in 1969.

Perkins won a Grammy in February for best traditional blues album for "Joined at
the Hip: Pinetop Perkins Willie 'Big Eyes' Smith." That win made Perkins the
oldest Grammy winner, edging out late comedian George Burns, who was 95 when he
won in the spoken category for "Gracie: A Love Story" in 1990.

Perkins also won a 2007 Grammy for best traditional blues album for his
collaboration on the "Last of the Great Mississippi Delta Bluesmen: Live in
Dallas" and a lifetime achievement Grammy in 2005.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Lohan at a recent Golden Globes party.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday

The Journal Record Legal Briefs: April 30, 2014

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 524  words


Playhouse Parade to benefit CASA OKLAHOMA CITY - Children's playhouses and a
storm shelter will be raffled off at the fifth annual Playhouse Parade
benefiting Court Appointed Special Advocates Oklahoma County. The playhouses
will be displayed at Penn Square Mall from May 30 to June 8. Court Appointed
Special Advocates give the court a neutral opinion as to what would be in the
best interests of deprived children. "With more than 3,000 children involved in
the system in Oklahoma County, more child advocates are needed to assure that
these children do not fall through the cracks," said Alex Corbitt, CASA
volunteer recruiter. Corbyn Roberts Homes, Bockus-Payne and Associates, Allford,
Hall, Monaghan & Morris Architects and the University of Oklahoma School of
Architecture have constructed and donated children's playhouses. For
convenience, the playhouses are built in sections so that they can be
disassembled and reassembled. Smart Shelters is donating a storm shelter, which
includes free delivery and installation. All of the items can be won by
purchasing raffle tickets. The presenting sponsor for Playhouse Parade is
SandRidge Energy. All Star Moving has agreed to move the playhouses into the
mall and then deliver them to the winners. Delivery is free up to 30 miles.
Tickets cost $10 each or three for $25. For information, visit
www.okcountycasa.org.

AG awards Safe Oklahoma Grants OKLAHOMA CITY - Attorney General Scott Pruitt
awarded more than $900,000 in the second round of grant awards to Oklahoma law
enforcement agencies. The recipients of the 2014 Attorney General's Safe
Oklahoma Grants are the Ardmore Police Department, Durant Police Department,
Lawton Police Department, Midwest City Police Department, Oklahoma City Police
Department, Ponca City Police Department, Rogers County Sheriff's Office,
Shawnee Police Department, and the Tulsa Police Department. The grant funds
target crime hot spots and increase the number and frequency of patrols in those
areas. The remainder of the 2014 funds will become available on July 1.

Tulsa man sentenced for tax evasion TULSA - A former controller of a trucking
dealership was sentenced to serve 60 months for more than $1.5 million in bank
fraud and tax evasion, according to Danny C. Williams Sr., U.S. attorney for the
Northern District of Oklahoma. The 60-month sentence is the maximum prison term
for the tax evasion charge. James Lamar Gresham, 52, of Tulsa, was sentenced to
serve 60 months in federal prison by U.S. District Judge James H. Payne for one
count each of bank fraud and tax evasion. Gresham worked as a controller for
Frontier International Trucks. According to court documents, Gresham would forge
company checks made payable in his name and then deposit the checks into a
personal bank account. Gresham forged more than 548 company checks and obtained
$1.5 million from the company's bank accounts. Gresham failed to report the
additional income to the Internal Revenue Service. He evaded paying $511,627 in
taxes.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 30, 2006 Monday

Letters | Two cases, two standards of justice

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA EDITORIAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 702 words


As a citizen of the Philadelphia area, and as friend to a woman who was the
victim of sexual assault several years ago, I am writing concerning the story of
Tracy McIntosh, which has greatly upset her ("Ex-professor in sex case can go to
Italy," Jan. 21).

Where will McIntosh be working starting in September? The story references a
"major medical institution" in New Jersey. Does that institution have safeguards
in place to protect any students or colleagues of McIntosh, given that this was
not an isolated incident but part of a pattern of predatory behavior toward
students?

Regarding the judge in the case, Common Pleas Court Judge Rayford Means, when
will he come up for reelection? We elect judges in Pennsylvania, and we can
replace them when their decisions are obviously flawed and at odds with our
values - such as not sending rapists to prison for their crimes but instead to
Italy.

For myself, I have to wonder why the judge would care how McIntosh might survive
financially, seeing that McIntosh is a criminal.

A tax evasion case also on the front page of the Jan. 21 edition merited a year
in jail ("Pioneering restaurateur gets jail for tax evasion"). Apparently, not
paying taxes is a worse crime than rape.

I wonder how Neil Stein will survive while in jail? Perhaps the federal courts
have a better sense of justice than our state courts.

Bill Nazzaro

Newtown, Bucks County

Odd juxtaposition

The juxtaposition of the Neil Stein and Tracy McIntosh stories on page one of
the Jan. 21 Inquirer was fascinating. Let me recap: Both men acknowledge guilt
of a crime: Stein of tax evasion; McIntosh of sexual assault. Both men have
contributed to the societal good: Stein for the "civic revival of Philadelphia";
McIntosh for his work on head trauma and brain damage.

Stein is sentenced to a year in prison ("Pioneering restaurateur gets jail for
tax evasion"); McIntosh gets one to two years of house arrest with the added
bonus of a six-month research trip to Italy ("Ex-professor in sex case can go to
Italy").

What's wrong with this picture? You decide.

Susan Henick

Wyndmoor

Justify the sentence

I'd like to congratulate Common Pleas Court Judge Rayford Means for setting a
new precedent: giving a painless slap on the wrist to rapists with successful
careers and important "contributions" made to the community ("Ex-professor in
sex case can go to Italy," Jan. 21).

I was incredibly upset, both as a woman and as a member of the Philadelphia
community. How can we tell our daughters, sisters, mothers or friends to come
forward and report what has been done to them if their rapists are not brought
to justice, or worse, given such leeway in their sentences?

The laws for the crime of rape in the state of Pennsylvania are very clear, and
nowhere do they provide leniency for individuals with certain careers or career
achievements. Sexual assault requires jail time, according to those laws. I'd
like to hear Judge Means explain how his decision benefits the community he was
elected to serve.

Marta Rusek

Havertown

MartaRusek@aol.com

Cut museum's prices

It is with great concern that I read about the possible awarding of a federal
grant of up to $10 million to the Franklin Institute and the anticipation of
raising matching funds to refurbish the Franklin statue and hall ("Franklin
Memorial renewal advances," Jan. 14).

Recognizing Benjamin Franklin, founder of the Library Company of Philadelphia,
forerunner of the Free Library system that fosters open access to books and
learning for all, in this way is ironic. As a man of ideas, words, inventions
and works, should we not honor his legacy by facilitating the use of this museum
by all? Current admission fees ($24.75 for adults and $16.75 for children for
daytime admission to the "Body Worlds" exhibit) rule out attendance by families
of modest and low incomes, thereby making a museum visit an elitist event.

Research has shown the value of museums in the educational experience. Allowing
all of our children the excitement of learning by using their own creative
energies as they engage with the ideas and inventions of great scientists would
be a more thoughtful, dynamic use of these funds.

Carolyn Minor BeaufortRetired museum education teacherHavertown

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 1, 1999, Saturday

THE STATE; EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE INDIANS; Tribe's ex-chief pleads guilty to
tax evasion

BYLINE: Compiled from staff and wire service reports

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 307 words


ASHEVILLE - The former principal chief of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians
pleaded guilty Friday to federal tax evasion after an indictment last fall
accused him of accepting bribes while leading the 11,000-member tribe.

Jonathan Taylor, 58, pleaded guilty to one one count of income tax evasion
before U.S. Magistrate Max Cogburn in Asheville.

Mr. Taylor, principal chief for two terms before losing in 1995 to current chief
Joyce Dugan, accepted a plea agreement whereby the government dismissed two tax
evasion counts. Two other bribery charges also will be dismissed because a U.S.
Supreme Court ruling this week makes it harder to convict someone of giving an
illegal gratuity to a federal official.

As part of the plea agreement, Mr. Taylor admitted that he stated on his and his
wife's 1994 joint tax return that they made $ 71,930, when he knew he had made
more than $ 182,000.

"He's pled guilty and acknowledged that he's violated the law, and from our
standpoint that ends it," Mark Calloway, the U.S. attorney for the Western
District of North Carolina, said after the hearing.

An indictment last October accused Mr. Taylor of soliciting and accepting bribes
while chief in excess of $ 10,000 from the former manager of the tribal bingo
hall

Mr. Calloway said the Supreme Court ruled Tuesday in a corruption investigation
of Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy that it is a crime for a federal official to
accept a gift only if prosecutors prove the action is linked to an official act.

"The indictment did not say that," he said of the Mr. Taylor case, "and we have
no evidence of the money being given for a specific act ... so therefore the
charges have to be dismissed."

Mr. Taylor will be sentenced in about four months. He could be sent to prison
for up to five years and fined up to$ 100,000.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  APRIL 3, 1997 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BUSINESSMAN CHARGED WITH TAX EVASION IRS ALLEGES HIDING OF NEARLY $2 MILLION
OVER FIVE YEARS BY S.J. COMPANY OWNER

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 398 words


The owner of a large San Jose medical supply company was indicted Wednesday on
charges of personal and corporate tax evasion, accused of concealing nearly $2
million in income from the Internal Revenue Service.

In a 20-count indictment handed up by a federal grand jury, Dennis Collins, 54,
is charged with skimming corporate profits from his company, San Jose Surgical
Supply Inc., which has branches in Fresno, Sacramento, Bakersfield and Southern
California. The indictment alleges that Collins failed to report at least $1.7
million in personal and corporate income from 1991 to 1995.

"This is a very substantial white-collar case," said Robert Gorini, a supervisor
in the San Jose IRS office.

Collins is scheduled to be arraigned this morning before U.S. Magistrate Judge
Patricia Trumbull. Collins referred questions to his lawyer, Allen Ruby, who
declined comment.

A Monte Sereno resident, Collins is president of a company that grossed between
$25 million and $30 million in the period covered by the indictment. For a brief
time, he was a partner in the Bay 101 card club before dropping out of the
venture.

Based on allegations in the indictment, Collins was making plenty of money
during the time he allegedly was trying to avoid paying taxes. Even
underreporting his income, Collins was earning more than $600,000 in some years,
according to the indictment.

Federal prosecutors allege that Collins used a variety of methods to skim money
from San Jose Surgical, including instructing customers to write checks to him
instead of the corporation. The indictment accuses Collins of destroying sales
invoices to avoid detection.

According to the indictment, corporate tax evasion ranged from $115,000 in
fiscal 1995 to nearly $224,000 in 1991. The indictment alleges that personal
income tax evasion by Collins reached as high as $202,000 in 1993.

Under federal sentencing guidelines, Collins could face a substantial prison
term if convicted. Assistant U.S. Attorney Amber Rosen said that based on the
amounts involved, Collins could receive a sentence of 33 to 87 months.

The indictment is the second tax fraud case connected to San Jose Surgical. Last
month, Thaddeus Dybas pleaded guilty to filing a false tax return in connection
with allegations that he failed to report $121,000 paid to him by San Jose
Surgical.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 10, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Briefly ...

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 98 words


The Prince of Palimony, lawyer Marvin Mitchelson, was convicted Tuesday on four
counts of tax evasion. Immediately after the decision was handed down in Los
Angeles, Mitchelson _ who filed for bankruptcy protection Monday _ was taken
into custody. Maximum penalty: twelve years in jail and $ 1 million in fines. .
. . Friday, the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame will honor Cybill Shepherd as
Tennessean of the Year. No field goals needed to win. It goes to "persons with
Tennessee ties who have brought national recognition to themselves as well as to
the State of Tennessee."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: People

BEHIND THE SCENES WITH THE FAMOUS AND THE FASCINATING

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 12, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Rex Reed Enters Plea Of Guilty to Trying To Evade State Tax

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, April 11


The movie critic Rex Reed pleaded guilty today to charges of attempted state-tax
evasion in a dispute he attributed to faulty advice from his former accountant.

Appearing in City Police Court, Mr. Reed, 49 years old, entered a guilty plea on
two misdemeanor counts of attempted tax evasion for failing to file state
returns in 1984 and 1985.

He was fined $2,000 and must pay $50 in court costs.

Mr. Reed has already paid about $20,000 in delinquent taxes, penalties and
interest to the state's Department of Taxation and Finance.

Missing Oscars Ceremony

''It's ironic that this would happen on Academy Awards day,'' he said outside
the court, adding that he would miss the ceremony because he could not arrange
for a flight from Albany to Los Angeles.

The tax department found that The New York Post paid Mr. Reed as an independent
contractor for 1984 and 1985, ''therefore he was earning income from a New York
state employer, but had not filed the New York state returns,'' said Nancy
Connell, a spokeswoman for the Attorney General's office.

Mr. Reed said he could have avoided the $2,000 fine if he were to prove that he
was a Connecticut resident during 1984 and 1985, but he did not want to face the
prolonged legal battle. Mr. Reed said it was easier for him to ''give them their
pound of flesh for 2,000 bucks.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Minnesota: Obama Pardons Famous Hotelier And Baseball Star

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Red Lake: Red Lake County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:


 In a flood of clemency orders before he leaves office, President Obama commuted
the sentences of 209 people and pardoned 64 others on Tuesday. The vast majority
of offenders had been convicted of drug-related crimes. Two were involved in
cases about leaks of government material. And two were cultural stars of past
decades who had run afoul of the IRS.











     Ian Schrager in front of his new, luxurious Hotel Delano in Miami Beach,
Florida on Sept. 13, 1995. Schrager, who was convicted of tax evasion in 1979,
was pardoned by President Obama.


  Rick Bowman/ASSOCIATED PRESS
 Ian Schrager, the co-founder of the famous nightclubs Studio 54 and the
Palladium, who then created boutique hotels, spent a year in prison between 1980
and 1981 and paid a $20,000 fine for tax evasion. His business partner, Steve
Rubell, had drawn the attention of federal authorities by bragging that Studio
54 made money second only to the Mafia. The two came out of prison and
eventually re-created the hotel industry by making accommodations luxurious and
hip. Rubell passed away in 1989. Schrager, whose name is often associated with
New York's gliteratti has said of his jail time, "I made certain mistakes and I
paid for them."









     Willie McCovey of the San Francisco Giants pictured in April 1966 near the
height of his 21 year career. He pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 1995 and was
pardoned by President Obama.


  AP
 Willie L. McCovey had his troubles with the tax man too. He was once one of
Major League Baseball's most feared sluggers as a teammate with Willie Mays on
the San Francisco Giants in the 1960s and 1970s. Nicknamed "Stretch" for his
ability to dig out errant throws to first base, McCovey had a .270 career
batting average, clobbered 521 homeruns and 1,555 runs batted in. He was
inducted into baseball's Hall of Fame in 1986, his first year of eligibility.
The water just outside of the Giants ballpark, McCovey Cove, is named for him.
Most fans probably overlooked his guilty plea in 1995 after he was accused of
not reporting all of the cash income he made from signing autographs at sports
memorabilia shows. McCovey was sentenced to two years probation and a $5,000
fine.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Minnesota: Obama Pardons Famous Hotelier And Baseball Star

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Red Lake: Red Lake County of Minnesota has issued the following news release:


 In a flood of clemency orders before he leaves office, President Obama commuted
the sentences of 209 people and pardoned 64 others on Tuesday. The vast majority
of offenders had been convicted of drug-related crimes. Two were involved in
cases about leaks of government material. And two were cultural stars of past
decades who had run afoul of the IRS.











     Ian Schrager in front of his new, luxurious Hotel Delano in Miami Beach,
Florida on Sept. 13, 1995. Schrager, who was convicted of tax evasion in 1979,
was pardoned by President Obama.


  Rick Bowman/ASSOCIATED PRESS
 Ian Schrager, the co-founder of the famous nightclubs Studio 54 and the
Palladium, who then created boutique hotels, spent a year in prison between 1980
and 1981 and paid a $20,000 fine for tax evasion. His business partner, Steve
Rubell, had drawn the attention of federal authorities by bragging that Studio
54 made money second only to the Mafia. The two came out of prison and
eventually re-created the hotel industry by making accommodations luxurious and
hip. Rubell passed away in 1989. Schrager, whose name is often associated with
New York's gliteratti has said of his jail time, "I made certain mistakes and I
paid for them."









     Willie McCovey of the San Francisco Giants pictured in April 1966 near the
height of his 21 year career. He pleaded guilty to tax evasion in 1995 and was
pardoned by President Obama.


  AP
 Willie L. McCovey had his troubles with the tax man too. He was once one of
Major League Baseball's most feared sluggers as a teammate with Willie Mays on
the San Francisco Giants in the 1960s and 1970s. Nicknamed "Stretch" for his
ability to dig out errant throws to first base, McCovey had a .270 career
batting average, clobbered 521 homeruns and 1,555 runs batted in. He was
inducted into baseball's Hall of Fame in 1986, his first year of eligibility.
The water just outside of the Giants ballpark, McCovey Cove, is named for him.
Most fans probably overlooked his guilty plea in 1995 after he was accused of
not reporting all of the cash income he made from signing autographs at sports
memorabilia shows. McCovey was sentenced to two years probation and a $5,000
fine.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            April 18, 2009, Saturday

TWO-MINUTE Drill

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 385 words


Quote

"It was very low but I like low pitches. Well, not only low. I like everything.
High. Inside. Away. Just throw something close to home plate and I'll hit it.''

Alfonso Soriano

Free-swinging Cubs outfielder after his two-run home run in the eighth-inning
gave Chicago the lead in an 8-7 win over St. Louis Friday afternoon

Names in the games

Indy driver Castroneves acquitted in tax case

A federal jury Friday acquitted 33-year-old Indy car driver Helio Castroneves on
six counts of tax evasion but was hung on one count of conspiracy.

The jury also acquitted his 35-year-old sister Katiucia Castroneves, who is also
is business manager, on the tax evasion counts but also was unable to reach a
verdict on the conspiracy charge. The jury deliberated six days after a six-week
trial.

Castroneves is a two-time Indianapolis 500 winner and one of the Indy racing
circuit's most popular drivers.

Ainge could be out of hospital by Sunday

Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge won't be at the team's playoff opener
after his minor heart attack.

Team spokesman Jeff Twiss said Friday that Ainge is resting comfortably and
could be released from Massachusetts General Hospital by Sunday. Boston plays
the Chicago Bulls today and then again Monday before going on the road for Game
3 next Thursday.

A spokeswoman for Massachusetts General Hospital referred comment to the team.

Ainge was hospitalized Thursday morning after missing Wednesday night's
regular-season finale because he wasn't feeling well.

Wizards beat Clippers for better lottery shot

The Washington Wizards have won a tiebreaker with the Los Angeles Clippers,
giving them a slightly better chance of landing the No. 1 pick in the NBA draft.

Washington has an 17.8 percent chance of winning the draft lottery May 19. Los
Angeles is at 17.7 percent. The teams tied for the league's second-worst record
at 19-63. Sacramento was an NBA-worst 17-65 and has a 25 percent chance.

Also, Minnesota won a tiebreaker with Memphis and would have the fifth pick if
neither moves up in the lottery. Milwaukee beat out New Jersey for the 10th-best
lottery chance. Chicago edged Philadelphia for the 16th pick.

A three-way tie ended with Portland picking 24th, followed by San Antonio and
Denver.

Today's birthday

Miguel Cabrera, 1983

Detroit Tigers third baseman

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Former theater owner pleads guilty to sales-tax evasion, fraud

BYLINE: By Doug T. Graham dgraham@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 199 words


The one-time owner of the Hollywood Blvd. movie theater in Woodridge at the
Hollywood Palms cinema in Naperville pleaded guilty Wednesday to sales-tax
evasion and financial institution fraud and must make up to $6 million in
restitution.

The Illinois Department of Revenue began investigating Edwin C. "Ted" Bulthaup
III, 59, of Woodridge in February 2014.

Eileen Boyce, spokeswoman for Attorney General Lisa Madigan, said Bulthaup, who
currently is free on bond, will be sentenced Aug. 24.

Bulthaup could receive a prison term of three to seven years for financial
institution fraud and four to 15 years for sales-tax evasion.

His restitution amount could be as much as about $1.3 million for tax evasion
and up to about $4.7 million on the bank fraud charge, Boyce said.

Bulthaup initially was charged with 104 counts of wire fraud by prosecutors, but
those charges were not part of the plea deal.

Bulthaup sold Hollywood Blvd., located at 1001 E. 75th St. in Woodridge, in
February 2014 to Hobson Financial Group of Illinois.

Hollywood Palms, 352 S. Route 59 in Naperville, opened in 2009 as a cinema, bar
and restaurant.

Hollywood Palms was sold to Houston, Texas-based Star Cinema Grill in April
2015.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com
 Ted Bulthaup, owner of the Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Blvd. cinemas in
Naperville and Woodridge, says the trappings of his uniquely decorated theaters
"aren't decorations on the wall -- it's advertising." Mark Black/
mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2012 Ted Bulthaup, former owner of the Hollywood
Palms and Hollywood Blvd. movie theaters, could spend up to the next 15 years in
prison. Mark Black/ mblack@dailyherald.com, January 2012 Ted Bulthaup, former
owner of the Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Blvd. movie theaters, could spend up
to the next 15 years in prison.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Ex-commissioner's tax case sent to Tulsa

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 211 words


A judge Tuesday moved Carroll Fisher's tax-evasion trial from Oklahoma City to
Tulsa.

The former state insurance commissioner is charged with filing a false state tax
return.

Oklahoma County District Judge Kenneth Watson agreed that under a unique state
law, Fisher must be tried in Tulsa because Fisher signed the 1999 tax return
there.

"It's as clear as clear can be," Fisher's attorney, Dan Hagood, said of the law.

The tax-evasion trial had been set to begin June 11 in Oklahoma County District
Court.

A Tulsa County judge now takes over the tax case and the trial likely will be
delayed.

Fisher, a Democrat, was insurance commissioner nearly six years before resigning
in September 2004.

Legal troubles

Tax evasion case

Fisher, 67, is accused of not reporting all his 1999 income on his tax return so
he could evade paying all his taxes. Fisher allegedly should have paid $4,688
more in state taxes and $38,296 more in federal taxes.

Other matters

Fisher was convicted last year of embezzling $1,000 from his state campaign and
of lying on a 2003 campaign report. He was sentenced to three years in prison
and fined $20,000. He is under house arrest at his Tulsa home while he appeals.

There are three other felony cases pending against Fisher in Oklahoma County.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 7, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

CRIME & JUSTICE

SECTION: Metro; B02

LENGTH: 462 words


MARYLAND

Tax Evasion An Annapolis couple pleaded guilty in federal court in Maryland
yesterday to tax evasion charges related to their plumbing business, officials
said.

Henry M. Eberly and Dolores C. Eberly, both 76, acknowledged that they evaded
personal income taxes for the 1997, 1998 and 1999 tax years. The couple failed
to report more than $464,000 in income for those years and therefore failed to
pay about $138,000 in taxes, according to a statement attached to their plea
agreement.

The Eberlys face a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $100,000 fine.
They are to be sentenced Feb. 15.

THE DISTRICT

Strangulation Charge A D.C. woman has been arrested and charged with
second-degree murder in the strangulation of a 68-year-old man two years ago in
Northeast Washington, D.C. police said.

Police arrested Delene Bush, 40, on Friday in the killing of Herman Valentine,
who was found dead in his house in the 4200 block of Hayes Street NE on Sept.
12, 2003, police said.

Bush and Valentine lived in the same home, police said, and the victim was found
in Bush's bedroom. Bush told investigators that she did not kill Valentine but
admitted to grabbing his neck and possibly having an epileptic seizure when she
squeezed him, police wrote in papers charging her in the killing.

Bystander Shot A bystander was shot and wounded in his right foot during an
attempted robbery of a Brinks armored truck in Northwest Washington yesterday
morning, D.C. police said.

Police said an unknown man approached the driver as he was getting out of the
truck about 9 a.m. in the 5000 block of New Hampshire Avenue NW, police said.
The assailant opened fire, wounding the bystander, identified as a 29-year-old
man, police said. The man was taken to a hospital, where he was treated for the
wound, police said.

The driver of the armored truck jumped back into the vehicle and was not hurt,
police said.

VIRGINIA

Guilty Pleas Two former Fairfax County Circuit Court employees pleaded guilty
yesterday to misdemeanor charges of petty larceny for stealing money while
working at the Fairfax courthouse, and both were fined $200, authorities said.

Helen Sokos, 25, of Triangle, Va., and Kristie Andrews, 28, of Woodbridge, who
worked at the public service desk on the third floor of the courthouse, were
arrested Aug. 12 and charged with felony grand larceny for allegedly being
handed a "lost" purse that contained $250 and not turning it in. A cooperating
witness actually turned over the purse, according to sources familiar with the
investigation.

Prosecutors reduced the charge to a misdemeanor in exchange for guilty pleas.
Both were sentenced to 360 days in jail, all suspended. Both women declined to
comment.

Compiled from reports by staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     September 23, 2005 Friday MO1 EDITION

Putting a stop to sales-tax evasion;
OUTDATED LAW GIVES AN UNFAIR ADVANTAGE TO ONLINE RETAILERS

SECTION: A; Pg. OP1

LENGTH: 569 words


Online shopping has so revolutionized the world of retailing that it's hard to
remember the days when we couldn't browse, compare products and prices, and buy
just about anything with a few clicks of the mouse.

It's too bad that online shopping also created what may be the most widespread
form of tax evasion in America.

It doesn't have to be that way. In fact, Congress is able to put an end to the
tax evasion -- and it should.

Consider current law. When you make an online purchase from a business that has
no physical presence in California, the state cannot force that business to
collect and send in the sales tax. The U.S. Supreme Court said so. (More on that
later).

That doesn't mean those purchases from Amazon.com, Dell.com or other online and
catalog merchants are tax-free. The buyer is supposed to calculate what the
sales tax would have been and, at the end of the year, pay the sales tax. It's
the law. But it's virtually impossible for states to police it, so hardly anyone
pays the tax.

This creates a nice price break for online shoppers. But there are victims to
this tax evasion. They include cities and states whose budgets are already
strained. They lost an estimated $15 billion in uncollected sales taxes in 2004,
and that means fewer police officers and firefighters, and fewer potholes
getting fixed.

Other victims include shops on Main Street and at the local mall, which by
virtue of being forced to collect the sales tax are at a price disadvantage to
their online rivals. Consider the recent closure of Kepler's, Menlo Park's
storied bookseller: It's clear that the 8.25 percent price premium that shoppers
had to pay when buying books there instead of online didn't help it stay
competitive.

So why did the Supreme Court tie the hands of the states more than a decade ago?
Because there are more than 7,000 sales-tax jurisdictions around the country
that not only tax at different rates, but also have different notions of what is
taxable or tax-exempt. The court said it was too much of a burden, and hence a
violation of the Constitution's commerce clause, for a retailer in, say,
Pittsburgh, Pa., to have to figure out what tax to charge a customer in
Pittsburg, Calif.

The court's arguments were thin in 1992, when it ruled on the sales-tax issue.
Now they're thoroughly outdated. The Internet makes obsolete the notion of a
physical presence. Any e-commerce site has a virtual presence in all states.
What's more, a computer program can easily calculate the exact sales tax for any
item and any address in the country.

Still, current law says it's too burdensome for Amazon to figure out what sales
tax to charge consumers in San Jose. Yet Amazon is perfectly capable to
calculate and collect the sales tax for shoppers at Target.com and Toysrus.com,
whose Web sites it operates.

The burden is about to get even less burdensome. Starting Oct. 1, 13 states --
and five more to follow, though not California -- have agreed to a common set of
definitions that provides uniformity to their tax systems. They are offering
retailers a free computer program that can calculate the sales tax for those
states and encouraging retailers to voluntarily begin collecting the sales tax.

But few are likely to volunteer. It's going to take an act of Congress to bring
the sales tax into the digital age and level the playing field between online
and offline shops.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       January 18, 2016 Monday 00:00 EST

Shine a Light on Secret Real Estate Deals;
Editorial

BYLINE: THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 632 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Treasury Department's crackdown on shell companies is one step in
addressing a big hole in financial regulations.


The Treasury Department announced last week that it would start demanding the
identities of the people behind the shell companies that rich foreigners use to
buy real estate in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County. This is a good step that
should help law enforcement agencies crack down on money laundering, tax evasion
and other crimes. But the program should be broadened to cover the whole
country, and it must be forcefully carried out.

In recent years, oligarchs, corrupt politicians, business executives and
suspected criminals have stashed billions of dollars of wealth in the United
States by buying condominiums, mansions and other costly assets. As documented
by The Times last year, these purchases are generally made through limited
liability corporations that are not required to disclose their owners or
beneficiaries. The secrecy is so complete that even law enforcement officials
say they are often unable to identify the true owners.

The crux of the problem is that states - especially Delaware, Nevada and Wyoming
- have made it easy for people to set up shell companies without providing any
personal information. While limited liability corporations have many legitimate
purposes, there is no justification for allowing owners to shield their
identities even from law enforcement and regulators. These states appear to be
mainly motivated by a desire to earn corporation filing fees, legal costs and
related revenue.

Unfortunately, efforts by lawmakers like Senator Charles Grassley, Republican of
Iowa, and Representative Carolyn Maloney, Democrat of New York, to require
greater disclosure have been thwarted by lobbying from the financial and real
estate industries and state governments. That makes it even more important that
the Treasury Department take stronger action than it has so far.

The department currently requires mortgage lenders to know the identities of the
true owners of shell companies in transactions that involve loans. Lenders also
have to report suspicious activity to the department. Under the new policy, the
department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Networkwill require real estate title
companies to report to it the true owners of limited liability companies that
buy properties without loans. However, the order applies only to Manhattan and
Miami-Dade County, and will be effective for only 180 days, starting in March.

At the end of that period, after studying trends and activities, the agency will
decide whether to extend and broaden the program. It is absurd that regulators
would not require such basic transparency as a matter of course. The current
system practically condones money laundering and tax evasion. It lays out the
welcome mat for foreigners hiding assets from their governments, making the
United States one of the world's biggest tax havens.

For the same reasons, the Treasury Department should adopt pending regulations
that would require banks, brokerages and other financial firms to know who owns
the limited liability companies whose accounts they manage. The rule ought to
apply to existing and new accounts. Washington should also share the data it
collects with other governments to help them identify tax evasion and other
crimes. The United States already requires banks in other countries to report
money Americans hold abroad. It is only fair that this country reciprocate.

Supporters of the current system may argue that requiring more transparency
would burden financial institutions without ending money laundering and tax
evasion. While determined criminals will find ways to thwart the law, that
doesn't justify doing nothing about this hole in financial regulations.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for theOpinion Today newsletter.

DRAWING (DRAWING BY RYAN PELTIER)

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

BRIEFCASE

BYLINE: From wire reports<br>

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 512 words


GRUMPY CAT NEW FACE OF FRISKIES CAT FOOD

ST. LOUIS - It probably won't affect her famous mood, but Grumpy Cat now has an
endorsement deal.

The frown-faced Internet sensation, real name Tardar Sauce, is now the
"spokescat" for a Friskies brand of cat food, Nestle Purina PetCare announced
Tuesday. The St. Louis-based company didn't release terms of the deal.

Photos of Grumpy Cat, her brown and white face in a constant scowl, have become
a constant presence on Facebook and other social media, often accompanied by
crabby messages such as "I don't like days that end in Y" or "I'm listening, I
just don't care." She also is among the biggest stars of the peculiar trend of
cat dominance on Web videos and postings.

Grumpy Cat's own Facebook page has more than 1.3 million likes.

In addition to the relationship with Nestle Purina, which featured Grumpy Cat in
an online video game series in March, the 1 1/2-year-old mixed-breed feline has
a merchandise line and reportedly has a movie deal in the works.

Grumpy Cat is owned by Tabatha Bundesen, who lives in Phoenix.

BEANIES CREATOR TO PAY MILLIONS FOR TAX EVASION

CHICAGO - The creator of Beanie Babies stuffed animals has agreed to pay a $53
million penalty after being accused of federal tax evasion for failing to report
income he earned in a secret offshore bank account.

As prosecutors in Chicago announced the charge against H. Ty Warner, his defense
lawyer issued a statement saying the 69-year-old billionaire intended to plead
guilty and pay the massive penalty.

Warner, who lives in suburban Chicago and is the sole owner of TY Inc., still
faces the prospect of time behind bars. A conviction on a federal tax evasion
charge carries a maximum five-year prison sentence.

HOME CONSTRUCTION RATE HIGHEST SINCE FEBRUARY

WASHINGTON - U.S. builders started work in August on the most single-family
homes in six months and requested permits to construct even more in future
months. The figures suggest housing remains a driver of economic growth despite
rising mortgage rates.

Construction of single-family homes rose 7 percent last month to a seasonally
adjusted annual rate of 628,000, the Commerce Department said Wednesday. That's
the fastest rate since February. And builders sought 627,000 permits to
construct future single-family homes, 3 percent more than July and the best pace
since May 2008.

GOOGLE HAS NEW VENTURE, HEALTH COMPANY CALICO

MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIF. - Google said it has launched a new health company, called
Calico, that will focus on aging and related diseases.

The Internet search giant said Wednesday the company will be headed by Arthur
Levinson, the current chairman and former CEO of biotechnology company Genentech
and the chairman of Apple Inc. He will stay in his current positions.

Google Inc. CEO Larry Page said on his Google Plus page that shareholders
shouldn't be surprised if Google invests in projects that seem "strange or
speculative" compared with its Internet businesses. He said Google sees
potential for technology "more generally to improve people's lives."

TYPE: Column, Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Close Call At Navy Scrimmage

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 660 words


Navy quarterback Ricky Dobbs was scheduled to play only two series in last
night's Blue-Gold game. On what was to be his last play, a third and goal from
the 5, Dobbs ran the ball to the left side, and was smothered by a group of
defenders. One by one, the defenders got up. Dobbs, the Midshipmen's starter and
offensive catalyst, didn't.

"My heart stopped," Coach Ken Niumatalolo said. "I saw everything flash before
me."

One of the defenders fell on Dobbs's left ankle. "The first thing I thought when
I felt it snap, I was thinking it was broke," he said. "Then I felt like I could
move it around, and it was all right."

Dobbs was able to limp off of the field, and could have returned if it was a
regular season game.

Dobb's Gold team beat the Blue team, 19-0, in front of a couple hundred fans at
Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium. In two series, Dobbs rushed for 18 yards on
eight carries, completed 1 of 4 passes for 11 yards and led the Gold to field
goals of 42 and 22 yards by Jon Teague.

Linebacker Ross Pospisil, who led the Midshipmen with 106 tackles last season,
and guard Osei Asante were elected team captains. Junior linebacker Tyler
Simmons, who played primarily on special teams last season, received the Admiral
Mack Award, which is given to the most improved player during spring drills.

-- Camille Powell

AUTO RACING

Castroneves Acquitted

 Helio Castroneves will be back on the track less than 24 hours after the
Brazilian driver was acquitted of tax evasion charges.

Penske Racing President Tim Cindric said the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner
will return to his No. 3 IndyCar in time for practice and qualifying today for
the Grand Prix of Long Beach, Calif.

Earlier in the day, after six days of deliberation and a six-week trial, a
federal jury in Miami acquitted the 33-year-old Castroneves, his sister and
business manager Katiucia, and an attorney on tax evasion charges. . . .

Mark Martin has won his third pole of the season, qualifying first at Phoenix
International Raceway in Avondale, Ariz. Martin ran a lap at 133.814 mph in his
Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet to beat Kyle Busch and Kurt Busch for tonight's
top starting spot.

GOLF

Gay Leads in S.C.

 Brian Gay's run of five straight birdies lifted him past Todd Hamilton after
two rounds of the PGA Tour Heritage in Hilton Head, S.C. Gay made six birdies on
the front nine en route to a 66 and, at 9 under par, a one-stroke lead. . . .

In Lutz, Fla., Larry Nelson shot a 6-under 65 to take a one-shot lead over Nick
Price after the first round of the Champions Tour Outback Pro-Am.

CYCLING

Hamilton Retires

 Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton, once touted as the next great American
cyclist, ended his doping-tarnished career by saying he tested positive for a
banned substance and would retire.

Hamilton, 38, admitted taking an herbal product for two days in February to
combat depression, knowing it included a steroid.

MISC.

Peters Off to Eagles

The Buffalo Bills agreed to trade tackle Jason Peters to the Philadelphia Eagles
rather than risk another offseason holdout from their disgruntled two-time Pro
Bowl pick. The basics of the deal were agreed to yesterday. In exchange, the
Bills will receive the 28th pick and an undisclosed second-day selection in next
week's NFL draft. . . .

World champion Evan Lysacek won the free skate, keeping the United States in the
lead at the figure skating World Team Trophy in Tokyo.

With only the pairs and women's free skate remaining today, the United States
leads with 59 points, followed by Canada with 53 and Japan with 52. . . .

Courtney Kupets, a senior at the University of Georgia, won her third career
NCAA all-around gymnastics title Thursday night in Lincoln, Neb. Kupets, of
Gaithersburg, was on the U.S. women's team that won a silver medal at the 2004
Olympics. She scored a 10 on the balance beam, a 9.95 on the uneven bars and
floor exercise, and a 9.9 on the vault, and qualified for all four individual
finals.

-- From News Services

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By John Watson-riley -- Reuters; Racecar driver Helio
Castroneves hugs the wife of his attorney in Miami after his acquittal on tax
evasion charges.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 21, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

MARC RICH MAY FACE NEW CHARGES

BYLINE: By ERIC N. BERG

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1052 words


Marc Rich and Pincus Green, the multimillionaire commodity traders indicted
Monday for evading a record $48 million in taxes, may face additional charges of
tax evasion and obstruction of justice as the grand jury investigation of their
dealings continues, Federal prosecutors said yesterday.

Meanwhile, an official of Switzerland, where the two are believed to be hiding,
said that his Government had begun to explore ways it might extradite Mr. Rich
and Mr. Green to the United States.

Tax evasion is not a crime in Switzerland and would not be grounds for
extradition, but the official said the indicted businessmen might be turned over
to United States authorities if it could be proved they committed fraud or
forgery for a crime other than tax evasion.

''It is not our intent to protect a criminal,'' said Juerg Leutert, the legal
attache to the Swiss Embassy, at a news conference in New York. ''And we
certainly do not wish to frustrate the order of a United States court.''

Mr. Leutert emphasized, however, that Swiss officials would scrutinize the
charges against Mr. Rich and Mr. Green closely before deciding whether
extradition could be undertaken under Swiss law.  As part of a 51-count
indictment, Mr. Rich and Mr. Green are accused of resorting to fraud and
racketeering to commit the largest tax evasion in United States history.

The prosecutors said they would seek to bring new tax evasion charges against
the commodity traders at least as large as those handed up Monday. The commodity
traders, who are United States citizens, were also indicted for trading with the
enemy by purchasing $200 million in Iranian oil when American hostages were
being held in Iran and trade with Iran was illegal.

''The grand jury is continuing to investigate tax evasion involving amounts
equal to or greater than the $100 million set forth in yesterday's indictment,''
said Morris W. Weinberg Jr., the Assistant United States Attorney leading the
investigation.

In a packed courtroom before Federal Judge Leonard B. Sand, Mr. Weinberg said
the grand jury was also investigating whether the traders had obstructed justice
when they sold their controlling interest in Marc Rich & Company International,
their United States trading unit.

Sale in June

They sold Marc Rich International late in June, only one day after Judge Sand
held Marc Rich & Company A.G., which is Marc Rich International's Swiss parent,
in contempt of court for failing to turn over documents subpoeaned in a tax
investigation.

According to Mr. Weinberg, the grand jurors are also seeking to determine if
obstruction of justice occurred when Marc Rich International loaded subpoeaned
documents onto a plane about to depart for Switzerland. Mr. Weinberg said the
jury would also attempt to ascertain if Mr. Rich or Mr. Green contributed to the
Swiss Government's seizing of subpoeaned documents about a month ago.

To answer these questions, Mr. Weinberg said, ''We believe the first witnesses
who should be called are Mr. Rich and Mr. Green.'' The men, however, have failed
to appear in court for more than a year.

Lawrence B. Pedowitz, chief of the criminal division for the United States
Attorney's office, said: ''We have every reason to believe, based on their past
behavior, that Mr. Rich and Mr. Green will become fugitives from justice. As I
understand it, Mr. Rich and Mr. Green are guests of Switzerland. They may become
unwelcome guests.''

Trip to Berne Disclosed

At the hearing, Mr. Pedowitz disclosed for the first time since Swiss
authorities seized the Marc Rich documents that he and other Justice Department
officials as well as representatives of the State Department traveled to Berne
early this month to seek possession of the documents.

But the United States delegation was unsuccessful. Although the Swiss were ''at
all times courteous,'' he said, they steadfastly refused to turn over the
papers.

The Swiss maintain that making the seized papers public might reveal proprietary
information about companies with which Marc Rich does business. Such a move
could violate the Swiss criminal code, which considers such disclosures
''economic espionage.''

The Swiss have also been miffed by what they consider the United States's
failure to follow established diplomatic procedures to obtain the papers.

According to Mr. Leutert, the Swiss continue to believe that the United States
has no right to take documents from a foreign concern without following an
established diplomatic procedure known as the mutual assistance treaty in
criminal matters.

He released the contents of a letter from the Swiss Ambassador, Anton Hegner, to
Judge Sand in which the Swiss said they would turn over all the subpoeaned
documents in three weeks if the United States followed the diplomatic route. The
relinquished documents would have the names of third parties deleted.

''They could get all the documents they want,'' Mr. Leutert said. But referring
to United States claims that producing the subpoeaned documents would not
violate Swiss law, he said: ''It is inappropriate to take advice from a foreign
nation about whether Swiss law is being violated.''

Nonetheless, the United States continued yesterday to press its claim for the
Marc Rich papers. In his court remarks, Mr. Pedowitz said that the only business
secrets in the documents seized by the Swiss were ''plans to defraud the United
States Government.'' He added: ''This we did not think worthy of Swiss
Government protection.''

Claim to Be Withdrawn

Mr. Pedowitz also said that his office had received word from Marc Rich lawyers
that Marc Rich A.G., the Swiss-based concern, would withdraw its claim that it
does not do business in the United States. This is an important point in the
case, since in general United States law extends only to companies with domestic
interests.

Judge Sand, who has been hearing the Marc Rich case for more than a year, will
decide at a session today the status of a $50,000-a-day fine levied against Marc
Rich A.G. June 29 after the firm was held in contempt. So far, Marc Rich A.G.
has paid more than $2 million.

Federal prosecutors have said they will attempt to seize Mr. Rich's 50 percent
interest in the 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation if they convict either Mr.
Rich or any of his firms.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Marc Rich

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri Sentenced
for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of
Missouri has issued the following news release:



  The owner of a St. Louis, Missouri, tax return preparation business was
sentenced to 27 months in prison Friday following his conviction on two counts
of tax evasion, announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Stuart M.
Goldberg of the Justice Department's Tax Division.









 According to court records, Semere Tsehaye, was the owner and operator of at
least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating in Illinois,
Kansas and Missouri from 2005 to 2011. ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).







 "As the owner and operator of numerous tax return preparation businesses,
Semere Tsehaye was clearly aware of his obligation to accurately report his
income and expenses to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and yet ignored his
responsibilities in an effort to cheat the system," said Acting Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Goldberg. "Tsehaye's sentence makes clear that those who seek
to evade paying their fair share will face severe consequences for their
criminal conduct."







 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade tax by hiding income and filing false returns
was a theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften
of IRS Criminal Investigation (CI), St. Louis Field Office. "Tax evasion of this
magnitude with this degree of dishonesty and deceit deserves to be punished and
Mr. Tsehaye will now pay the price for his crimes."







 Court records show that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye generated
fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts generated by
A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer. Tsehaye's tax return
preparer used these financial summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income
tax returns, which Tsehaye then filed with the IRS. These tax returns were false
in that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of
approximately $547,895 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, and resulted in
Tsehaye evading a total of approximately $581,264 in tax due and owing.







 On Oct. 4, Tsehaye was convicted of two counts of tax evasion by a federal jury
sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition to the term of prison imposed,
Tsehaye was ordered to serve three years of supervised release and to pay
$298,178 in restitution to the IRS.







 Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg commended special agents of
IRS-CI, who conducted the investigation, and Senior Litigation Counsel Corey
Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax Division, who prosecuted the
case. Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg also thanked the U.S.
Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri for their substantial
assistance.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 8, 2012 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Nifty Fifities owners and managers admit tax fraud

BYLINE: By Mari A. SchaeferINQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; PC News New Jersey; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 378 words


The owners and managers of the Nifty Fifties restaurant chain pleaded guilty in
federal court to tax evasion and skimming cash from the business.

Co-owner Robert Mattei, 73, of Delray Beach, Fla., pleaded guilty to conspiracy,
tax evasion, and bank fraud, and faces up to 40 years in prison and a $1.5
million fine. Co-owner Leo McGlynn, 52, of Swarthmore, and Joseph Donnelly, 49,
of Springfield, Delaware County, a head manager, pleaded to conspiracy, tax
evasion, and bank fraud and aggravated structuring of financial transactions.
They face up to 50 years in prison and a $2 million fine. They entered their
pleas Wednesday.

On Thursday, another head manager, Brian Welsh, 48, also of Springfield, and
office manager Elena Ruiz, 46, of Drexel Hill, Mattei's daughter, pleaded guilty
to conspiracy and tax evasion. Ruiz faces up to 10 years in prison and a
$500,000 fine. In addition, Welsh pleaded guilty to bank fraud. He faces up to
40 years in prison and a $1.5 million fine.

The chain operates five nostalgia-themed restaurants in Ridley Township,
Bensalem, Northeast Philadelphia, Clementon, and Turnersville in New Jersey. The
locations remain open, according to a spokesman. He would not take questions
regarding the court proceedings.

The five were indicted in May for skimming $15.6 million cash from gross
receipts for the 26-year-old chain. Between January 2006 and August 2010 alone,
federal prosecutors said, the defendants concealed about $4.1 million in cash in
safe deposits for the "exclusive benefit" of the equal co-owners Mattei and
McGlynn.

Employees and suppliers were partially paid using the skimmed cash, prosecutors
said.

The defendants also filed for tax refunds by erroneously reporting their taxable
income.

Mattei, McGlynn, Donnelly, and Welsh also committed bank fraud when they
submitted bogus income tax returns to Sovereign Bank while attempting to obtain
a $2.28 million business loan. The defendants hired an accountant to prepare
false returns that reported income "far in excess of that actually reported to
the Internal Revenue Service," according to court documents.

The defendants will be sentenced in September, on different dates.

Contact Mari A. Schaefer at 610-892-9149, mschaefer@phillynews.com of on Twitter
@marischaefer.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Feds indict Birdsboro woman on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Dan Kelly, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Jan. 26--A Birdsboro woman was indicted Tuesday on charges she failed to pay
about $90,000 in income taxes while working as a recruiter for an Arizona
relocation firm.

Candace Whitman, also known as Candace Cannon, formerly of Phoenix, was charged
with failing to file tax returns and giving federal forms to her employer
claiming she was exempt from income taxes so no tax would be deducted from her
paycheck.

It was unclear whether Whitman was in custody. She could not be reached for
comment.

Internal Revenue Service agents working with federal prosecutors in Philadelphia
obtained the indictment. They gave the following account:

Whitman worked for Corporate Relocation Specialists Inc., or CRS, between 1999
and 2004, and made a six-figure salary helping corporate executives move to new
locations.

Whitman worked as a national and regional sales executive and was given W-2
forms by CRS reporting her income as ranging from $50,000 to more than $172,000
per year.

In September 2000, Whitman presented the company with a W-4 form that claimed
she was exempt from income taxes. Whitman left the company and moved to
Pennsylvania in 2004.

While working for CRS, Whitman purchased several rental properties in the
Phoenix area and rented those properties to CRS clients relocating to Arizona.

The indictment says that Whitman also filed forms with CRS claiming she was
exempt from paying tax on the rental income she received from her properties.
She collected more than $35,000 in rental income over three years.

As a result, Whitman had no federal taxes withheld from her salary from 2001
through 2004.

In addition, Whitman failed to file income tax returns for the years 2001
through 2004, and, in 2005, filed a fraudulent individual income tax return on
which she reported only interest income and no income from CRS or any other
sources.

If convicted, Whitman could face 20 years in prison and a $400,000 fine.

Contact Dan Kelly: 610-371-5040 or dkelly@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110126-RE-Feds-indict-Birdsboro-woman-on-tax-evasion
-charges-0126-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 15, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BRIEFING

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 734 words


WELD COUNTY

Fund to aid survivors

of Wednesday wreck

Relatives of a Colorado man who died Wednesday in a traffic accident in Weld
County have created a memorial fund to pay medical bills for two family members
who survived the wreck.

Money raised by the Burnett Family Medical Fund will pay at least part of the
mounting hospital bills for 9-year-old Mckayla Burnett and her 6-year-old
sister, Amber, who were both injured when a pickup truck broadsided their car at
the intersection of Weld County roads 2 and 45, northeast of Brighton.

Both girls are recovering at Children's Hospital in Denver.

The crash killed the girls' father, Brian, 29, and their 9-year-

old sister, Brittany.

Donations can be made statewide at any Compass Bank, the relatives said.

DENVER

Lawyer indicted on

tax-evasion charges

A federal grand jury in Denver has indicted Michael Jay Shidler, 50, of Denver
for tax evasion and conspiracy to defraud the United States.

Shidler, a tax lawyer, allegedly helped a client conceal and remove assets,
property and income from the reach of the Internal Revenue Service and other
creditors.

The client, Donald Mack, was founder, president, chief executive and principal
shareholder of Comtec International Inc. of New Mexico. Mack previously was
indicted by a grand jury on similar tax evasion charges. His case is pending.

If convicted, Shidler faces up to five years in federal prison and/or a $250,000
fine for one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States and for one count
of tax evasion.

DENVER

New indictment filed

against ex-Qwest exec

Federal prosecutors have filed a new indictment against former Qwest executive
Thomas Hall that could increase the amount of time he would spend in prison if
found guilty.

The indictment, filed in U.S. District Court in Denver, spells out aggravating
circumstances that the prosecutors want jurors to consider if they decide Hall
participated in an alleged fraudulent deal to improperly book revenues.

The indictment was filed in response to a recent U.S. Supreme Court ruling that
said a jury should decide if aggravating factors should increase prison time,
said Jeff Dorschner, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in Colorado.

Prior to the ruling, prosecutors didn't unveil the aggravating factors to a
judge until the suspect was found guilty.

DENVER

Man's remains found

during slaying probe

Denver detectives have found the remains of a man in a grave near Interstate 70
and Quebec Street.

The grave was discovered Wednesday in a wooded area southeast of the
intersection after detectives began investigating a possible homicide Monday.

The detectives were led to a person in New Mexico, and as a result of that
contact, they said they found the man's grave.

Police Detective John White declined to say how police were informed that a
homicide occurred or to whom they spoke in New Mexico.

The identity of the man was not released.

BOULDER

Sales tax revenues fail

to grow as expected

The rise in city retail sales tax collections has been slower than expected this
year, prompting city leaders to consider spending cuts.

Through the first six months of the year, collections totaled $28 million, up
1.5 percent from the same period last year, according to figures released
Friday. The city had projected 2.9 percent growth for the year.

Acting city Finance Director Steve Felten said it is unlikely collections will
improve enough before the end of the year to meet the projected growth for 2004.

STEAMBOAT SPRINGS

Charter school effort

won't escape district

Charter school advocates in Steamboat Springs will not get help from a new law
that allows groups to bypass school districts and seek state approval for new
charter schools.

The law, signed by Gov. Bill Owens in June, created an independent authority
within the Department of Education, the State Charter Institute, to evaluate and
approve applications for new charter schools.

Under a provision in the law, districts with fewer than 3,000 students can
retain chartering authority within their boundaries.

Steamboat Springs School District, which has fewer than 2,000 students, has
asked the Department of Education to allow it to retain that authority.

"We're pleased the provision for (districts with) under 3,000 students is
applicable to us," Steamboat Superintendent Donna Howell said.

She said legislators included the provision because they realized charter
schools could adversely affect smaller districts.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     April 10, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hemlsley gets final chance to stay out of prison

BYLINE: LOS ANGELES TIMES; DPA; REUTER; AP

SECTION: NEWS; WORLD BRIEFS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 136 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A U.S. federal appeals court has granted hotel queen Leona Hemlsley one final
chance to avoid a four-year jail sentence for tax evasion scheduled to start
next week.

Yesterday the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit granted Hemlsley an
expedited hearing on her appeal of a lower court's refusal to reduce her
sentence.

The appellate court scheduled next Tuesday for oral arguments on the appeal,
which is the day before she is scheduled to surrender at a women's prison
hospital in Lexington, Ky.

Lawyers for Helmsley have argued that she is too ill to be imprisoned and that
she should only be required to perform community service.

Helmsley, 71, was convicted in 1989 of evading more than $ 1 million in taxes by
claiming renovations on her Greenwich, Conn., estate, as business expenses.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 23, 2008 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

PENSKE AWAITING VERDICT FOR NOW

BYLINE: BRANT JAMES, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; NOTEBOOK; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 595 words


The scheduling of Indy Racing League driver Helio Castroneves' federal tax
evasion trial for March 2 does not necessarily mean the two-time Indianapolis
500 winner will be released by Penske Racing, team president Tim Cindric said.
Cindric added that the team continues to "try and get smarter every day" before
deciding whether to sever ties with the popular and charismatic Brazilian,
considering the possible negative reflection on the organization.

"He's been indicted. He hasn't been found guilty of anything," Cindric said in a
phone interview with the St. Petersburg Times. "Sometimes people get ahead of
themselves. You have to be careful that way."

With the IRL season set to begin April 5 at the Grand Prix of St. Petersburg,
Penske filed an affidavit in U.S. District court on Nov. 10 stating he "could
likely not keep Castroneves should there be a March 2009 trial." Penske seemed
to reiterate that last week to the Los Angeles Times before the request for a
November trial was denied. But Cindric said, "(Owner) Roger (Penske) didn't say
that anything was definite. He just said that it would be much more difficult at
that point in time, which obviously it is."

A reprieve for Castroneves, if he is acquitted, could come via the IRL's
offseason testing ban. That means Penske won't need a driver ready for its
second car until leaguewide spring training at Homestead-Miami Speedway the
third week of March.

Castroneves, 33, was indicted in October on six counts of tax evasion and one
count of conspiracy to defraud the government. He allegedly failed to report
about $5.5-million of income for 1999 through 2004.

NOT TESTY:Carl Edwards, runnerup in the Sprint Cup and Nationwide series and a
member of the successful Roush Fenway organization, said a contract is
circulating among teams that would impose a self-ban on testing. The deal would
go beyond NASCAR's one-year moratorium at venues that host races in the top
three series.

"I've seen a contract that was written that (owner Jack Roush) said he's willing
to sign, I'm willing to sign, that says if everyone will agree to this, then we
won't test at all," Edwards said. "I think that's fine. That's great."

Edwards favors two-day race weekends, though he knows it would cost tracks a day
of gate receipts even as it saves teams travel expenses. His ideal weekend,
apparently conjured by his inner Allen Iverson, is "showing up and throwing the
green flag."

"As long as everyone does the same thing, I mean, hell, what does everyone need
all this practice for?" he asked. "...This is NASCAR Sprint Cup racing. We all
know how to race. We've all been to these tracks before. Maybe you do a deal
where guys who haven't been there before, they get a few hours of practice."

HALF FULL: Zephyrhills' David Reutimann, who finished 22nd in points in his
second full Sprint Cup season and won the pole in the finale at Homestead, is
short a crew chief and a half-season's worth of sponsorship on his No. 44 Toyota
for next season. He also is unlikely to run a third straight full Nationwide
season because of sponsorship issues.

Reutimann said a replacement for Ryan Pemberton, who said late in the season he
was leaving for Red Bull, could be announced next week.

"You would like to get somebody in there because Ryan decided to do his deal so
late in the season it doesn't give you much opportunity to talk with people,"
Reutimann said. "You know your crew chief is leaving halfway through the year,
you can start talking to people who are interested in doing something different.
He just didn't give us that option."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Getty Images: Helio Castroneves has a lot on the line at his
federal tax evasion trial, including possibly his 2009 Penske ride.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 575 words


2 accountants accused in tax evasion scam

NEW YORK (AP) -- Two accountants have been indicted on charges of tax evasion
and helping hundreds of their clients file false city and state tax returns,
resulting in the loss of millions of dollars.

A 21-count indictment accuses Jeffrey C. Rosner, 52, of Queens, and David E.
Cohen, 54, of Staten Island, of filing false returns for themselves and their
wives from 1999 through 2003, District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said Tuesday.

In those five years, Rosner and Cohen -- who had offices in the Empire State
Building -- also helped at least 600 clients evade millions in taxes, charging
up to $500 to prepare a tax return, the prosecutor said.

The city's Department of Finance said the case could lead to the recovery of at
least $7.5 million in state and city income, business and sales taxes.

***

SUNY move lets whites vie for scholarships

ALBANY (AP) -- The State University of New York on Tuesday changed the criteria
of two lucrative scholarships for minority students to include whites.

Two 2003 U.S. Supreme Court decisions prompted the change in the $6.2 million
Graduate Fellowship Program that went to 500 students at 24 campuses and the
Empire State Minority Honors Scholarships that provides $649,000 to 898
students.

In one case, the court held that the University of Michigan's affirmative action
policy in undergraduate admissions went too far because it assigned extra points
to applicants with minority status.

SUNY changed its criteria for the awards to include impoverished white students,
an action some other states have taken.

***

Beating death of girl inspires proposal for law

ALBANY (AP) -- Parents or guardians who cause the death of a child under age 14
would face life in prison under a proposal announced Tuesday by State Senate
Republicans spurred by the beating death of a Brooklyn girl.

"Nixzmary's Law," backed by Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno, would mandate
life without parole for the parent, guardian, or person in a position of trust
who causes the death of a child intentionally or through abuse and torture.

The proposal is named after Nixzmary Brown, found dead in her home on Jan. 11.
Authorities said the girl was bound and held captive before her stepfather Cesar
Rodriguez killed her with a blow to the head. Rodriguez and the girl's
27-year-old mother, Nixzaliz Santiago, have been indicted on charges of
second-degree murder, child endangerment and assault. The mother allegedly
ignored cries for help.

"She asked for mercy, she got none. She asked for help, she got none. . . . Now
the question is, are we going to answer the cries of outrage?" said Sen. Raymond
Meier, a Utica-area Republican and sponsor of the bill.

***

Teacher accused of rape for relationship with girl

VOORHEESVILLE (AP) -- A 25-year-old teaching assistant at Voorheesville
Elementary School accused of having a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old
girl will face rape charges.

John T. Krajewski, who also coached boys' basketball at the local high school,
was charged Monday with three counts of second-degree rape, police said.

Krajewski was arraigned in court Monday and released on $25,000 bail. The
Voorheesville School Board also stripped him of his teaching assistant post
Monday for presenting inaccurate credentials. He'd been on administrative leave
with pay since the beginning of this year.

According to officials, there's no connection between Krajewski's teaching
position and the girl.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    April 16, 1992, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Helmsley takes private jet to become No. 15113-054

BYLINE: AP; NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: LEXINGTON, Ky.


Hotel magnate and convicted tax-evader Leona Helmsley held on to her lavish
lifestyle until the end yesterday, then reported to a U.S. federal prison on Tax
Day and became No. 15113-054.

Helmsley, 71, who likes to boast in advertisements: "I won't be treated like
another room number," was spirited to Kentucky in her company's Boeing 727 jet
before dawn. The plane landed in Louisville and she arrived at the prison in
Lexington at about 4:15 a.m.

Helmsley, sentenced to four years for tax-evasion, slipped by reporters and into
the minimum-security Federal Medical Centre for women. She'll have to serve at
least one-third of the sentence.

She lost her last bid to stay out of jail Tuesday, when a federal appeals court
ruled Judge Thomas Griesa acted within his authority in refusing to substitute
community service for prison time.

About 63 per cent of Helmsley's fellow prisoners are serving time for drug or
liquor offences and only one per cent are in for white- collar crimes.

During her last days at home, Helmsley had her hair styled and said goodbye to a
few close friends.

Helmsley was convicted in 1989 of evading $ 1.7 million in taxes by billing
personal expenses such as renovations on a mansion in Greenwich, Conn., to her
companies. She has paid about $ 8 million in fines and restitution.

Her 83-year-old husband, Harry Helmsley, was indicted with her but was found
mentally incompetent to stand trial.

In New York last night, Harry Helmsley ordered the Empire State Building's tower
lights switched off as his wife spent her first night in prison. In a brief
statement, Helmsley called the darkening of the landmark building a "symbolic
gesture." He also ordered lights out at the gold-leaf-covered Helmsley Building
on Park Ave.

ADDITIONAL REPORTING: NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri
Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The owner of a St. Louis, Missouri tax return preparation business was
sentenced to 27 months in prison Friday following his conviction on two counts
of tax evasion, announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Stuart M.
Goldberg of the Justice Department's Tax Division.









 According to court records, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and operator of
at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating in Illinois,
Kansas and Missouri from 2005 to 2011. ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).







 "As the owner and operator of numerous tax return preparation businesses,
Semere Tsehaye was clearly aware of his obligation to accurately report his
income and expenses to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and yet ignored his
responsibilities in an effort to cheat the system," said Acting Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Goldberg. "Tsehaye's sentence makes clear that those who seek
to evade paying their fair share will face severe consequences for their
criminal conduct."







 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade tax by hiding income and filing false returns
was a theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften
of IRS Criminal Investigation (CI), St. Louis Field Office. "Tax evasion of this
magnitude with this degree of dishonesty and deceit deserves to be punished and
Mr. Tsehaye will now pay the price for his crimes."







 Court records show that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye generated
fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts generated by
A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer. Tsehaye's tax return
preparer used these financial summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income
tax returns, which Tsehaye then filed with the IRS. These tax returns were false
in that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of
approximately $547,895 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, and resulted in
Tsehaye evading a total of approximately $581,264 in tax due and owing.







 On Oct. 4, Tsehaye was convicted of two counts of tax evasion by a federal jury
sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition to the term of prison imposed,
Tsehaye was ordered to serve three years of supervised release and to pay
$$298,178 in restitution to the IRS.







 Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg commended special agents of
IRS-CI, who conducted the investigation, and Senior Litigation Counsel Corey
Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax Division, who prosecuted the
case. Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg also thanked the U.S.
Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri for their substantial
assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri
Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The owner of a St. Louis, Missouri tax return preparation business was
sentenced to 27 months in prison Friday following his conviction on two counts
of tax evasion, announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Stuart M.
Goldberg of the Justice Department's Tax Division.









 According to court records, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and operator of
at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating in Illinois,
Kansas and Missouri from 2005 to 2011. ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).







 "As the owner and operator of numerous tax return preparation businesses,
Semere Tsehaye was clearly aware of his obligation to accurately report his
income and expenses to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), and yet ignored his
responsibilities in an effort to cheat the system," said Acting Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Goldberg. "Tsehaye's sentence makes clear that those who seek
to evade paying their fair share will face severe consequences for their
criminal conduct."







 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade tax by hiding income and filing false returns
was a theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften
of IRS Criminal Investigation (CI), St. Louis Field Office. "Tax evasion of this
magnitude with this degree of dishonesty and deceit deserves to be punished and
Mr. Tsehaye will now pay the price for his crimes."







 Court records show that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye generated
fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts generated by
A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer. Tsehaye's tax return
preparer used these financial summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income
tax returns, which Tsehaye then filed with the IRS. These tax returns were false
in that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of
approximately $547,895 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, and resulted in
Tsehaye evading a total of approximately $581,264 in tax due and owing.







 On Oct. 4, Tsehaye was convicted of two counts of tax evasion by a federal jury
sitting in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition to the term of prison imposed,
Tsehaye was ordered to serve three years of supervised release and to pay
$$298,178 in restitution to the IRS.







 Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg commended special agents of
IRS-CI, who conducted the investigation, and Senior Litigation Counsel Corey
Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax Division, who prosecuted the
case. Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney General Goldberg also thanked the U.S.
Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Missouri for their substantial
assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                     February 21, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Hong Kong, US Continue to Strengthen Strong Economic Ties

LENGTH: 607  words


Feb. 21 -- The economic and trade ties between Hong Kong and the United States
(US) grew from strength to strength last year, with more direct flights, bumper
trade and co-operation in combating tax evasion, said the Hong Kong Commissioner
for Economic and Trade Affairs, USA, Mr Clement Leung, yesterday (February 19).

Speaking at the Chinese New Year Reception organised by the Hong Kong Economic
and Trade Office in New York (HKETONY), Mr Leung said that international
airlines opened new direct flights to Seattle, Dallas/Fort Worth and Newark,
adding that Cathay Pacific Airways will launch its inaugural direct flight from
Hong Kong to Boston in May.

Hong Kong imported US$40 billion worth of the US goods last year, and improved
access for the US agricultural products made the city the most open market for
the US beef in Asia. Meanwhile, Hong Kong and the US concluded agreements to
combat tax evasion.

Noting that the Heritage Foundation and the Wall Street Journal have recently
ranked Hong Kong as the freest economy in the world for 21 consecutive years, Mr
Leung said Hong Kong would continue to capitalise its position as China's global
financial centre. "We'll leverage our 'super-connector' role between the
Mainland of China and the rest of the world," he added.

He told the American guests that Hong Kong was working to promote new growth
sectors of arbitration, intellectual property trading, creative industries, as
well as innovation and technology. "We are upgrading the quality of our
workforce as we are facing an ageing population and are making it easier for
talented people and entrepreneurs from around the globe to come, stay, live,
work and establish a business there," he added.

Also speaking at the occasion, the Director of HKETONY, Mr Steve Barclay, said
aside from promoting closer economic, investment and trade ties, his office also
aims to foster cultural ties between Hong Kong and the 31 eastern states.

He highlighted the first collaboration with the Yale-China Association to bring
two promising Hong Kong artists to Yale University on a fellowship program.
Parry Ling, a relational artist, and Hao Yang, a choreographer-dancer, are
currently on a six-month residency at Yale University in Connecticut.

Mr Barclay said the office would organise a week-long "Spotlight Hong Kong"
exhibition at the Time Warner Center from February 25.The exhibition will focus
on Hong Kong's vibrant mix of East-meets-West culture - from cultural heritage,
creative and film industries to performing arts.

The exhibits include a series of Hong Kong street markets which were painted by
the US nationally recognised illustrationist Michael Sloan during his residency
in Hong Kong from 2012 to 2014.

The exhibition will also help promote the US debut of the Hong Kong Dance
Company's performance, "The Legend of Mulan", which will be staged at the
Lincoln Center for Performing Arts from March 5 to 8.

To reach out to the US young generation, Mr Barclay said his office has launched
a new Facebook page "Hong Kong Meets America". It carries all sorts of trendy,
useful and interesting information about the city.

To promote Hong Kong music talents, the reception featured performances by the
Cornelia String Quartet, led by the violinist CheHo Lam; and the
singer-songwriter Mara Measor, both Hong Kong-born and raised.

The reception ended with a grand lucky draw, with the winner receiving two
Newark-Hong Kong round trip premium economy tickets sponsored by Cathay Pacific
Airways.

About 370 guests, mainly key members of the business, government, academic and
media sectors, attended the reception.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                      February 20, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Hong Kong, US Continue to Strengthen Strong Economic Ties

LENGTH: 607  words


Feb, 20 -- The economic and trade ties between Hong Kong and the United States
(US) grew from strength to strength last year, with more direct flights, bumper
trade and co-operation in combating tax evasion, said the Hong Kong Commissioner
for Economic and Trade Affairs, USA, Mr Clement Leung, yesterday (February 19).

Speaking at the Chinese New Year Reception organised by the Hong Kong Economic
and Trade Office in New York (HKETONY), Mr Leung said that international
airlines opened new direct flights to Seattle, Dallas/Fort Worth and Newark,
adding that Cathay Pacific Airways will launch its inaugural direct flight from
Hong Kong to Boston in May.

Hong Kong imported US$40 billion worth of the US goods last year, and improved
access for the US agricultural products made the city the most open market for
the US beef in Asia. Meanwhile, Hong Kong and the US concluded agreements to
combat tax evasion.

Noting that the Heritage Foundation and the Wall Street Journal have recently
ranked Hong Kong as the freest economy in the world for 21 consecutive years, Mr
Leung said Hong Kong would continue to capitalise its position as China's global
financial centre. "We'll leverage our 'super-connector' role between the
Mainland of China and the rest of the world," he added.

He told the American guests that Hong Kong was working to promote new growth
sectors of arbitration, intellectual property trading, creative industries, as
well as innovation and technology. "We are upgrading the quality of our
workforce as we are facing an ageing population and are making it easier for
talented people and entrepreneurs from around the globe to come, stay, live,
work and establish a business there," he added.

Also speaking at the occasion, the Director of HKETONY, Mr Steve Barclay, said
aside from promoting closer economic, investment and trade ties, his office also
aims to foster cultural ties between Hong Kong and the 31 eastern states.

He highlighted the first collaboration with the Yale-China Association to bring
two promising Hong Kong artists to Yale University on a fellowship program.
Parry Ling, a relational artist, and Hao Yang, a choreographer-dancer, are
currently on a six-month residency at Yale University in Connecticut.

Mr Barclay said the office would organise a week-long "Spotlight Hong Kong"
exhibition at the Time Warner Center from February 25.  The exhibition will
focus on Hong Kong's vibrant mix of East-meets-West culture - from cultural
heritage, creative and film industries to performing arts.

The exhibits include a series of Hong Kong street markets which were painted by
the US nationally recognised illustrationist Michael Sloan during his residency
in Hong Kong from 2012 to 2014.

The exhibition will also help promote the US debut of the Hong Kong Dance
Company's performance, "The Legend of Mulan", which will be staged at the
Lincoln Center for Performing Arts from March 5 to 8.

To reach out to the US young generation, Mr Barclay said his office has launched
a new Facebook page "Hong Kong Meets America". It carries all sorts of trendy,
useful and interesting information about the city.

To promote Hong Kong music talents, the reception featured performances by the
Cornelia String Quartet, led by the violinist CheHo Lam; and the
singer-songwriter Mara Measor, both Hong Kong-born and raised.

The reception ended with a grand lucky draw, with the winner receiving two
Newark-Hong Kong round trip premium economy tickets sponsored by Cathay Pacific
Airways.

About 370 guests, mainly key members of the business, government, academic and
media sectors, attended the reception.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

Former Investment Advisor Sentenced On Wire Fraud, Tax Evasion Charges

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A former investment advisor employed by the Roanoke, Va. branch of an unnamed
global financial services firm, was sentenced today in the United States
District Court for the Western District of Virginia in Roanoke on wire fraud and
tax evasion charges.

Donna J. Tucker, 58, of Roanoke, Va., previously waived her right to be indicted
and pleaded guilty to a two-count Information charging her with one count of
wire fraud and one count of tax evasion. Today in District Court, Tucker was
sentenced to 60 months of Federal incarceration. In addition, was ordered to pay
$976,485 in restitution to victims.

In evidence presented at today's sentencing by Assistant United States Attorney
Daniel P. Bubar and United States Secret Service Special Agent Andrew Beaman,
Tucker stole directly from and caused loss to the accounts of two sets of
victims. Evidence showed that all of the victims in this case were elderly and
one couple was particularly vulnerable, as they are both legally blind. The
Court took these factors into consideration and specifically included the
recommended sentencing enhancements regarding the vulnerability of these victims
and Tucker's abuse of a position of trust.

According to information presented at previous hearings, Tucker was an
investment advisor in Roanoke from 2007 through April 2013. In August 2010,
Tucker forged the signature of one of her clients, an elderly couple who held a
joint account, in order to obtain a line of credit, supposedly for the clients,
through her firm's banking arm. Tucker took these actions without the knowledge
or consent of the victim.

Approximately one year later, on August 4, 2011, Tucker caused to be transmitted
a wire transfer of $295,000 from the victim's account to her own account at a
local credit union. These funds were used to benefit Tucker and her family. In
addition, Tucker took steps to ensure the victims did not learn of the
unauthorized transfer by instructing others at her firm to place the victims in
an all-electronic delivery system that would send the victim's account
statements by email. Tucker also made false statements to the victims, other
employees at the firm and created false documents in order to carry out the
scheme.

Additionally, in calendar year 2011, Tucker reported to the Internal Revenue
Service a taxable income of $125,333. The defendant has admitted to knowingly
failing to report additional taxable income of at least $340,000, which resulted
in an additional tax of at least $115,000 being owed to the United States.

The investigation of the case was conducted by the United States Secret Service,
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigations and the Roanoke City Police Department. Assistant United States
Attorney Daniel P. Bubar and Special Assistant United States Attorney Drew
Bradylyons prosecuted the case for the United States

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Former Investment Advisor Sentenced On Wire Fraud, Tax Evasion Charges

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A former investment advisor employed by the Roanoke, Va. branch of an unnamed
global financial services firm, was sentenced today in the United States
District Court for the Western District of Virginia in Roanoke on wire fraud and
tax evasion charges.

Donna J. Tucker, 58, of Roanoke, Va., previously waived her right to be indicted
and pleaded guilty to a two-count Information charging her with one count of
wire fraud and one count of tax evasion. Today in District Court, Tucker was
sentenced to 60 months of Federal incarceration. In addition, was ordered to pay
$976,485 in restitution to victims.

In evidence presented at today's sentencing by Assistant United States Attorney
Daniel P. Bubar and United States Secret Service Special Agent Andrew Beaman,
Tucker stole directly from and caused loss to the accounts of two sets of
victims. Evidence showed that all of the victims in this case were elderly and
one couple was particularly vulnerable, as they are both legally blind. The
Court took these factors into consideration and specifically included the
recommended sentencing enhancements regarding the vulnerability of these victims
and Tucker's abuse of a position of trust.

According to information presented at previous hearings, Tucker was an
investment advisor in Roanoke from 2007 through April 2013. In August 2010,
Tucker forged the signature of one of her clients, an elderly couple who held a
joint account, in order to obtain a line of credit, supposedly for the clients,
through her firm's banking arm. Tucker took these actions without the knowledge
or consent of the victim.

Approximately one year later, on August 4, 2011, Tucker caused to be transmitted
a wire transfer of $295,000 from the victim's account to her own account at a
local credit union. These funds were used to benefit Tucker and her family. In
addition, Tucker took steps to ensure the victims did not learn of the
unauthorized transfer by instructing others at her firm to place the victims in
an all-electronic delivery system that would send the victim's account
statements by email. Tucker also made false statements to the victims, other
employees at the firm and created false documents in order to carry out the
scheme.

Additionally, in calendar year 2011, Tucker reported to the Internal Revenue
Service a taxable income of $125,333. The defendant has admitted to knowingly
failing to report additional taxable income of at least $340,000, which resulted
in an additional tax of at least $115,000 being owed to the United States.

The investigation of the case was conducted by the United States Secret Service,
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigations and the Roanoke City Police Department. Assistant United States
Attorney Daniel P. Bubar and Special Assistant United States Attorney Drew
Bradylyons prosecuted the case for the United States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Massachusetts Businessman Involved in Adult Entertainment Industry
Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Massachusetts businessman pleaded guilty to tax evasion for using nominee
entities to hide ownership and control over his businesses and assets from the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Larry J. Wszalek for the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz for the District of Massachusetts.

According to the indictment, Richard L. Furnelli, a former resident of Holyoke
and South Hadley, Massachusetts, evaded payment of his federal income taxes for
2006 through 2009, among other years, and also failed to file his federal
individual income tax returns for those years.

The indictment alleges that from 2006 through 2009, Furnelli earned more than $2
million in income. Furnelli operated or held substantial interest in Solid Gold
Inc. and Gold Club-SF LLC, which owned and operated the Gold Club, an adult
entertainment venue in San Francisco. These corporations allegedly earned annual
gross receipts ranging from $2.5 million to more than $10 million dollars.
During that time period, the indictment also alleges that Furnelli directed the
payment of his income to a nominee entity, RLF Ventures LLC, and utilized a bank
account held in a nominee name.

According to the plea documents, Furnelli has agreed to pay his outstanding
federal income taxes owed to the IRS for the years 1998 through 2009.

Furnelli faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine for tax evasion at his April 29, 2015, sentencing before U.S.
District Judge Michael A. Ponsor for the District of Massachusetts.

The case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation of the
Springfield, Massachusetts, Field Office. Trial Attorneys Mark S. McDonald and
Thomas G. Voracek of the Tax Division are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Hawaii: Massachusetts Businessman Involved in Adult Entertainment Industry
Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A Massachusetts businessman pleaded guilty to tax evasion for using nominee
entities to hide ownership and control over his businesses and assets from the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Larry J. Wszalek for the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz for the District of Massachusetts.

According to the indictment, Richard L. Furnelli, a former resident of Holyoke
and South Hadley, Massachusetts, evaded payment of his federal income taxes for
2006 through 2009, among other years, and also failed to file his federal
individual income tax returns for those years.

The indictment alleges that from 2006 through 2009, Furnelli earned more than $2
million in income.  Furnelli operated or held substantial interest in Solid Gold
Inc. and Gold Club-SF LLC, which owned and operated the Gold Club, an adult
entertainment venue in San Francisco.  These corporations allegedly earned
annual gross receipts ranging from $2.5 million to more than $10 million
dollars.  During that time period, the indictment also alleges that Furnelli
directed the payment of his income to a nominee entity, RLF Ventures LLC, and
utilized a bank account held in a nominee name.

According to the plea documents, Furnelli has agreed to pay his outstanding
federal income taxes owed to the IRS for the years 1998 through 2009.

Furnelli faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine for tax evasion at his April 29, 2015, sentencing before U.S.
District Judge Michael A. Ponsor for the District of Massachusetts.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Prosecutors say defendants took Advantage

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 535 words


Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Allyn warned jurors in a Minneapolis courtroom
Tuesday that they would be wading through bank statements, invoices and other
records in the trial of a former Twin Cities couple and their friend who
allegedly participated in an elaborate kickback scheme.

But the paperwork boils down to a case of a couple of employees stealing from
their employer and then concealing the money from the government to avoid paying
taxes, Allyn said.

"Greed and arrogance, that's why you are here today," she told jurors in the
courtroom of U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz.

Clayton "Craig" Hogeland, 41, now of Aurora, Texas, and his friend Jeffrey Cole
Bennett, 51, of Arlington, Tenn., are charged with a mail fraud and money
laundering conspiracy and tax evasion. Hogeland's wife, Jennifer Rose Hogeland,
38, faces charges of aiding and abetting tax evasion.

Prosecutors say Craig Hogeland and Jeffrey Bennett defrauded their employer,
Advantage Transportation of Eagan, of more than $660,000.

Allyn described the alleged scheme. She said Hogeland hired Bennett to set up an
office for Advantage in Memphis. He created four companies -- three of them
shams -- and had them bill Advantage Transportation for products, most of which
were never provided. Hogeland approved payment and Bennett paid the Hogelands
kickbacks, which Jennifer deposited into their bank accounts.

Allyn showed jurors photos of addresses where Bennett's firms supposedly were
located, including a trailer in Arizona where his parents lived.

Craig Hogeland also allegedly set up a phony consultant scheme, paying two
American Airlines workers $25 to $50 a load for anything they shipped via
Advantage, Allyn said.

Defense attorneys told jurors a different tale brimming with retribution by a
spurned boss, and a rough-and-tumble shipping industry rife with what they
called "brother-in-law deals" that reward fixers for arranging contracts.

"This prosecution is the biggest double-cross you ever saw," said John Brink,
who represents Craig Hogeland.

Craig Hogeland was general manager of Advantage Transportation, which connects
freight companies with trucking firms nationwide. It's part of the Dart Transit
Co. founded in 1934 by Earl Oren.

Brink said profits tripled at Advantage in the several years that Hogeland led
the company. But when he left to start his own competing firm in Dallas six
years ago, Advantage president Don Oren, 80, vowed to crush him, Brink said.
"It's a highly competitive business and it's run by tough guys," he said.

James Thomas, one of several attorneys from Memphis representing Bennett, asked
jurors whether such capable businessmen would leave such an ample paper trail if
they were engaged in fraud. He said every business Bennett created had a
legitimate purpose, and every payment authorized by the company.

Attorney Daniel Gertz, of Minneapolis, told jurors that his client, Jennifer
Hogeland, is a homemaker who takes care of her son from a previous relationship
and two adopted children, ages 6 and 8. The government is accusing her of
breaking the law because she paid more attention to the process of adopting two
children than she did to her tax forms, Gertz said.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Prosecutors say defendants took Advantage

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 535 words


Assistant U.S. Attorney Julie Allyn warned jurors in a Minneapolis courtroom
Tuesday that they would be wading through bank statements, invoices and other
records in the trial of a former Twin Cities couple and their friend who
allegedly participated in an elaborate kickback scheme.

But the paperwork boils down to a case of a couple of employees stealing from
their employer and then concealing the money from the government to avoid paying
taxes, Allyn said.

"Greed and arrogance, that's why you are here today," she told jurors in the
courtroom of U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz.

Clayton "Craig" Hogeland, 41, now of Aurora, Texas, and his friend Jeffrey Cole
Bennett, 51, of Arlington, Tenn., are charged with a mail fraud and money
laundering conspiracy and tax evasion. Hogeland's wife, Jennifer Rose Hogeland,
38, faces charges of aiding and abetting tax evasion.

Prosecutors say Craig Hogeland and Jeffrey Bennett defrauded their employer,
Advantage Transportation of Eagan, of more than $660,000.

Allyn described the alleged scheme. She said Hogeland hired Bennett to set up an
office for Advantage in Memphis. He created four companies -- three of them
shams -- and had them bill Advantage Transportation for products, most of which
were never provided. Hogeland approved payment and Bennett paid the Hogelands
kickbacks, which Jennifer deposited into their bank accounts.

Allyn showed jurors photos of addresses where Bennett's firms supposedly were
located, including a trailer in Arizona where his parents lived.

Craig Hogeland also allegedly set up a phony consultant scheme, paying two
American Airlines workers $25 to $50 a load for anything they shipped via
Advantage, Allyn said.

Defense attorneys told jurors a different tale brimming with retribution by a
spurned boss, and a rough-and-tumble shipping industry rife with what they
called "brother-in-law deals" that reward fixers for arranging contracts.

"This prosecution is the biggest double-cross you ever saw," said John Brink,
who represents Craig Hogeland.

Craig Hogeland was general manager of Advantage Transportation, which connects
freight companies with trucking firms nationwide. It's part of the Dart Transit
Co. founded in 1934 by Earl Oren.

Brink said profits tripled at Advantage in the several years that Hogeland led
the company. But when he left to start his own competing firm in Dallas six
years ago, Advantage president Don Oren, 80, vowed to crush him, Brink said.
"It's a highly competitive business and it's run by tough guys," he said.

James Thomas, one of several attorneys from Memphis representing Bennett, asked
jurors whether such capable businessmen would leave such an ample paper trail if
they were engaged in fraud. He said every business Bennett created had a
legitimate purpose, and every payment authorized by the company.

Attorney Daniel Gertz, of Minneapolis, told jurors that his client, Jennifer
Hogeland, is a homemaker who takes care of her son from a previous relationship
and two adopted children, ages 6 and 8. The government is accusing her of
breaking the law because she paid more attention to the process of adopting two
children than she did to her tax forms, Gertz said.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday

Feds: Stanford law school grad failed to pay taxes on prostitution earnings

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz Mercury News

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; Crime; News; State; Local

LENGTH: 270 words


A Stanford law school graduate suspected of paying off her costly student loans
by running a high-priced escort service has now been hit with federal tax
evasion charges.

In court papers filed Tuesday in San Jose federal court, prosecutors allege that
Cristina Warthen failed to pay taxes on more than $133,000 she earned as a
prostitute in 2003, jetting off as a call girl for clients in Washington, D.C.,
Chicago, New York and other cities. The government has charged her with felony
tax evasion for failing to pay about $25,000 in federal income taxes.

Warthen's business as a reputed high-priced hooker was first revealed several
years ago, when the federal government searched her then-home in Oakland and
seized more than $61,000 in cash suspected to be linked to her escort business.
Court papers allege that starting in 2001, Warthen, then Cristina Schultz, used
the name "Brazil'' and advertised her escort services on a Web site,
TouchofBrazil.net .

Since then, the 34-year-old Schultz married David Warthen, the wealthy
co-founder of the online search engine Ask Jeeves, now known as Ask.com . In a
prior court fight over the seized cash, Warthen's lawyers insisted he gave the
money to his then-girlfriend for "vacations, wedding and/or honeymoon.''

Brian Getz, Cristina Warthen's attorney, declined comment on the charges. But he
told the Mercury News in 2006 that it was easier for the government to target
her for tax fraud than prostitution. "We never conceded she was an escort,'' he
said then.

Warthen is scheduled to appear in court Oct. 16.

Contact: Howard Mintz at hmintz@mercurynews.com or (408) 286-0236.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 8, 1989, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS PEOPLE: BASEBALL;
Rose Friend Released

SECTION: Section 1; Page 49, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 168 words


Thomas P. Gioiosa, a former housemate of the Cincinnati Reds manager, Pete Rose,
indicted on charges of tax evasion and conspiracy to distribute cocaine, was
released yesterday in Boston on $20,000 bond.

Gioiosa, 31 years old, was allowed to leave with his family and girlfriend after
United States Magistrate Patti Saris approved the terms of his release, which
was secured when Gioiosa's parents used their house in New Bedford, Mass., to
raise the bond.

A five-count indictment, returned Thursday in Cincinnati, accused Gioiosa of
income tax evasion for the years 1985 and 1986. It charged that he conspired
with others to arrange cocaine deliveries from Florida to Cincinnati between
January 1985 and January 1987.

At the instruction of his attorney, Michael Andrews, Gioiosa refused to answer
when he was asked if the charges against him were an attempt by Federal
authorities to get at Rose, whose suspected gambling activities are under
investigation by the baseball commissioner's office.(AP)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            June 20, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Drive Edition

ENID ;
Woman enters tax evasion plea

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 394 words


A Garfield County woman pleaded guilty Tuesday to tax evasion after she
embezzled tens of thousands of dollars from her employer.

Margaret Renee Schram acknowledged she did not file a tax return in 2002, when
she took in about $80,000 more than the $19,000 salary listed on the W-2 form
she had prepared for herself.

Schram, 38, was office manager for Grant Construction in Enid between January
2000 and January 2003 when she embezzled as much as $200,000.

The Carrier resident was indicted in March on 16 counts of tax crimes and wire
fraud. She allegedly did not file income tax returns, prepared false tax
documents for her employer and used a company credit card to pay personal
expenses, including a cruise and hotel rooms in five different states, according
to court papers.

Schram pleaded guilty in federal court in Oklahoma City to one count of tax
evasion. The other charges will be dismissed as part of a plea agreement with
prosecutors.

Schram will have to pay more than $278,000 in restitution to Grant Construction
and the Internal Revenue Service under the terms of the deal.

Schram faces up to five years in prison when she is sentenced in a few months.

WOODWARD

Film traces deadliest tornado's trail

The state's deadliest tornado is the subject of an Oklahoma film company's
documentary. Quiet Sight Productions' "On the Trail of a Killer," chronicles the
events of the 1947 Woodward tornado, which killed 116 people.

Photos of the storm's aftermath and the only known footage of the tornado will
be included in the trailer for the film, which will be shown at 10:30 a.m.
Thursday at 10:30 a.m. at the Plains Indians and Pioneers Museum.

The tornado hit Woodward at 8:42 p.m. April 9, 1947 with no warning, although it
started in Canadian, Texas. The storm played an influential part of diagnosing
the issue of communication during storms.

The film's producers will be available afterward to answer questions and visit
with the public from 10 a.m. to noon.

TULSA

Man charged in fatal shooting

Prosecutors have filed a first-degree murder charge in connection with a deadly
shooting that occurred March 3. Lyndell Dabney is charged in the shooting death
of Demonzo Washington outside an abandoned house in Tulsa.

Authorities said Washington was shot in the head.

Contributing: Staff Writers Brian Sargent, Jay F. Marks, Jennifer Jackson and
Monica Springer

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: Staff Writers Brian Sargent, Jay F. Marks, Jennifer Jackson
and Monica Springer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 2, 1998 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Clintons' friend on $1.3m tax charges;
* HUBBELL TROUBLE

BYLINE: JENNIFER HEWETT and agencies

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 466 words


Webster Hubbell, the long-time confidant of President Clinton and former law
partner of Hillary Rodham Clinton, has been indicted on charges that he failed
to pay more than $US850,000 ($1.3 million) in taxes and penalties over the past
four years.

An indictment of 10 counts - conspiracy, tax evasion and mail fraud - said that
Mr Hubbell should have paid more taxes on hundreds of thousands of dollars he
received, largely from President Clinton's political supporters, for doing
"little or no work".

Sources in the Whitewater investigation have always suggested that payment for
this vaguely designed consulting work was really intended as hush money to
dissuade Hubbell from talking about the Clintons to the special counsel, Mr
Kenneth Starr.

The charges present a new political embarrassment to the Clintons, who first met
Hubbell when they took the Arkansas Bar exam together.

The main purpose of the indictment seems to be to persuade Hubbell to co-operate
with prosecutors.

Hubbell worked with Mrs Clinton in the Arkansas law firm handling some of the
real estate transactions that triggered the Whitewater inquiry. Mrs Clinton was
forced to give hours of videotaped testimony to a grand jury again last weekend.

But Mr Starr's tough tactics have again raised questions about whether he is
going too far. Prosecutors also charged Hubbell's wife and his accountant and
tax lawyer with conspiracy, tax evasion and impeding the Internal Revenue
Service.

Hubbell has already served 21 months in jail after being convicted of defrauding
his former law clients, which came to light in 1993 largely because the Clintons
asked him to come to Washington to be number three at the Justice Department.

Hubbell resigned, pleaded guilty and agreed to co-operate with prosecutors in
return for a reduced sentence.

But he seemed to suffer memory losses at around the same time that the White
House started suggesting the idea of consulting work for him to Democratic
donors. This led to a new investigation.

The indictment says he and his wife earned more than $US1 million between 1994
and 1997, including $US100,000 from the Indonesian-based Riady family who were
so generous to Mr Clinton. The Hubbells paid less than $30,000 in taxes.

Hubbell's lawyer, Mr John Nields, said ordinary Americans would never have been
charged in such a case and that his client was being punished because Mr Starr's
staff was unhappy with his co-operation.

In his first full-scale news conference of the year - before the indictment
became public - the President strongly rejected any idea that he bore any
personal responsibility for the legal problems and costs incurred now by so many
of the Clintons' associates.

"If there is one person in the world I am not responsible for, it's Mr Starr . .
. and his behaviour," he said tartly.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS:Taxing time . . . Webster Hubbell, the President's friend.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 3, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

SECOND TRIAL OF U.S. JUDGE IN NEVADA ON TAX EVASION CHARGE

BYLINE: By WALLACE TURNER

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: RENO, Nev., Aug. 2


The second trial of Federal District Judge Harry E.  Claiborne opened today with
a prosecutor saying that the judge had purposely understated his income for 1979
and 1980 by more than $100,000 to avoid Federal taxes.

''We will prove to you that his statements of income were intentionally false,''
the prosecutor, William Hendricks, told the jury.

Judge Claiborne, of Las Vegas, is charged with two counts of tax evasion. He is
also accused of filing a false financial declaration by omitting a $75,000 loan
from the financial disclosure form for 1978 that he filed under the Ethics in
Government Act.

Oscar B. Goodman of Las Vegas, the chief defense lawyer, told the jury that the
judge's tax returns unquestionably understated his income but that the fault
rested with the people who prepared the returns.

Money a Gift, Defense Says


''It is our position that if Judge Claiborne made full disclosure to his tax
preparers, then Judge Claiborne satisfied his obligation and there is no
criminal intent shown,'' Mr. Goodman said.

Mr. Goodman told the jury that the $75,000 involved in the alleged false
financial statement was a gift, not a loan, and did not require listing.

The second trial of Judge Claiborne opened with much less tension and excitement
than did the first one on March 12. Then the interest centered as much on Joe
Conforte, a Nevada brothel operator, as on Judge Claiborne.

This time Mr. Conforte is not involved because the Government in June dismissed
the four counts of the Dec. 8, 1983, indictment in which Mr. Conforte's evidence
was involved. Mr. Conforte is now serving a sentence in a Federal instittion.

Judge Claiborne's first trial ended on April 13 when the jury was unable to
agree.

Testimony by Conforte


In that trial Mr. Conforte said he had paid Judge Claiborne $30,000 to get the
judge to block a vote-fraud investigation that involved some of Mr. Conforte's
prostitutes.

Mr. Conforte also testified that he gave Judge Claiborne $55,000 to influence
appellate judges to return a favorable ruling in Mr. Conforte's appeal of income
tax convictions of him and his wife. His wife, Sally Conforte, manages their
brothel, the Mustang Ranch, outside Reno.

When the appeals court upheld the convictions in 1980, Mr. Conforte fled to Rio
de Janeiro. He returned in November 1983 as a witness against Judge Claiborne.

In return for his testimony, the Government arranged for his five-year sentence
to be reduced to 15 months. He is serving the sentence concurrently with a
15-month sentence imposed by a state court here for attempted bribery of a
Nevada district attorney.

Jurors in the first trial later told reporters that Mr. Conforte was not a
convincing witness. In addition, the defense presented evidence that
contradicted Mr. Conforte's testimony of the times and places of meetings he
said he had with Judge Claiborne at which Mr. Conforte said the bribes were
paid.

Reporters were told by jurors at the first trial that only two or three jurors
voted for conviction on the charges based on Mr. Conforte's testimony.

Senior Federal District Judge Walter E. Hoffman of Norfolk, Va., is presiding at
this trial, as he did at the first. He has ordered the jurors sequestered at a
hotel when they are not in court and has ordered Saturday sessions.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Hall of Fame Racing merges with Yates

LENGTH: 671 words


Hall of Fame Racing became the latest NASCAR team to use a merger to stave off
collapse, aligning Tuesday with Yates Racing to keep its operation running into
the new season.

The team quickly signed former Cup Series champion Bobby Labonte to drive the
No. 96 Ford, which will operate out of Yates' shop, and it secured primary
sponsorship from search engine Ask.com.

Ask also signed on as "the official search engine of NASCAR" in two separate
deals that bring new money into NASCAR at a time most of the industry is
scouring the crumbling economic market for funding. Ask also is exploring
marketing, at-track displays and media opportunities with various track
operators.

o Helio Castroneves is being replaced on Team Penske by Australian driver Will
Power -- at least until the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner's tax evasion trial
is resolved. Castroneves, who's pleaded innocent to charges of conspiracy and
tax evasion involving about $5.5 million in income stashed in offshore accounts,
is scheduled to go to trial MArch 2 in Miami, just over a month before the
IndyCar season begins.

o Carlos Sainz of Spain won his fourth consecutive stage in Dakar Rally to keep
his overall lead after a day of racing in the world's driest desert.

College basketball

o Nikola Kecman, a transfer who had played well in his only appearance for Ohio
State, will miss the rest of the season after tearing the anterior cruciate
ligament in his left knee during a practice Monday.

o Kansas guard Mario Little is going to play out the season instead of applying
for a medical hardship because of injuries that caused him to miss the first 12
games.

o Louisiana Tech forward Kenny Cooper was suspended for the remainder of the
season for repeatedly violating team rules.

Pro basketball

o Washington Wizards center Etan Thomas has a torn ligament in his left knee,
will be sidelined indefinitely and will be re-evaluated in two weeks.

o Golden State Warriors guard Marco Belinelli will be sidelined at least 10 days
after spraining his right ankle last weekend.

Boxing

o Former featherweight champion Robert Guerrero will fight Edel Ruiz on Jan. 24
in Los Angeles, ending a nearly 11-month layoff due to a dispute with his former
promoter.

Gymnastics

o Beijing silver medalist Bridget Sloan and bronze medalists Joseph Hagerty,
Benoit Caranobe of France and Fabien Hambuechen of Germany are among 12
Olympians scheduled to compete at next month's American Cup.

High schools

o Texas' massive high school steroid testing program shows the state doesn't
have a problem and lawmakers should consider scaling it down in cost and scope,
Gov. Rick Perry said. The $6 million program first passed in 2007 aims to test
up to 50,000 public school athletes by the end of June. The first 10,000 tests
revealed only four positive tests of steroid use.

Horse racing

o The president of Hill 'n' Dale Farms says multiple graded stakes-winning filly
Indyanne has been euthanized after breaking an ankle during a race last month.

Soccer

o The New York Red Bulls traded midfielder Dave van den Bergh to FC Dallas for
forward Dominic Oduro and a second-round selection in Thursday's MLS Draft. The
teams also swapped first-round picks.

Tennis

o The ATP and WTA tours will offer fans the chance to see more professional
tennis matches live on the Internet this year. The men's and women's
professional tours announced the creation of TennisTV.com, offering streaming
video from 41 events, including the Masters series and the season-ending
championships, but excluding the four Grand Slam tournaments.

o Top-seeded Serena Williams and No. 2 Dinara Safina made short work of their
second-round opponents to move into the Sydney International quarterfinals.

o The last of the seeded players was knocked out of the Hobart International
when Flavia Pennetta of Italy was beaten, 7-5, 6-3, by Slovakia's Magdalena
Rybarikova.

o Qualifiers John Isner and Bobby Reynolds completed an American sweep of
first-round singles matches at the Heineken Open tennis tournament.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday

Ohio man guilty of tax evasion in case with ex-city councilman: Thomas L. Root
conspired with the Rev. Francis D. McCracken to avoid paying taxes on
commissions earned at WTVE of Reading, a federal jury decides.

BYLINE: Holly Herman, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


Apr. 3--An Ohio man has been convicted in federal court of conspiring with the
Rev. Francis D. McCracken to evade paying tax on about $603,000 in commissions
they improperly earned at a Reading-based television station from 2000 to 2004.

Thomas L. Root, 54, of Norwalk also was convicted in U.S. District Court in
Philadelphia of failing to disclose $210,000 in income from 2001 to 2003.

Root was special projects director for WTVE Channel 51, Reading Broadcasting
Inc., 1729 N. 11th St.

Root, a disbarred attorney who commuted to Reading from his home in Ohio, was
also convicted of conspiracy and tax evasion.

The jury deliberated for two hours after a weeklong trial before Judge Berle M.
Shiller.

Sentencing has been scheduled in June; Root faces a 10-year prison sentence,
authorities said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Manisha M. Sheth said Wednesday that Root and McCracken
did not disclose they were receiving commissions for selling air time.

The independent station broadcast McCracken's religious show, "Air Gospel,"
which was taped in McCracken's former church, St. James Chapel Church of God in
Christ, 11 S. Ninth St.

George Mattmiller, the station's general manager, declined comment.

Neither Root nor McCracken testified during Root's trial.

Root's attorneys, Bradley D. Barbin and Karl H. Schneider of Columbus, Ohio,
argued that Root's personal expenses on the job were higher than his actual
earnings.

They asked the judge to overturn the jury's verdict, claiming the jury
improperly heard about McCracken's related case.

McCracken, 58, a Reading councilman from 1992-98, pleaded guilty to tax evasion
and other charges in December 2004. He served 30 months in prison.

Root evaded paying taxes on about $210,000 in income and conspired with
McCracken, who was president of WTVE, to evade paying tax on more than $603,000
of McCracken's income, authorities said.

Root was fired in January 2005 after the company lost $25 million, said George
L. Miller, a Reading Broadcasting Inc. trustee.

Miller said he was hired as a trustee Jan. 17, 2006, to operate the company
after it filed for bankruptcy in October 2005.

According to court records:

Root was employed by WTVE from September 1996 to January 2005.

McCracken directed that Root be paid commissions for selling air time even
though Root had nothing to do with that duty.

Root improperly received $94,000 in commissions, and McCracken improperly
received $509,000 in commissions.

The two diverted commissions and income from legal research to two shell
companies from 2000 to 2004.

McCracken was sentenced May 20, 2005, after pleading guilty to tax evasion and
improperly obtaining a $120,000 cash advance on a $480,000 loan to renovate the
church.

McCracken was indicted in an FBI probe of Philadelphia corruption in which his
friend, ex-Philadelphia Treasurer Corey Kemp, formerly of Exeter Township, was
charged with corruption and stealing from the church.

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080403-RE-Ohio-man-guilty-of-tax-evasion
-in-case-with-ex-city-councilman-0403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Missouri Tax Preparation Business Owner Indicted for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 357  words


The owner of a St. Louis, Missouri, tax return preparation business was arrested
today after a federal grand jury sitting in St. Louis  returned an indictment on
February 18 charging two counts of tax evasion, announced Acting Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Departments Tax Division.

According to the indictment, from 2005 to 2011, Semere Tsehaye, 38, was the
owner and operator of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations
operating in and around East Saint Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; Kansas
City and Saint Louis, Missouri.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial LLC, a
nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.  Tsehaye
owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named A&S Tax
Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises, LLC (ERI).

During the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye generated fraudulent financial summaries
that understated the gross receipts generated by A&S and ERI and provided them
to his tax return preparer.  Tsehayes tax return preparer used these financial
summaries to prepare Tsehayes individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then
filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in
that they underreported A&S and ERIs gross receipts by a total of approximately
$506,000 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011.

If convicted, Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine on each count of tax evasion.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed.  Defendants are
presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

Acting Assistant Attorney Ciraolo commended special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, who investigated the case and Senior Litigation Counsel Corey
Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax Division, who are prosecuting
the case.  Acting Assistant Attorney Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorneys
Office for the Eastern District of Missouri for their assistance.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Massachusetts Businessman Involved in Adult Entertainment Industry Pleads Guilty
to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: Boston


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts has issued the
following press release:

A Massachusetts businessman pleaded guilty to tax evasion for using nominee
entities to hide ownership and control over his businesses and assets from the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS), announced Acting Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Larry J. Wszalek for the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz for the District of Massachusetts.

According to the indictment, Richard L. Furnelli, a former resident of Holyoke
and South Hadley, Mass., evaded payment of his federal income taxes for 2006
through 2009, among other years, and also failed to file his federal individual
income tax returns for those years.

The indictment alleges that from 2006 through 2009, Furnelli earned more than $2
million in income. Furnelli operated or held substantial interest in Solid Gold
Inc. and Gold Club-SF LLC, which owned and operated the Gold Club, an adult
entertainment venue in San Francisco. These corporations allegedly earned annual
gross receipts ranging from $2.5 million to more than $10 million dollars.
During that time period, the indictment also alleges that Furnelli directed the
payment of his income to a nominee entity, RLF Ventures LLC, and utilized a bank
account held in a nominee name.

According to the plea documents, Furnelli has agreed to pay his outstanding
federal income taxes owed to the IRS for the years 1998 through 2009.

Furnelli faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine for tax evasion at his April 29, 2015 sentencing before U.S.
District Judge Michael A. Ponsor.

The case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation of the
Springfield, Massachusetts, Field Office. Trial Attorneys Mark S. McDonald and
Thomas G. Voracek of the Tax Division are prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                WMI Company News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

US courts allow IRS to identify Norwegians suspected of tax evasion

LENGTH: 190 words


The US Department of Justice has said that the federal courts in six US states
have ordered allowing the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to serve so-called
"John Doe" summonses on US banks seeking information about unknown individuals
who have used certain credit or debit cards in Norway.

At the request of the Norwegian government, the orders were issued over the last
week in lawsuits filed by the IRS in Minnesota, Texas, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma,
Virginia and California.

In total, 18 US financial institutions are identified in the government's court
filings. The filings do not allege that these financial institutions have
violated any US laws with respect to these accounts.

Kathryn Keneally, assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's tax
division, said: "The Department of Justice and the IRS are committed to working
with our treaty partners to fight tax evasion wherever it occurs. All taxpayers
should know that our efforts in this area are global, coordinated and will
continue."

The Justice Department said that the lawsuits are part of ongoing international
efforts to stop tax evasion through the use of foreign accounts.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 World Market Intelligence Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

Woman gets 41-month sentence for embezzling funds from Lafayette employer

BYLINE: By Erin Ivie eivie@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 299 words


OAKLAND -- A Southern California woman was sentenced to 41 months in prison
Wednesday for a tax evasion and embezzlement scheme that defrauded the IRS and a
Lafayette-based real estate firm of nearly $2 million, attorneys said.

Kristie Gale Meyer, 56, of Woodland Hills, was ordered to pay $1.3 million in
restitution for her role in a complex scheme to defraud her employer,
Lafayette-based Ansil Realty & Investment, and its partner, KLP Properties,
United States Attorney Melinda Haag said. In addition, Meyer must pay $584,092
to the IRS for three years of continuous tax evasion.

While working as Ansil's secretary, office manager and bookkeeper, Meyer paid
her own credit card bills through the company's bank account, withdrew cash
advances for her own use and used company money on online gambling websites,
according to the plea agreement. She also made deposits directly to her own bank
account and wrote checks out of the company's accounts for her own purchases.

According to Haag, Meyer tried to hide the activity by destroying copies of the
fraudulent checks and then entering the transactions into the companies'
accounting system to make them look like legitimate business expenditures.

Meyer also admitted to dodging a large part of the income tax she owed from 2006
to 2008 by filing returns claiming her taxable income was far less than what she
was really earning, Haag said.

Meyer pleaded guilty on Nov. 21 to one count of mail fraud and one count of tax
evasion following her 2010 indictment on 10 counts of wire fraud and three
counts of tax evasion, Haag said. U.S. District Court Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
sentenced Meyer to 41 months in prison followed by three years' supervised
release.

Contact Erin Ivie ateivie@bayareanewsgroup.com . Follow her
atTwitter.com/erin_ivie .

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

FORMER LEGISLATOR WILL PLEAD GUILTY OF TAX EVASION

BYLINE: JAY WEAVER, Times/Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; THE BUZZ: ON FLORIDA POLITICS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 623 words


A former Fort Lauderdale politician who is the only elected official charged in
a major federal public corruption investigation of Tallahassee's "pay-to-play"
politics has decided to plead guilty to tax evasion offenses.

Mandy Dawson, who served in the Florida Legislature for 16 years, signaled her
intention to change her plea in court papers filed this week.

Dawson, 55, who had faced trial next month, obtained a judge's permission to
delay her plea until April 21 so she can get her personal finances and tax
records in order.

Dawson's decision will bring to a close the Justice Department's 5-year-old
investigation into influence peddling in Tallahassee, which revolved around
now-imprisoned Hollywood doctor Alan Mendelsohn, who doubled as a Republican
lobbyist and fundraiser.

Mendelsohn said in federal court that he funneled $82,000 to Dawson through her
former legislative aide, who was paid for a no-show job by one of the
physician's political action committees. The reason: So that Dawson, a Democrat,
would not oppose legislation supporting the medical profession.

Dawson faces up to five years in prison on each of the two tax evasion counts
and one year on each of three charges of failing to file a tax return.

The corruption investigation that centered on Mendelsohn dragged on for years
after the physician bragged in a 2007 FBI-recorded conversation that he
improperly influenced former Gov. Charlie Crist and other top state officials on
behalf of a Fort Lauderdale businessman who was under investigation for
financial fraud.

Crist and up to a dozen other officials were eventually cleared. In the end,
only two people were charged: Dawson and Mendelsohn.

Mendelsohn, who served on Crist's gubernatorial transition team in 2007, started
a four-year prison sentence at a minimum security prison in South Carolina in
January, after pleading guilty to a single conspiracy charge of defrauding the
U.S. government.

* * *

A new look at prisons

Now that a South Florida senator has been placed in charge of a budget committee
overseeing prisons, a plan by Gov. Rick Scott's administration to close prisons
due to a shrinking inmate population is getting a fresh look.

Sen. Ellyn Bogdanoff, R-Fort Lauderdale, took the place of Sen. Mike Fasano,
R-New Port Richey, who was removed last week for strongly opposing a Senate
leadership-backed privatization plan of South Florida prisons.

Bogdanoff supports privatization. But she is not sold on a Department of
Corrections plan to close Broward Correctional Institution, a women's prison in
Pembroke Pines. "I have some concerns with some of the decisions that were
made," Bogdanoff says. "The next closest prison for females is 300 miles away.
Women a lot of times have children, and because they're only about 6 or 7
percent of the total inmate population, they don't have that many facilities.
... Is there an alternative? I don't know."

* * *

More points for fine arts

The grades bestowed annually upon Florida public schools don't consider how many
students take fine arts courses.

Sen. Nancy Detert thinks they ought to.

Detert, R-Sarasota, is sponsoring a bill that would award bonus points to
schools that increase the number of students taking arts and music classes.

The Senate Education Committee gave its stamp of approval Monday.

The Florida PTA, the Florida Education Association and the Florida Music
Educators Association all agreed.

The lone voice of opposition came from the Foundation for Florida's Future.

Executive Director Patricia Levesque said she supports participation in the fine
arts, but worried the measure would water down the school grading formula.

Times/Herald staff writers Steve Bousquet and Kathleen McGrory contributed to
this report.

- blogs.tampabay.com/buzz

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press (2003): Former state Sen. Mandy Dawson of Fort
Lauderdale served in the Legislature for 16 years. She faces up to five years in
prison for the tax violations. PHOTO: Sen. Ellyn Bogdanoff replaces Sen. Mike
Fasano on the panel.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 16, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

ROBERT B. ANDERSON, EX-TREASURY CHIEF, DIES AT 79

BYLINE: By ERIC PACE

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1042 words


Robert B. Anderson, the Texas-born lawyer who was Secretary of the Treasury from
1957 to 1961, died Monday at New York Hospital, a hospital spokesman said
yesterday.

Mr. Anderson was 79 years old and lived in Manhattan in recent years. Since the
1950's he maintained homes in the New York area.  A son, Gerald L. Anderson,
said yesterday that his father, who entered the hospital July 25, was suffering
from cancer of the esophagus and died from complications after surgery.

Conviction for Tax Evasion

Mr. Anderson rose to influential positions in government, business and finance,
serving as Navy Secretary, Deputy Secretary of Defense, and holding posts with
major corporations. But his career became clouded in later years by a brief
prison term for income tax evasion and operating an illegal offshore bank.

In 1987 he was sentenced to one month in prison and five months' house arrest
after pleading guilty in Federal District Court in Manhattan to the tax evasion
in 1983 and 1984 and to the offshore bank charge.

Last January, Mr. Anderson was disbarred by the Appellate Division of New York
State Supreme Court, which said the illegal banking had been unconscionable.

Robert Anderson was a Democrat when he supported Dwight D. Eisenhower for
President in 1952, but he switched parties in time for the 1956 elections and
remained a Republican. He developed a reputation as a quiet and efficient
administrator as Secretary of the Navy in 1953 and 1954 and as Deputy Secretary
of Defense in 1954 and 1955, .

Mr. Anderson became known as a conservative Treasury Secretary, putting a high
priority on preserving the value of the dollar rather than cutting taxes or
paying for additional outlays.

As Treasury Secretary, he became highly influential within the Eisenhower
Administration. It was on his recommendation that the President made an
important decision concerning the budget for the fiscal year 1961, deciding that
the projected surplus was to be used, not to cut taxes, but to pay off some of
the national debt.

Posts in Industry

Before serving in the Eisenhower Administration, Mr. Anderson held various posts
in Texas government. He resigned as Deputy Defense Secretary in 1955 to become
president of Ventures Ltd., a Canadian holding company with farflung
international interests, mainly in mining, until he was named Treasury
Secretary.

From 1961 to 1973 he was a limited partner in the New York-based investment
banking firm of Loeb, Rhoades & Co. He also held other posts and directorships
in business and finance and was an adviser to Phillips Petroleum, Texaco and
other oil companies.

He served as an economic adviser to the Sultan of Oman and worked as a
Manhattan-based lobbyist and consultant for the Rev. Sun Myung Moon's
Unification Church.

As Navy Secretary Mr. Anderson, at Eisenhower's behest, moved to end racial
segregation at Navy posts in Charleston, S.C., and Norfolk, Va. Eisenhower wrote
later that he felt gratitude and ''intense admiration'' for Mr. Anderson.

The historian Stephen E. Ambrose, in a 1984 book on the Eisenhower Presidency,
wrote that Mr. Anderson was Eisenhower's personal choice for his running mate as
Vice-Presidential candidate in the 1956 election, but that Mr. Anderson rejected
the idea.

Mr. Ambrose, in the second volume of his biography ''Eisenhower,'' also wrote
that Eisenhower urged Mr. Anderson to seek the Presidential nomination in 1960,
but that Mr. Anderson said no.

In the 1960's, Mr. Anderson carried out diplomatic tasks for President Lyndon B.
Johnson, who was also a friend, including leading a commission that negotiated
new treaties involving the Panama Canal.

Two decades later, when Mr. Anderson was sentenced to the prison term by Judge
Edmund L. Palmieri, he was also sentenced to five years' probation. Judge
Palmieri directed him to make restitution to victims of the bank operation who
had lost money on his advice. The judge said he was aware that Mr. Anderson had
been hospitalized for alcoholism 10 times since 1981, and he ordered Mr.
Anderson to enter an alcoholism treatment program.

Mr. Anderson had pleaded guilty to evading taxes on more than $127,000 in income
in 1983 and 1984 and operating an offshore bank in the British West Indies in
which investors lost more than $4 million.

A spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons, Gregory Bogdan, said yesterday in
Washington said that Mr. Anderson had served his sentence in Federal Prison Camp
at Allenwood, Pa., in August 1987. An official of the Federal Probation Office
in Manhattan, Joseph Veltre, said yesterday that his house arrest was completed
in January 1988.

When he was disbarred by the Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court
last January, the court order said: ''This is a sad but, we think, necessary end
to the legal career of one who has in times less beclouded by poor and corrupt
judgment served his country in high office.''

A lawyer for Mr. Anderson suggested in court in 1987 that his client's mind
might have been affected by the strain of caring for his wife, the former Ollie
Mae Rawlings, who long suffered from Alzheimer's disease and died in 1987. They
were married in 1935.

In the years after Mr. Anderson left the Cabinet, his activities included
serving as a partner in Robert B. Anderson & Company, an investment house, and
as chairman of the American Gas & Chemical Company. Among the companies of which
he was a director were Pan American World Airways and Goodyear Tire & Rubber.

Robert Bernerd Anderson was born June 4, 1910, in Burleson, Tex., the son of a
farmer. He graduated from Weatherford College in Weatherford, Tex., in 1927 and
earned a bachelor of laws degree from the University of Texas in 1932. That same
year he was elected to the Texas Legislature.

In the 1930's he served variously as a Texas legislator, an assistant Texas
attorney general, chairman of the Texas Unemployment commission, and state tax
and racing commissioner. In World War II he was a civilian aide to the Army
Secretary.

In addition to his son Gerald, of Greenwich, Conn., Mr. Anderson is survived by
two sisters, Ruth Smith of Godley, Tex., and Velma Pickens of Dallas; another
son, James, of Austin, Tex., and and three grandchildren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Robert B. Anderson (NYT/1987)

TYPE: Obituary

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 2, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MAN TERMED AN UNDERBOSS OF CRIME 'FAMILY' IS SEIZED

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 658 words


A man identified by law enforcement officials as the underboss of the Gambino
crime ''family'' was charged with tax evasion in a Federal indictment unsealed
yesterday in Manhattan.

He is Aniello Dellacroce, who was charged with evading taxes for 1980. The
indictment said his taxable income was ''substantially more'' than the $26,500
that he reported, but it did not specify the amount.

A team of Internal Revenue Service agents arrested Mr. Dellacroce Wednesday
night at the Ravenite social club in lower Manhattan, a club described as his
longtime headquarters.

More than a dozen other people, several of them identified as Gambino leaders,
were in the club at the time of the arrest, according to the agents. They said
Mr. Dellacroce did not resist arrest but ''appeared upset.''

After his arrest, Mr. Dellacroce, who is 70 years old, complained of chest pains
and was taken to Beekman Downtown Hospital, where he was listed in stable
condition. He remained in the hospital while Judge Robert J. Ward set his bail
at $1 million in Federal District Court.

A Denial by Lawyer


Barry Slotnick, a defense lawyer, said, ''I am assured by Mr. Dellacroce that he
is not guilty of the charge and that he will prove his innocence.''

If convicted, Mr. Dellacroce could face up to five years in prison for tax
evasion and three years for filing a false tax return. He gave his address as
232 Mulberry Street, near the club, but said he also lived on Staten Island.

Mr. Dellacroce was convicted of tax evasion in 1972 and received a five-year
sentence. Some of the agents who arrested him Wednesday had arrested him at the
same club in the 1972 case.

In 1972, a Federal prosecutor said Mr. Dellacroce was running the Gambino group
for Carlo Gambino, the reputed boss. Mr. Gambino died in 1976. The current boss,
identified by law enforcement officials as Paul Castellano, was indicted last
March on charges of participating in murders.

Mr. Dellacroce was described as the second-in-command of the Gambino group,
which is considered the nation's most powerful crime ''family.''

In a development related to the Mafia in Sicily, tighter security has been
imposed at the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan because of concern
that a ''hit team'' might try to kill prosecutors, agents and witnesses.

''Security in the building has been tightened already and will continue to be
tightened,'' the United States Attorney, Rudolph W. Giuliani, said yesterday. He
declined to comment on reports that his office had received information
indicating that the Sicilian Mafia had sent a team of assassins to the United
States.

Intelligence Reports


News organizations asked him about the reports, based in part on information
that the authorities had arrested three people from Sicily who were coming into
this country from Canada with a rifle and telescopic sight.

Federal authorities said they had previously received intelligence reports about
the possibility of assassination attempts aimed at participants in the
prosecution of Sicilian Mafia cases here. Mr. Giuliani's office is conducting a
major narcotics prosecution in which reputed Sicilian Mafia figures are charged
with smuggling huge amounts of heroin into this country.

The tighter security began two days ago, Mr. Giuliani said. ''I really don't
feel that I should comment on what the security arrangements are,'' he added.

When a reporter asked Mr. Giuliani if he felt ''jittery,'' he replied, ''No, I
don't feel jittery at all.''

Mr. Giuliani made his comments after reporters asked him why guards were using
more stringent procedures to admit visitors to the United States Attorney's
office building behind the Federal courthouse at Foley Square.

A guard stopped a group of reporters from entering the building through a
pedestrian bridge from the courthouse. The group was required to go through a
metal detector at the front entrance.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Vice President of the WineTasting Network Pleads Guilty to
Mail Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Martin Christopher Edwards of Napa, California, pleaded guilty yesterday to mail
fraud and tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Melinda Haag, FBI Special Agent
in Charge David J. Johnson, and Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
Special Agent in Charge José M. Martinez.

According to the plea agreement, while Edwards was the vice president and
general manager of the WineTasting Network (WTN), he created Dufrane Compliance
Trust, a fictitious entity that purported to provide compliance services to
wineries and wine retailers. Edwards directed WTN to make payments to the
Dufrane Compliance Trust totaling approximately $894,000. Edwards falsely
represented to WTN employees that these payments were for tax compliance
services rendered by Dufrane Compliance Trust, when, in fact, no such services
were rendered. He deposited those funds into an account that he controlled and
then used the money for his own personal expenses, including the purchase of a
BMW, vacations, meals, and a cruise. In addition, during tax years 2010, 2011,
and 2012, Edwards did not declare any of the fraudulently obtained funds on his
federal income tax returns.

The maximum statutory penalty for mail fraud in violation of Title 18, United
States Code, Section 1341, is a prison term of 20 years, and a fine of $250,000
or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense, plus restitution. The maximum
statutory penalty for tax evasion in violation of Title 26, United States Code,
Section 7201, is a prison term of five years, and a fine of $250,000, or twice
the gross gain or loss from the offense, plus restitution.

Edwards sentencing is scheduled for August 5, 2014, before the Honorable William
Alsup, United States District Court Judge in San Francisco.

Kim A. Berger and Arvon Perteet are the Assistant U.S. Attorneys who are
prosecuting the case with the assistance of Rawaty Yim and Bridget Kilkenney.
This prosecution is the result of an investigation by the FBI and the
IRS-Criminal Investigation Division.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 29, 2011 Friday

Brentwood sandwich shop owner sentenced to jail for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Roman Gokhman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 151 words


WALNUT CREEK -- A Brentwood man who owned seven Subway Sandwich stores was
sentenced to 120 days in jail after being convicted of tax evasion.

John Meza, 37, will also have to pay about $163,000, and his wife, a co-owner of
the businesses, was sentenced in Contra Costa Superior Court in Walnut Creek to
two years probation and 200 hours of community service.

Meza was found guilty of one felony count of income tax evasion and one felony
count of concealing property with intent to evade the collection of tax,
according to the California Franchise Tax Board.

Jessica Meza, 40, was found guilty of one misdemeanor count of income tax
evasion. John Meza will also serve three years of probation.

The two failed to file state income tax returns from 2004 through 2007 and did
not report more than $800,000 in income. In 2006, they opened a bank account
using phony Social Security numbers to hide their earnings.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 29, 2011 Friday

Brentwood sandwich shop owner sentenced to jail for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Roman Gokhman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


WALNUT CREEK -- A Brentwood man who owned seven Subway Sandwich stores was
sentenced to 120 days in jail after being convicted of tax evasion.

John Meza, 37, will also have to pay about $163,000, and his wife, a co-owner of
the businesses, was sentenced in Contra Costa Superior Court in Walnut Creek to
two years probation and 200 hours of community service.

Meza was found guilty of one felony count of income tax evasion and one felony
count of concealing property with intent to evade the collection of tax,
according to the California Franchise Tax Board.

Jessica Meza, 40, was found guilty of one misdemeanor count of income tax
evasion. John Meza will also serve three years of probation.

The two failed to file state income tax returns from 2004 through 2007 and did
not report more than $800,000 in income. In 2006, they opened a bank account
using phony Social Security numbers to hide their earnings.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Spicer man gets 4 1/2 years for tax evasion

BYLINE: West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 273 words


Apr. 30--MINNEAPOLIS -- A 71-year-old Spicer man was sentenced Thursday to 4 1/2
years in prison on two counts of tax evasion.

Robert Goris was convicted in March for not paying income taxes in 2002 and
2003.

Goris was convicted of tax evasion by a federal jury March 11 following an
eight-day trial. He was taken into federal custody immediately after sentencing.

According to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's office in Minneapolis,
Goris failed to pay more than $830,000 in income tax over the two-year period,
despite receiving more than $3.5 million in income in 2002 and more than
$400,000 in income in 2003. On his 2002 tax return, Goris reported his total tax
as zero and claimed a $15,000 refund, even though he knew he owed substantial
tax and wasn't entitled to a refund.

Goris failed to report more than $300,000 in income in 2003.

Evidence entered at the trial showed Goris developed schemes to evade taxes,
including creating companies owned by trusts, which, in reality, he controlled.

In one such instance, Goris arranged for portions of his income to be paid to
one of those companies and then transferred those funds into the trusts.

He then spent that money, failing to report it on his returns.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100430-YM-BRF-Spicer-man-gets-4-1-2-years-for-tax-evasion-0430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2010 West Central Tribune


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday

Wayland man pleads guilty to tax evasion: Miller says he has not paid any income
taxes since 1992.

BYLINE: John Mangalonzo, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Feb. 11--Paying taxes, no matter how hard it is for many, should not be taken
lightly.

Last week, a 68-year-old Wayland man pleaded guilty to two counts of income tax
evasion -- for 2003 and 2004 -- in federal court in Davenport.

Wayland is approximately 47 miles northwest of Burlington in Henry County.

In a written plea, Donald Dale Miller admitted he had neither filed a federal
income tax return nor paid any federal income tax since 1992. He also told a
judge he "willfully attempted to evade and defeat his taxes by attempting to
conceal the nature and extent of his assets and income such as placing title to
assets in names other than his own and by directing checks for income to be paid
in names other than his own."

Each of the counts carries a penalty of five years in prison, and federal
prosecutors say they will ask a judge to possibly reduce the potential term.

They noted, however, the court has the final say.

According to the plea agreement, Miller would pay fines and penalties associated
with taxes he owes the Internal Revenue Service. It was not disclosed how much
he evaded and what business, if any, or employment he has.

Miler is set to be sentenced June 4.

The federal grand jury indictment that originally charged him with five counts
of tax evasion was handed down to Miller last February

The United States Attorney's Office also said Richard Lowell Rosenquist, 56, of
Linden was recently sentenced to more than four years in prison for one count of
tax evasion and several additional counts of filing false documents and failing
to file a timely income tax return. He was convicted after a two-week trial in
September.

Rosenquist had been charged with not paying his obligations from 1995 to 1999
and interfering with the IRS' collection efforts by placing funds and property
in other people's names.

Prosecutors said Rosenquist filed false income tax returns in 2002, 2004 and
2005.

Another man, Patrick Murphy of Des Moines, recently pleaded guilty to
structuring currency transactions with the intent to evade federal currency
transaction report requirements.

Murphy, 60, told a federal judge from July to August of 2003, he withdrew money
from his bank in amounts slightly less than $10,000 for a total of $107,500 --
he said he knew all transactions involving cash $10,000 or higher must be
reported to the IRS.

Several other similar bank transactions totaling $93,400 followed.

Murphy had agreed, per the plea, to forfeit nearly $60,000 of the money to the
government.

"Each of these cases vindicates the vast majority of law-abiding Iowans, who
routinely comply with their tax obligations, even in difficult economic times,"
said United States Attorney Nicholas Klinefeldt. "These prosecutions also send a
strong message that appropriate action will be taken when individuals willfully
and deliberately evade their obligations under the law.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100211-QW-Wayland-man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-0211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                                 Copyright 2010


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           November 15, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hooters Founder's Fate Lies With Jury

BYLINE: MICHAEL SASSO, msasso@tampatrib.com

SECTION: MONEYSENSE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


LYNN 'L.D.' STEWART FACES CHARGES OF TAX EVASION

By MICHAEL SASSO

msasso@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- Lynn "L.D." Stewart helped found an international phenomenon, the
Hooters restaurant chain, which today has 375 restaurants from the Tampa Bay
area to Taiwan.

Along the way, the savvy businessman made millions of dollars for himself.

But was he just as savvy about his personal finances? On Monday, Stewart's
defense attorney in his federal tax-evasion trial asked jurors to believe that
Stewart was hands-off concerning his millions. It was Stewart's accountant who
devised illegal tax schemes that hid millions of Stewart's assets, not Stewart
himself, attorney John Fitzgibbons said.

A jury was unable to decide Monday whether the Palm Harbor man is guilty. U.S.
District Judge Susan Bucklew sent jurors home at 4:45 p.m. after four hours of
deliberation. The jury will reconvene today. Stewart faces two counts of income
tax evasion, each of which carries up to five years in prison, and two counts of
filing a false tax return, each of which carries up to a three-year term.

Stewart, 62, is accused of underreporting his income for 1997 and 1998. He and
five other partners founded the Hooters chain with one restaurant in Clearwater
in 1983. Sales for the chain took off, fueled by its waitresses' trademark short
shorts and tank tops. When Stewart sold his stake in the company in the
mid-1990s, he scored a financial windfall of at least $33 million, Assistant
U.S. Attorney Jay Hoffer said.

According to the federal government, Stewart earned more than $12 million in
1997 and 1998, but he claimed in his tax return that he earned about $910,000
during those two years. He failed to pay $1.7 million in income taxes for 1997
and $2.3 million for the following year, the government alleges.

The trial in U.S. District Court in Tampa has been going on for two weeks.
During closing statements Monday, Hoffer said Stewart was aware of the actions
by his accountant, Michael Maricle, as Maricle shuffled Stewart's money around
from trust fund to trust fund in an attempt to hide assets. At one point,
Maricle devised a scheme to move money into an account in a jungle area of the
Central American country of Belize, Hoffer said.

Despite the money shuffle, Hoffer said, you can't hide income behind a trust.
"Income is like your shadow. You can't avoid it," the prosecutor said. "It
always comes back to the person who earned it."

Fitzgibbons, though, characterized Stewart as the product of a farming community
in Illinois who went on to play football at the University of Illinois. He
achieved success in business but disdained the complexity of watching over his
personal finances. So, he left his financial affairs to his longtime friend and
accountant, Maricle.

Stewart did not realize that the complex system of trust funds that Maricle used
to hide his assets was illegal, Fitzgibbons said.

In one major revelation earlier in the trial, Maricle said in court that he
embezzled more than $900,000 from Stewart. Because Maricle was the government's
star witness against Stewart, Fitzgibbons repeatedly used Maricle's theft to
attack his credibility.

Reporter Michael Sasso can be reached at (813) 259-7865.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 27, 1999 Thursday

BYLINE: John MacDonald

LENGTH: 356 words


FARGO -- A follower of the Montana Freemen has pleaded guilty to tax evasion,
avoiding a trial in which a jailed Freemen leader was expected to testify. Avone
Kukla, 49, of Dickinson, pleaded guilty in Bismarck to one count of tax evasion
for failing to pay more than $57,000 in federal taxes from 1993 to 1995,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Cameron Hayden said Wednesday. Kukla was scheduled to go
on trial in federal court and had successfully subpoenaed jailed Montana Freemen
leader LeRoy Schweitzer to testify on his behalf.

""The U.S. marshals had started the paperwork authorizing the transportation of
Mr. Schweitzer to North Dakota,'' Hayden said. ""They were about to bring him
here (from Washington state) when we reached the plea agreement.'' Schweitzer,
of Belgrade, Mont., is serving a 22 year sentence for offenses including
conspiracy, bank fraud, threatening a federal judge, illegal possession of
firearms and participating in the armed robbery of an ABC TV news crew covering
the Freemen. The Freemen maintain they are sovereign people not subject to
federal or state laws. During their federal trials in Montana last year, they
disrupted proceedings and ended up watching much of the trial from their cells
via closed-circuit television cameras. Before their arrests in 1996, the Freemen
hosted classes at their compound near Jordan, Mont., where they taught others
how to write and issue bogus liens and worthless checks known as ""comptroller
warrants.'' Hayden said Kukla was one of hundreds of people from around the
country who attended those classes. In March 1996, Kukla sent the Internal
Revenue Service a comptroller warrant for $536,000, claiming it would more than
pay for taxes the IRS claimed he owed. Kukla demanded that any money left over
be refunded to him in cash, Hayden said. ""Obviously, the IRS didn't do that,
nor did they honor the bogus check,'' Hayden said. Under the plea agreement
reached with prosecutors, Kukla will be required to pay back taxes and could
face a maximum penalty of five years in prison. But Hayden said prosecutors will
seek a lesser sentence. Kukla will be sentenced in July.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1999 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Waynesville councilman gets probation for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Kristin McAllister Staff Writer

SECTION: MIAMISBURG WEST CARROLLTON MORAINE WAYNESVILLE AND LEBANON; Pg. RG-3

LENGTH: 349 words


DAYTON - A federal court on Jan. 7 sentenced Waynesville Councilman Richard
"Dick" Philpott to serve two years probation and 100 hours of community service
for income tax evasion.

United States District Judge Thomas M. Rose also ordered Philpott, 73, to pay
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service in an amount to be determined
through IRS civil proceedings.

Philpott could not be reached for comment.

Philpott pleaded not guilty in April 2008 to two counts of tax evasion on his
2000 and 2001 returns after being indicted in March that same year.

On Aug. 1, 2008, he admitted to one felony count of tax evasion on his 2000
federal income tax return.

According to court documents and testimony, Philpott in 2000 and 2001 sold
investment opportunities in two entities known as Advance Process Technologies
and New Process Technologies. He received commissions as a result of those sales
that constituted taxable income, according to the IRS.

Also during those two years, Philpott generated taxable receipts from his
involvement in a business venture known as Dayton Oklahoma Leasing and failed to
file federal income tax returns for the 2000 and 2001 income tax years.

IRS Criminal Investigation agents in 2006 contacted Philpott regarding his
failure to file the 2000 and 2001 tax returns, to which Philpott indicated that
commissions generated from both technologies companies were loans that he had to
repay.

According to the IRS, Philpott shortly thereafter directed his accountant to
prepare and file his 2000 and 2001 federal income tax returns, excluding income
generated from both technologies companies and the leasing company.

"The prosecution of individuals who intentionally conceal income and evade taxes
is a vital element in maintaining public confidence in our tax system," said
Jose A. Gonzalez, special agent in charge of the IRS Criminal Investigation
unit. "Honest taxpayers who file and pay their fair share of taxes deserve to
know that the tax laws are applied in a fair and just manner for all citizens."

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-9338 or kmcallister@DaytonDaily News.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 20, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'I LOST MY DIGNITY';
BASEBALL LEGEND PETE ROSE GETS PRISON FOR TAX EVASION;
Another kind of record now mars career

BYLINE: Erik Brady

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1011 words


Pete Rose has always been about numbers. The one we were supposed to remember
for all time was 4,256. No one in baseball has more hits.

Thursday, the numbers in Rose's life turned against him: Five months in prison
... three months in a halfway house ... 1,000 hours of community service ... $
50,000 fine.

Those are the numbers U.S. District Judge Arthur Spiegel read as he sentenced
Rose for income tax evasion.

''I think I'm perceived as a very aggressive, arrogant type of individual,''
said Rose, 49, before he was sentenced. ''I do want people to know I do have
emotions.''

His voice broke as he said, ''I lost my dignity, I lost my self- respect.'' And
again as he recounted how his 5-year-old son came home from school saying
''daddy is a jailbird.''

''Your honor,'' he added, ''I'd like to say I'm very sorry, very shameful to be
here today in front of you.''

After the sentencing, Rose sought the privacy of his home. But a friend says he
and wife Carol were broken up.

''He spent a lot of time up in his room crying. He's been beat up pretty good.
This is probably the first time he cried since he broke Ty Cobb's (career hits)
record,'' restaurateur Jeff Ruby told the Cincinnati Enquirer.

Rose is likely feeling the twin emotions of shame and guilt, says Alan Entin of
the American Psychological Association.

''Shame is an external emotion, the pressure a person feels at having been
caught and exposed,'' he says. ''Guilt is an internal emotion, the pressure a
person feels coming to terms with what he did. Both can contribute to
depression.''

Not so long ago Rose was on top of the world. The all-time hits leader was
manager of the Cincinnati Reds, baseball's oldest franchise and his hometown
team.

But early last year, then-baseball commissioner Bart Giamatti began an inquiry
into Rose's gambling habits that devolved into a tawdry, season-long saga. Fans
found out Peter Edward Rose was about the wrong kind of numbers - point spreads.

On Aug. 23, Rose was banished from the game he loved - kicked out for life. The
agreement under which he was banned said only that he gambled, but Giamatti said
at a news conference announcing the decision that Rose had bet on baseball,
including Reds games.

It seemed Rose hit his low point.

But on Aug. 10, he will enter prison, probably a medium-security federal
facility not far from the Ohio River in Ashland, Ky. - about 125 miles upriver
from Cincinnati's Riverfront Stadium on Pete Rose Way.

''This isn't like striking out and losing a game when the whole team counted on
you,'' says Maggie Scarf, author of Intimate Partners, Patterns in Love and
Marriage.

''This is striking out as a human being. ... It is the final humiliation in the
fall of a hero,'' she says.

Prosecutors say Rose concealed income to hide gambling debts from his tax
advisers. He has been treated since last fall for a ''clinically significant
gambling disorder.''

Rose is not the first sports hero to be sent to prison. Baseball players Denny
McLain, Orlando Cepeda and Joe Pepitone did time on charges including drugs, as
did football's Mercury Morris and Bob Hayes.

McLain, Cepeda and Pepitone played in World Series, Morris and Hayes in Super
Bowls. But none is as big a name as Pete Rose.

Other famous folks have done time in recent years, among them televangelist Jim
Bakker. ''He's doing fine now,'' says Norm Bakker, Jim's brother. ''He does a
lot of ceramics and things like that.

''At first he had a hard time being in jail, but I think he's resigned himself
to it now and is making the best of it. That would be my advice to Pete Rose,
too. Resign yourself to it and make the best of it.''

The Federal Correctional Institution at Ashland is an overcrowded, all- male
prison that opened in 1940. It has some cell blocks, but Rose would likely be
placed in a barracks-style dormitory. Inmates are given work assignments such as
washing dishes or doing laundry.

''Going to jail is a traumatic experience for anyone,'' says psychologist Entin,
''but it is doubly so for the well-to-do because the discrepancy between their
life of luxury and their life behind bars is so great.''

Thursday, the 200 or so seats in the walnut-paneled courtroom were taken mostly
by the media - even the jury box - though a few fans in the back cheered Rose's
arrival and hissed at prosecutors.

But outside court, Cincinnatians did not cheer Rose, whom some now see as a
common tax cheat. ''Fair is fair,'' says plumber Joe Sinnard. ''He did something
wrong.''

Did Rose do enough wrong to keep him out of the Hall of Fame? No sooner had he
been sentenced than people began to wonder how a prison term would affect his
chances; he's eligible for entry in 17 months.

Many baseball writers with votes say they couldn't vote for a convicted felon.
''I would not vote for him,'' says The Washington Post's Shirley Povich. ''I
think he would diminish the Hall of Fame.''

But Rose's chances may not be as bleak in December 1991 as they seem now. Fallen
heroes often become rehabilitated in the collective mind, which has a capacity
over time to forgive, if not forget.

Rose tried healing wounds Thursday. ''I lost some dear fans and I almost lost
some dear friends,'' he said. ''I hope somewhere, somehow in the future, I can
try to make it up.''

Today, Pete Rose goes under the knife - arthroscopic surgery for a knee injury
he suffered playing stickball at a family reunion Sunday.

Thursday, Pete Rose was under a sword - the Sword of Damocles that has hung by a
thread over his head for many months. Finally, it fell.

''It might be a sense of awful relief for him,'' says Scarf. ''He's been
suffering for so long, jail is just the final humiliation. Now he has the chance
to expiate - to say he's sorry, do his time and get on with life.''

The next number in Pete Rose's life will be the convict number issued to him in
prison. And for baseball's revered man of numbers - a player who always knew all
of his own statistics - nothing could be sadder than that.

 Contributing: Mike Dodd and John Fay

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Michael Williams, UPI (Pete Rose)

CUTLINE: 'FINAL HUMILIATION': Pete Rose leaves court in Cincinnati after being
sentenced to prison for tax evasion. Said Rose: 'I will serve my sentence, pay
my debt to society and get on with my life.'

TYPE: Cover Story

Accompanying story; Rose's tax woes

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 4, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Judge Given 2 Years in Tax Evasion

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: First Section; General News; Around the Nation; A39

LENGTH: 213 words

DATELINE: RENO, Nev.


U.S. District Court Judge Harry Claiborne was sentenced yesterday to two years
in prison for income tax evasion, becoming the first federal judge ordered to
prison for crimes committed while on the bench. His lawyers said they will
appeal the sentence.

Presiding Judge Walter E. Hoffman of Virginia sentenced Claiborne to concurrent
terms of two years on each of two counts of tax evasion. He also fined Claiborne
$10,000.

"It is a sorry day for you, Judge Claiborne, but it is even a sorrier day for
the federal judiciary," Hoffman said. He ordered Claiborne to serve his time at
a federal institution at Maxwell Air Force Base at Montgomery, Ala.

Claiborne, 67, was one of Nevada's most successful criminal defense lawyers when
he was named to the federal post in 1977. He claimed that the Justice Department
was out to get him because of his outspoken opposition to the tactics of federal
agents operating in Las Vegas. Government attorneys described him as "desperate
for money" after taking a drastic drop in income while maintaining a flamboyant
life style. His judicial salary was $73,100.

They said that, after becoming a judge, Claiborne received thousands of dollars
in past-due legal fees and loans that he did not declare on his income tax
returns.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday

HATCH AT-TAX THE FEDS

BYLINE: Post TV Staff

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 91

LENGTH: 266 words


RICHARD Hatch, the fat, naked guy who won the original season of "Survivor,"
pleaded innocent yesterday to tax evasion and other charges.

If convicted, he could face 75 years behind bars and millions of dollars in
fines.

"This is absurd," Hatch, 44, told reporters shortly before his federal court
appearance in a Providence, R.I., courtroom yesterday. "I'm not guilty."

Hatch has been charged with tax evasion, filing a false tax return, wire fraud,
bank fraud and mail fraud, and was released on $50,000 bond. A federal judge
yesterday restricted his travel to Rhode Island and Houston, where his lawyer's
office is located.

Hatch claims his latest legal woes are because the U.S. Attorney's Office has a
personal vendetta against him. He says it is because he walked away from an
earlier agreement he had made to plead guilty that would have landed him behind
bars for two years.

A grand jury indictment filed earlier this month said Hatch filed false 2000 and
2001 tax returns, omitting his income from the reality show, $327,000 he was
paid to co-host a radio show in Boston and $28,000 in rent on a property he owns
in Newport.

According to court papers, Hatch had two accountants prepare tax returns for
2000 that included his "Survivor" winnings, but he did not file them when he
learned he would owe hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes, the indictment
said.

The grand jury also accused Hatch of misusing $36,500 from Horizon Bound, a
nonprofit camp he set up.

"I've never taken a penny from a charity, and they know it. I've always paid my
taxes, and they know it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 3, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled by Marsha Sanguinette Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 664 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Graf's Father Arrested; Tax Evasion Suspected

Steffi Graf's father was arrested Wednesday on suspicion of tax evasion, said
state prosecutors in Frankfurt, Germany.

The arrest warrant was issued Monday, but was executed when authorities feared
Peter Graf, who is also his daughter's manager, might flee Germany to avoid
prosecution.

The arrest warrant said Mr. Graf did not file a tax return for four years, and
when he did, on estimated income of $ 25 million, he paid only one-fifth of that
income in taxes. In Germany, a 50 percent tax rate would be more normal in that
income bracket.

German newspapers reported last month that the tennis player and her father were
under investigation by tax inspectors. Graf's fortune from her 13-year tennis
career is estimated at $ 70 million. MISCELLANEOUS Ferguson, 45, Signs With CFL

Former National Football League quarterback Joe Ferguson, 45, has signed with
the San Antonio Texans of the Canadian Football League.

Ferguson, the oldest player in the league, may play Saturday against Memphis in
the Alamodome. A decision on whether to place him on the active roster will be
made by Friday.

George Blanda is the oldest quarterback in pro football history. He played 26
seasons and retired before the 1975 season at age 48.

Ferguson currently is a football commentator for the University of Arkansas,
where he starred. Ferguson has worked the past four years in real estate.

Florida football players Johnie Church, Teako Brown and Ernie Badeaux received
one-game suspensions for what coach Steve Spurrier described as "conduct
detrimental to the university."

The three will sit out the Gators' season-opener against Houston on Sept. 2.

Church, a senior defensive end, was charged with battery on his wife last week
after university police were called to his Gainesville home. Maria Church said
Tuesday she will not press charges.

Brown, a freshman safety, was charged with aggravated battery in May after
allegedly slapping his girlfriend and throwing her to the ground.

That case is under investigation.

Badeaux, a freshman defensive lineman from River Ridge, La., was suspended for
undisclosed reasons.

Scott Moore of Collinsville shot 2-under-par 68 and is 2 shots off the lead
after the second round at the American Junior Golf Association boys championship
in Irving, Texas. At 141, Moore trails leader Edward Loar of Rockwall, Texas,
(68-71-139) at the Four Seasons Resort and Club Tournament Players course.
Phillip Caravia of Belleville is at 73-71-144.

Hall of Fame pitcher Robin Roberts will speak and offer autographs at the B-R-S
baseball museum at Nokomis, Ill., Monday night, 6 to 8. Nokomis, about 80 miles
from St. Louis, can be reached by Interstate 55 north to Litchfield, then east
on 16.

Ivan Pedroso's world record remained in doubt two days before the World
Championships in Goteborg, Sweden, when track officials agreed to look at video
evidence that could show it may have been wind assisted after all. The Cuban
leaped 29 feet 4 3/4 inches at a meet in Sestriere, Italy, on Saturday.

The New York Rangers signed free agent right wing Wayne Presley from the Buffalo
Sabres.  Presley, 30, scored 14 goals and added five assists in 46 games last
season. Presley is third on the Sabres' career list for short-handed scoring
with 11 goals.

Kevin Stevens, a high-scoring left wing for Pittsburgh, was traded to the Boston
Bruins.

In exchange for Stevens and center Shawn McEachern, the Penguins will get center
Bryan Smolinski and right wing Glen Murray.

Stevens, 30, said another year was added to his four-year contract and the
Bruins had agreed to pay him about $ 3 million annually.

Stevens played only 27 games last season because of a broken ankle. He had 15
goals and 12 assists.

Miguel Mejia Baron, his team stung twice by the United States this summer, was
fired as Mexico's national soccer coach. Baron had a contract that ran through
the 1998 World Cup.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Jailhouse Rock? Tennis star STEFFI GRAF poses with her
father, PETER, at the Wimbledon ball in 1992. Peter Graf was arrested Wednesday
on suspicion of tax evasion.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Dentist indicted by grand jury for tax evasion

BYLINE: , TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A,8,2

LENGTH: 395 words


WORCESTER -- A Shrewsbury dentist is facing federal tax evasion charges spanning
more than a dozen years.

A federal grand jury in Boston indicted George Fenzell of Douglas for tax
evasion and "corruptly endeavoring to obstruct" the Internal Revenue Service and
the Justice Department.

Mr. Fenzell has dental offices in Shrewsbury and Brookline, N.H.

According to the indictment, from 1999 to 2012 Mr. Fenzell obstructed the IRS
from computing, assessing and collecting his income taxes. According to a news
release from the IRS Monday, he stopped filing timely tax returns and tried to
conceal his dental practice income in a variety of ways.

The indictment alleges that he used third entities, including River Valley
Dental and Brookline Dental Associates Trust, to conceal his dental practice
receipts. The indictment also alleges he used bank accounts in three separate
states, including commingled accounts maintained by third parties, to conceal
his ownership of funds.

According to the indictment, Mr. Fenzell made it appear that other people owned
and controlled his assets and income.

It was also alleged that Mr. Fenzell falsified his delinquent 2006 and 2007 tax
returns and made extensive use of cash in order to conceal his fraud.

In 2007, Mr. Fenzell, prompted in part by a Massachusetts Department of Revenue
investigation, filed delinquent federal tax returns for 2000 through 2005.

Those returns reported that he owed about $129,000 in federal income taxes,
which resulted in more than $300,000, including interest and penalties.

Also according to the indictment, between 2007 and 2012, Mr. Fenzell sought to
evade IRS collection by making his business receipts payable to other entities
and by using bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island to divert and hide income
and assets.

The indictment said he failed to file his 2008 to 2011 tax returns, and again
used other entities and accounts to evade taxes.

If convicted, Mr. Fenzell faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison for
each count of tax evasion and a maximum potential sentence of three years in
prison for the count of corruptly endeavoring to obstruct the IRS.

This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation Special Agents. It is
prosecuted by Assistant Chief John N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney Robert Kennedy
of the Tax Division.

He was arraigned Friday in U.S. District Court in Worcester.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             October 6, 2008 Monday

Motorsport: Castroneves sets aside tax charges to score joint win

SECTION: SPORT; General

LENGTH: 564 words


Brazilian driver Helio Castroneves was back behind the wheel yesterday, a day
after the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner pleaded not guilty to tax evasion.

Out on $10US million ($15 million) bail - after he was indicted on charges of
conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion for purportedly failing to report to
the Inland Revenue Service about $5.5 million in income from 1999 to 2004 - he
was in suburban Atlanta for the American Le Mans Series Petit Le Mans at Road
Atlanta.

Not only was he back on track, but he was back in the winner's circle.

Castroneves and Australian teammate Ryan Briscoe outpaced the rest of the cars
to finish first in the Le Mans Prototype 2 Class.

"It has been a difficult two days, but to finish first, it turned out to be a
good day," Castroneves said.

The terms of Castroneves' release allowed him to race at Petit Le Mans and other
races in the United States but not abroad. He will likely miss a race this month
in Surfers Paradise, Australia, said his attorney, Mark Seiden.

"Having Helio here today was important, especially in the situation he's in,"
team owner Roger Penske said. "He was focused all day, and that's what's
important to us."

Briscoe started the 10-hour, 1600km race, but Castroneves took over during the
third hour.

At the time, the duo's No 5 Porshe RS Spyder was the overall leader, and led the
Le Mans Prototype 2 Class.

At one point, Castroneves was as far back as fifth place and after driving for a
little over two hours, he gave the wheel back to Briscoe.

Briscoe vaulted up the standings, going head to head with Romain Dumas for the
lead in the LMP2 Class.

Castroneves didn't think that his legal woes were a distraction; if anything,
racing helped him forget about everything. "When you're out in the car you're
the only one," he said. "That was perfect for me ... The fans kept me going.
They gave me an immense amount of support. I was very touched."

As for the impending legal battle, Castroneves said he would fight it like it's
his job. "This problem is like a race. And we're going to win."

Also facing charges are Katiucia Castroneves, the driver's sister and business
manager, and attorney Alan R. Miller of Birmingham, Michigan. They did not enter
pleas on Friday but were ordered released on bail of $2US million and
$250US,000, respectively.

Castroneves finished second this year in the IndyCar Series points standings. He
won the 2007 Dancing With The Stars reality-show competition.

Miller's attorney, Michael Tein, sharply criticised federal prosecutors for
bringing the case. Tein contended that Castroneves' fame was the main reason the
three were charged with crimes.

The indictment charges that Castroneves illegally concealed income from Penske
Racing and the Brazilian firm Coimex International Neither company is charged
with any wrongdoing.

In Penske's case, prosecutors say Castroneves was to be paid $5US million in
exchange for rights to use his name, likeness and image. The money was initially
supposed to go to a Panamanian shell corporation, but then was diverted to a
Dutch entity called Fintage Licensing.

Coimex paid Castroneves $600,000 (433,700) from 1999 through 2001 for
sponsorship contracts, but he paid taxes only on about $50,000 (36,000),
prosecutors said. Katiucia Castroneves transferred some of the hidden money to a
Swiss bank account she controlled with her brother, court documents show.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             March 30, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Lincoln couple are guilty of tax evasion

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


An Omaha federal jury this week convicted Mark and Salwa Gustafson of Lincoln of
tax evasion and failure to file tax returns from the late 1990s to 2000.

U.S. District Judge Lyle Strom scheduled the Gustafsons to be sentenced July 6.

"As evidenced by the jury's decision, this verdict shows that the law is crystal
clear," James D. Vickery, special agent in charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation,
said in a news release. "People must pay their taxes. There is no gray area."

Federal authorities indicted Mark Gustafson, 38, a chiropractor, and Salwa
Gustafson, 46, in March 2006 on five counts of income tax fraud.

The trial began March 19 in U.S. District Court in Omaha. The jury on Tuesday
convicted the couple of tax evasion for the tax years of 1998, 1999 and 2000,
and of willful failure to file tax returns for the tax years 1999 and 2000.

Evidence at trial showed the couple had gross receipts near $1 million from 1998
to 2000 but did not file returns. The Gustafsons' tax bill for those three years
was approximately $170,000, according to trial evidence.

The couple could receive up to five years in prison and $250,000 fines on each
of the three tax evasion counts and up to one year and $100,000 fines on each of
the two failure-to-file counts.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 29, 2007 Thursday

'The Dish Man' arrested for fraud, other crimes: Charged with 22 counts
including insurance fraud, tax evasion and assault weapon violations

BYLINE: Ryan Orr, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 289 words


Mar. 29--SAN BERNARDINO -- The District Attorney's office filed 22 felony counts
against Robert Eugene Taylor of Hesperia alleging insurance fraud, tax evasion
and other crimes.

Taylor, 33, owns a satellite dish installation company called "The Dish Man"
which operates in California, Texas, New Mexico and Arizona.

He is accused of under-reporting his payroll, failing to report payroll taxes to
the State Employment Development Department and conducting business without
workers' compensation insurance since 2004.

A regular audit was conducted by his insurance carrier State Compensation
Insurance Fund that raised some flags, said Jaime Samaniego, senior investigator
for the San Bernardino County District Attorney.

The investigation lasted a year and included searches at Taylor's offices in
Sacramento, Ontario and Hesperia, as well as interviewing numerous employees and
witnesses.

The 22 felony counts allege insurance fraud, misclassification of employees,
underreporting the amount of employees, tax evasion and assault weapon
violations.

Samaniego said a lot of these types of crimes are going on but because of the
limited resources in the District Attorney's office and the lengthy
investigations that they don't catch many violators.

Taylor was arrested Monday without incident as he was leaving his home and was
booked into custody at the West Valley Detention Center on the warrant. His bail
was set at $250,000.

Copyright (c) 2007, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070329-VV-0329-The-Dish-Man-arrested-for-fraud-other-crimes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2007 Daily Press


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 2, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

INDICTMENT CHARGES NEW YORK LEGISLATOR EMBEZZLED $83,000

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 723 words


State Senator Joseph R. Pisani of New Rochelle, N.Y., was indicted yesterday on
Federal fraud and tax- evasion charges involving the embezzlement of $83,000.

The 30-count indictment, which a grand jury filed in Manhattan, charged that Mr.
Pisani had embezzled the money from New York State, from his political campaign
funds and from his former law firm.

Mr. Pisani, a 54-year-old Republican who has served in the State Legislature
since 1966, denied all the charges. His lawyer, Robert Kasanof, issued a
statement for him shortly after the indictment.

''After many years of fruitless state and Federal investigation,'' the statement
said, ''the Government has engaged in novel applications of the mail- fraud
statutes and charged me with tax evasion.

''I ask all fair-minded people to await the outcome of the trial and not allow
me to be tried and convicted by the United States Attorney's press release. I
expect to be vindicated.''

Mr. Pisani said later in an interview that the indictment was the result of a
political ''vendetta'' against him in Albany. He added, ''I'm going to fight
this thing. I'm really outraged.''

He is scheduled to be arraigned on the charges next Thursday in Federal District
Court in Manhattan. The indictment was announced by Rudolph W. Giuliani, the
United States Attorney.  If convicted of the charges, Mr. Pisani could face a
prison sentence, disbarment and destruction of his political career.

The prosecutors handling the case, Jane W. Parver and Charles G. LaBella, said
the defendant could face a maximum sentence of five years and a $1,000 fine on
each of 22 fraud counts, five years and a $10,000 fine on each of four
tax-evasion counts and three years and a $5,000 fine on each of four counts of
filing false tax returns.

According to the indictment, Mr. Pisani ''embezzled and diverted'' at least
$45,000 since 1978 from his campaign funds to his personal use by making
payments appear to be reimbursements for ''necessary political expenses incurred
by him as a candidate for public office.''

He also ''converted and embezzled'' about $18,000 since 1976 from ''the firm and
the client escrow accounts'' of his former law firm of Serchuk, Pisani and Wolfe
in White Plains, the indictment charged. It said he had concealed his acts from
the firm.



Conversion of Funds Charged

As chairman of the Temporary State Commission on Child Welfare, the indictment
continued, Mr. Pisani ''did convert and embezzle substantial sums of money from
the state'' by causing the commission to pay $20,635 to Joseph Mallon in 1978
and 1979 ''for services that were not performed.''

Mr. Pisani had hired Mr. Mallon as an assistant on the commission, which no
longer exists.

At the same time, Mr. Mallon allowed his upstate summer home at Washingtonville,
N.Y., to be used by Mr. Pisani, the indictment said. It added that ''exclusive
use'' of the house had been given to Mr. Pisani and Kathryn Godfrey, a
commission secretary described in the indictment as ''a close friend of the
defendant.''

The indictment also charged that Mr. Pisani had evaded about $35,000 in Federal
income taxes for the years 1978 through 1981. The tax-evasion counts concerned
the bulk of the money that he was accused of embezzling.

Mr. Pisani, who was born in New Rochelle on Aug. 31, 1929, is a graduate of Iona
College and the Fordham University Law School. He is separated from his wife and
has four children.

He served in the State Assembly from 1966 to 1972, when he was elected to the
State Senate. He was defeated in a close race for Westchester County Executive
two years ago by Alfred B. DelBello, now the Lieutenant Governor.

Mr. Pisani faces re-election next year with the rest of the Legislature. Even
before his indictment, Democrats in the State Senate had viewed Mr. Pisani as
vulnerable, and they plan a major campaign drive to narrow the gap between the
Republican majority of 35 and the Democratic minority of 26.

In announcing the indictment, Mr. Giuliani called it ''an excellent example of
cooperative law enforcement.'' He said it had been referred to the United States
Attorney's office in 1981 by Edward J. Kuriansky, the state's Special Prosecutor
for Nursing Homes, Health and Social Services.

The investigation was conducted mainly by the Internal Revenue Service.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Fayetteville Man Sentenced to 18 Months for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



   Edward J. Purcell, Sr., age 65, of Fayetteville, New York, was sentenced
today to serve 18 months in prison for tax evasion.





 The announcement was made by United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian and
Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation's
New York Field Office.



 U.S. District Judge David N. Hurd also sentenced Purcell to 3 years of
supervised release, to begin after his release from prison, and also ordered him
to pay $347,128 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS").



 In December 2015, Purcell pled guilty to one count of tax evasion.



 During the years 2008 through 2010, Purcell owned and operated American Roofing
Company ("ARC") in the Syracuse area.  In this time period, he failed to report
any of the income he received from ARC by not filing federal income tax returns,
despite receiving taxable income in the amount of $655,937.



 For the tax years 2008, 2009, and 2010, Purcell willfully evaded the payment of
taxes on his individual income, which totaled $150,980, $333,614, and $171,343,
respectively.  The total tax loss for the years 2008 through 2010 was $231,362.
Purcell also agreed to repay the IRS an additional $115,766, representing the
tax loss for 2007.



 Purcell concealed his income by depositing checks payable to ARC into nominee
bank accounts, which he controlled through powers of attorney.  Purcell set up
these bank accounts in the names of his close friends and family members for the
purpose of concealing his income from the IRS.



 This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation, and was prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ransom P. Reynolds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

Ex-stockbroker admits cheating ex-wife's family

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 260 words


Patriot Ledger staff

BOSTON - A former Sharon stockbroker who allegedly lost millions of dollars of
his ex-wife's family's money has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and tax
evasion.

Scott F. McCreadie, now of Lake Worth, Fla., pleaded guilty Monday before U.S.
District Court Judge William G. Young in Boston.

According to federal prosecutors, McCreadie used his position as a financial
adviser at Paine Webber in Wellesley and Palm Beach, Fla., to defraud his wife's
family of $730,000 between April 2000 and June 2002. The two have since
divorced.

Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin had previously issued civil
charges against McCreadie, saying he lost at least $4 million of the family's
money. A spokesman for Galvin said that the office had set its civil case aside
as the criminal case went forward, and that the family recovered most of its
loss from Paine Webber.

According to U.S. Attorney Michael J. Sullivan's office, McCreadie ripped off
the family members by transferring money from their brokerage accounts into his
own by using forged authorization letters. He spent the money on personal items
and stock trades, the office said.

He was charged with tax evasion for failing to report the stolen funds on his
2000 and 2001 tax forms. He is slated to be sentenced on April 6.

On the securities fraud charge, he faces up to 10 years' imprisonment followed
by 3 years of supervised release and a maximum $1 million fine. On the tax
evasion charge, he faces up to 5 years in prison followed by 3 years' supervised
release and a $100,000 fine.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Beanie Baby entrepreneur pleads guilty to tax evasion;
H. Ty Warner agrees to pay $54-million penalty

BYLINE: Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 401 words


H. Ty Warner, creator of Beanie Babies plush toys, pleaded guilty to failing to
pay taxes on money he hid from the U.S. in a Swiss bank account.

Warner, who was charged with a single count of tax evasion last month, entered
his plea Wednesday before U.S. District Judge Charles P. Kocoras in Chicago.

"I am pleading guilty because I am guilty," Warner, 69, told the judge.

Warner agreed to pay a civil penalty of almost $53.6 million (U.S.). Tax evasion
is punishable by as long as five years in prison. He also faces a fine of as
much as $250,000. Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 15.

Since 2009, the U.S. has prosecuted about 70 U.S. taxpayers and 30 bankers,
lawyers and advisers in a crackdown on offshore tax evasion. The sole owner of
TY Inc., Warner held the highest account balance of the taxpayers prosecuted in
the crackdown. He admitted to failing to report $3.2 million in income on a
secret UBS AG account that held as much as $93.6 million. Warner falsely
reported his 2002 income as $49.1 million, omitting money he made from the
account and, while he amended his 2002 return in 2007, he understated his tax by
$885,300, according to court papers.

While Wednesday's plea was tied to the 2002 taxes, the total amount not reported
was about $25 million over 11 years, for which Warner owed about $5 million in
taxes, according to a plea agreement cited by the judge.

Warner founded Ty Inc. in 1985. Beanbag-like teddy bears made in limited
editions by the Westmont, Illinois-based company inspired devotees and
collectors while building a $4.5-billion business, according to a biography
supplied by his legal team.

In 1996, Warner opened a secret account at UBS, according to the U.S. From
there, he transferred $93.6 million in December 2002 to another secret Swiss
account at Zurcher Kantonalbank, according to a charging document.

Warner disguised his ownership of the ZKB account by holding it under an entity
called the Molani Foundation, according to court papers. In 2002, he failed to
report his UBS income of $3.2 million to his outside accountants, and failed to
file a required Foreign Bank Account Report. The tax return he filed with the
U.S. Internal Revenue Service for 2002 also was false, according to the charging
papers.

In 2009, Warner tried to avoid prosecution through the IRS Offshore Voluntary
Disclosure Program, according to his lawyer, Gregory Scandaglia. He was denied
entry.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Jersey County Man Sentenced for $1.2 Million Tax Evasion and Unlawful
Firearms Possession

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A Jersey County resident was sentenced to federal prison for tax evasion and
possession of a firearm by a user of controlled substances on December 19, 2014,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced today. David Ray, 55, of Fieldon, Illinois, was sentenced
to 37 months in federal prison, a $7,500 fine, $1,272,904.83 in restitution, a
$200 special assessment and three years of supervised release. Ray also
forfeited a gun collection valued between $75,000-$100,000.

"In stealing from all of us by failing to pay his fair share of taxes, Ray not
only ended up forfeiting his gun collection, but he forfeited his privilege to
live in his mansion for the much harsher living conditions of federal prison."
noted United States Attorney Wigginton.

Ray waived his right to face a grand jury indictment and pled guilty to charges
brought directly by the U.S. Attorney's Office on July 23, 2013. Documents filed
in District Court established that Ray committed tax evasion by using his
various businesses to pay personal expenses, by vesting ownership of personal
assets in the name of his businesses, and by filing false tax returns with the
IRS or refusing to file a U.S. Individual Tax Return all together. In tax years
2005-2010, Ray concealed income from the IRS for the purpose of limiting his tax
liability resulting in him avoiding $1,272,904.83 in federal income taxes that
he otherwise would have been required to pay. Ray agreed to make full
restitution to the IRS as a condition of his guilty plea.

Ray was also convicted for possessing firearms while being a cocaine user.
Evidence presented at the plea hearing established that federal agents seized 96
firearms and more than 2,500 rounds of ammunition from Ray's home when it was
searched on February 13, 2012. In addition, agents also seized 110 grams of
cocaine from Ray's home. Ray admitted possessing the firearms as a hunter and
gun collector. But he also acknowledged a serious cocaine habit, admitting that
he purchased and used 3-5 ounces of cocaine every 2-3 weeks prior to his home
being raided. Under federal law, drug users are categorically prohibited from
possessing firearms.

Ray was ordered to remain in custody of the United States Marshal pending his
transfer to federal prison.

The investigation was conducted by agents from the Internal Revenue
Service/Criminal Investigations, the Jersey County Sheriff's Department, the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Drug Enforcement
Administration, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case was prosecuted
by Assistant United States Attorney Steven D. Weinhoeft.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Eliot Ness deserving of building honor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1475 words


Eliot Ness deserving of building honor

The Herald reported that some Chicago aldermen oppose a plan to name a federal
building in Washington, D.C., after one-time Chicago Prohibition agent Eliot
Ness. The aldermen's contention is that Ness had no role in the jailing of gang
lord Al Capone for tax evasion.

The aldermen are mistaken. It is true that Ness was not directly involved with
the tax case prepared against Capone by U.S. Attorney General William Mitchell.
The key word here is "directly." Mitchell and George Johnson, U.S. Attorney,
North District of Illinois, reasoned that Capone would grow careless if law
enforcement disrupted his bootlegging operations. Eliot Ness was selected by
Johnson on the basis of his federal personnel file, which noted Ness' "coolness,
aggressiveness, and fearlessness in raids."

Ness was assigned to head a special "Capone squad" in 1930. By March 1931, Ness
and his men had seized six breweries that brought Capone $9.1 million annually.
The squad also seized or destroyed $180,000 in trucks and stills, and grabbed
$340,000 in illicit brew. Ness admitted, with regret, that he had been unable to
completely shut down Capone's operation. But Ness' raids put a considerable
financial squeeze on Capone, particularly since the mobster was vulnerable after
his presumed role in the St. Valentine's Day Massacre of 1929.

Speakeasy owners were openly defying him, and buying their beer from other
sources. As had been hoped, Capone did become careless with his bookkeeping. On
Oct. 5, 1931, he was brought to trial for tax evasion, and sentenced to 11
years' imprisonment. It was the end of Al Capone.

Attention, Chicago aldermen: Eliot Ness set the table for the tax-evasion
indictment. I look forward to seeing the federal building that will be named for
him.

David J. Hogan

Arlington Heights

Unpaid internships abuse young people

There needs to be some public discussion and changes made regarding the abuse of
internships these days. While we point fingers at unfair labor practices in
other countries and poor minimum wage in our own, a young adult with eight years
of education behind him or her is regularly being required to serve
"internships."

I've seen school districts, newspapers, city establishments, businesses and
universities increasingly make decisions to hire interns and churn them as they
expire rather than paying at least a minimum wage for the job. They used to call
that bondage.

After writing to all three Illnios congressmen, the only one to respond said he
would "watch" for legislation and consider it. When I responded that was his job
to introduce it, there was no response. Maybe because they abuse them too?
(Remember Monica?)

Both of my daughters had to do internships with their degrees. The older one had
no benefit from her experience at all -- they just replaced her with another
intern and gave no help getting a related position. She will be paying for this
"privilege" for years.

The younger one has paid application fees to seven internships, is paying $500
to fly to the internship "interview" (really?) and, if she gets it, will pay
several thousand dollars for the "privilege" of working for free while putting
her life on hold after eight years of classes and labs. In the meantime, there's
nothing coming in to help her pay her bills, or even her grocery bill and
utilities, and there's a skinny carrot on a long rope in front of her with a
remote promise that it will lead to a job that can pay for a bigger bag of
carrots.

It is time for some change to this abusive practice.

Carol Clark

Rolling Meadows

How you can help stop opiate abuse

The ongoing opiate epidemic is destroying our community. Please take a look at
the list below for steps you can take to be a part of the solution to this
devastating problem.

* Learn about the treatments: there are new medical treatments that are
revolutionizing the treatment of opiate dependence.

* Contact your representatives. Urgent funding is needed for treatment
facilities and educational programs.

* Contact the media (Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, the newspaper, school papers,
your local television station).

* Contact the schools. Put on a presentation in the classroom.

* Examine your own views regarding chemical dependence.

* Turn in unused medications to a pharmacy or your local police. Get rid of
them!

* Check your medicine cabinet -- it may not just be family members stealing
pills, guests might steal from your cabinet. (This is the leading source of new
opiate abuse.)

* Educate your doctor. How many pills/refills are really necessary?

* Donate your time, talent and/or treasure to a treatment center or
community-based organization.

If nothing else, please say a prayer for those struggling with this problem and
the families of those who have died.

David Tews, Ed.D., LCPC, CADC

Naperville

Laws don't address self-responsibility

Regarding your article about dietitians getting "free" education from chip
makers, etc. Why does this surprise anyone? This is how our system operates.

Kids in school are educated by liberal-thinking unionized teachers who often are
occupied with making kids feel good about themselves when not even trying to do
good. Doctors are educated by the pharmaceutical companies, and our politicians,
most of whom never had any part in operating any kind of business, get educated
by special interest lobbyists not only for "free" but are given all kinds of
perks as are the doctors who are given such by their "educators."

So why do we have the laws that we do limiting some and not all and in only
certain areas? Now we hear some formerly "illegal" drugs that have sent some to
prison are to become legal. Are all those in prison on these charges going to be
released and relieve the overcrowding there, while sugar and salt in foods are
going to be limited, all to give the lawyers something else to fight about while
making money on both sides of the issues.

This does nothing to really help solve the problem of the lack of
self-responsibility and its consequences.

Walter Diem

Elgin

Opponent's claims untrue in 8th District

As many have seen in their mailboxes recently, Manju Goel and Indian Americans
for Freedom have made baseless attacks against Larry Kaifesh in the 8th
Congressional District race. Instead of talking about issues important to our
country, they have confused voters about Col. Kaifesh's positions.

I have had the opportunity to meet Larry Kaifesh more than once and I can tell
you that he is an outstanding individual and leader and has earned the
endorsement of every single Republican Township organization in the 8th
District. His opponent, Ms. Goel, has tried to smear him by saying he does not
live in Illinois and that he supports amnesty; neither is true.

Having been born in Elgin and raised in Carpentersville and served our country
on five tours of active duty in Iraq and Afghanistan, Larry Kaifesh has an
outstanding background and the right temperament to represent the 8th District.
I urge Republican voters to support Larry Kaifesh for Congress on March 18.

Loren Becht

Streamwood

Meth bust highlights flaws in legislation

The massive meth bust reported in the Herald March 4 ("$1.75 million in meth
found during traffic stop") would seem to call into question the potential
effectiveness of the Illinois Senate bill that would require a doctor's
prescription for any drug containing pseudoephedrine, which is a raw material
for making meth. The individual driving the meth car was a Minneapolis man,
underlining the fact that the material can always be brought in from elsewhere.
This strongly suggests that adding additional controls on pseudoephedrine in
Illinois alone is not going to significantly reduce meth availability here.

On the other hand, the drawbacks to the general public are clear. Requiring
prescriptions for the medication will add considerable inconvenience and hassle
for those who require it, not to mention the expense of a visit to the doctor's
office to get the prescription.

Leo Hickey

Arlington Heights

Graduated income tax fairest way to go

Your March 5 cover story on the fight for a graduated income tax amendment posed
the question in a misleading way, given that poor and middle class residents are
already taxed at an effectively higher rate under our current structure. Your
headline could have just as easily read, "Will suburbanites pay less with a
graduated income tax?"

It's not surprising that our state's wealthiest individuals and corporations are
fighting hard to protect their own interests at the expense of the rest of us,
but that doesn't mean we have to believe their scare tactics. The bottom line is
that those who have benefitted during these difficult economic times should be
paying more -- not less -- than the majority of hardworking Illinoisans. A
graduated income tax is the only way we can make that happen.

Tom Terranova

Elk Grove Village

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

NBA SAYS REFEREE BETTING LIMITED TO DONAGHY

SECTION: SPORTS; SIDELINE; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 409 words


MAKING NEWS

An internal investigation conducted by the NBA found that no referees, besides
Tim Donaghy, bet on games or provided inside information to gamblers. The
report, made public on Thursday, refuted a claim by Donaghy's lawyers that NBA
officials directed referees to alter the outcome of playoff games. The
investigators did, however, determine that referees engaged in legal gambling in
forms other than betting on NBA games. Commissioner David Stern said he will
push owners for changes such as monitoring and gambling education to prevent
another scandal.

Castroneves faces tax indictment

Two-time Indianapolis 500 winner Helio Castroneves, who also won the Grand Prix
of St. Petersburg in 2006 and 2007, was indicted on tax evasion and tax fraud
charges, accused of using offshore accounts to hide millions of dollars in
income from the Internal Revenue Service. Castroneves, 33, is charged with
conspiracy and six counts of tax evasion for purportedly failing to report about
$5.5-million in income between 1999 and 2004, court documents said. Each count
carries a maximum five-year prison sentence. Castroneves, a Miami resident and
Dancing With the Stars champion, could not be reached. A court appearance is
scheduled today in Miami.

Sapp: Davis great ... in '60s and '70s

Former Buc Warren Sapp, who played for the Raiders before retiring after last
season, said on Showtime's Inside the NFL thatfired Oakland coach Lane Kiffin
never had a fair chance and that the Raiders can never regain their glory with
Al Davis, above, as owner. "Al Davis knows football - it's just '60s and '70s
football,'' Sapp said. "He's thinking that Cliff Branch is outside and (Jim)
Plunkett is dropping back and you can throw it 80 yards down the field. ... Any
person that calls me, (I tell them) do not go anywhere near Oakland."

OUT OF BOUNDS

Score one for Virginia students

Virginia athletic director Craig Littlepage reversed his earlier ban prohibiting
signs, banners and flags at football games, the school announced. The move was
intended to garner greater support for a team foundering at the bottom of the
ACC with a 1-3 record. It comes days after students reportedly threatened to
wear blue instead of orange to Saturday's home game against Maryland as a
protest.

QUOTABLE

"The whole country is my family."

Zaza Pachulia, Hawks center, when asked how his loved ones were doing in his
homeland of Georgia after a brief war with Russia devastated the country

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Appeals court rejects Harwich tax evaders' claims

BYLINE: Karen Jeffrey, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


Feb. 23--A federal court has rejected the appeal of a Harwich couple who sought
to have their convictions for tax evasion and related crimes overturned.

Frederick and Kimberlee Allen will remain in federal prison, where each was
sentenced to three years in 2010 after a trial in U.S. District Court in Boston.

Lowell Becraft Jr. of Huntsville, Ala., who represented the couple in federal
court, did not return telephone calls made to his office Tuesday and Wednesday.
In recent years Becraft has represented several tax protesters in federal courts
across the country.

The Allens were convicted in April 2010 of failure to file income tax returns
since 1999, along with conspiracy and tax evasion.

They sought to overturn the conviction, saying the trial judge should have
specifically instructed the jury not to convict them because of "guilt by
association" with others who protest paying income taxes. The 1st U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals rejected this argument.

According to the written appeals decision, before 1997 the Allens paid income
taxes for several years. From 1997 to 1999, however, they reported zero taxable
income.

In 1998, for example, the couple earned more than $111,000 when Kimberlee Allen,
50, worked as a physician's assistant and her husband, 50, was an office
administrator, according to court records. On the tax return for that year they
reported earning no taxable income and requested a refund of $5,895.45 -- the
amount their employers had withheld from their paychecks.

In 2000, they convinced their employer to issue paychecks directly to them
rather than going through a payroll company, treating them as independent
contractors not subject to withholding of Medicare and Social Security taxes.

Court documents state that between 2000 and 2008 the couple filed no tax
returns, and in the same period took steps to hide their assets such as
requesting paychecks be made payable to cash or directly to creditors. They
closed bank accounts, transferred ownership of their home to a trust, and began
paying all of their bills using cash or money orders, court records state.

They also cashed any checks through a friend who was a bank teller, according to
court documents.

During the trial, Frederick Allen testified that a conversation with his dentist
prompted him to research taxes.

That research led him to conclude that he and his wife were not legally required
to file taxes, that taxes are unconstitutional and only corporations are
required to pay taxes.

A jury found them guilty after a seven-day trial.

The Allens were taken into federal custody on Nov. 1, 2010, according to
Christina Sterling, spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney's office in Boston.

According to the federal Bureau of Prisons website, which has a prisoner locator
feature, Frederick Allen is serving his time at the Metropolitan Detention
Center in Brooklyn, N.Y. He is slated for release on June 10, 2013.

Kimberlee Allen is serving her time at the Federal Correctional Institution in
Danbury, Conn., and is scheduled for release on May 22, 2013.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120223-CA-Appeals-court-rejects-Harwich-tax-evaders-claims-0223-20120223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Castroneves pleads not guilty to tax fraud

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B16

LENGTH: 611 words


Helio Castroneves - winner of both the Indianapolis 500 and reality TV show
"Dancing with the Stars" - pleaded not guilty in Miami federal court on Friday
to multimillion-dollar tax-evasion charges alleging use of offshore accounts.

The famed Brazilian driver was ordered to post a $10 million bond to gain his
release before trial. The 33-year-old Castroneves appeared in court in handcuffs
and leg chains. His lawyer, Mark Seiden, said Castroneves would be heading to
Atlanta for a weekend race.

His bond allows him to travel for work in the United States but not overseas.

The Team Penske star is charged with failing to pay taxes on more than $5
million in income during a four-year period. His sister, Kati Castroneves, and
his lawyer, Alan Miller, are accused of assisting him in the alleged tax-evasion
scheme.

Kati Castroneves, the driver's business manager, and his tax attorney, Alan R.
Miller of Birmingham, Mich., did not enter pleas but were released on bonds of
$2 million and $250,000, respectively. The three defendants used an offshore
corporation set up in Panama to pull off the scheme, according to an indictment
filed Thursday.

Castroneves' attorney, Mark Seiden, said his client did not knowingly violate
any laws.

"Mr. Castroneves is a professional racing driver. He relied on the advice of tax
lawyers and accountants in doing his tax planning," Seiden said.

But Miami U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta said Castroneves lied to his tax
preparers, claiming he had no control over the Panamanian company when he
actually did.

Castroneves won the Indianapolis 500 in 2001 and 2002. He was the fifth driver
to achieve that milestone in consecutive years. He also finished second to
teammate and countryman Gil de Ferran in 2003.

He became an American celebrity last year after winning the fifth season of
ABC's reality TV show Dancing with the Stars with partner Julianne Hough.

On the race track, Castroneves has been more of a runner-up than a winner this
year. In the IndyCar Series, Castroneves won for the first time in 30 races at
the Sonoma, Calif., Grand Prix in late August. Until that victory, he had
finished runner-up seven times.

He has been nicknamed Spider Man for his fence-climbing celebrations. At Sonoma,
he jumped out of his No. 3 Dallara Honda at the finish line and scaled a short
fence behind the pits to celebrate with fans.

For Castroneves, it was his 13th IndyCar Series victory.

In early September, Castroneves finished second in the Detroit Grand Prix and
finished second overall in the series to Scott Dixon of New Zealand.

ARCA RE/MAX - Justin Allgaier won the wreck-filled ARCA RE/MAX 250 at Talladega
Superspeedway on Friday, passing teen star Joey Logano on the final lap and
holding on for a 0.113-second victory. The race was slowed by seven caution
periods that consumed 51 laps.

Logano took the lead from Patrick Sheltra with a lap to go, but Allgaier - set
to drive a NASCAR Nationwide Series car next year for Penske Racing - surged
ahead on the 94th and final circuit around the 2.66-mile track.

The 22-year-old Allgaier, from Riverton, Ill., has won consecutive races, giving
him a series-high five wins this season.

FORMULA ONE - A subway operator is investigating a report that electricity from
a train passing beneath the Singapore Grand Prix caused a Formula One car to
break down.

SMRT Corp. is looking into the claim after Autosport magazine reported Mark
Webber's Red Bull car had a gear malfunction during the Sept. 28 race because of
a train. Toro Rosso driver Sebastien Bourdais experienced the same problem in a
practice two days before the race. The Singapore Grand Prix was held at night on
a street circuit.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  MOTOR SPORTS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 11, 2006 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

THE BILL CAMPBELL VERDICT: SPLIT DECISION: EX-MAYOR CLEARED OF PUBLIC
CORRUPTION;
CONVICTION ON TAX EVASION CHARGES COULD LEAD TO PRISON TIME

BYLINE: BILL TORPY, JEFFRY SCOTT, BETH WARREN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1547 words


A federal jury served up a mixed verdict Friday to former Atlanta Mayor Bill
Campbell, convicting him on three counts of tax evasion, but acquitting him on
four corruption charges.

The jury of eight blacks and four whites deliberated about 13 hours over two
days before making its decision. Campbell had little reaction as the verdict was
read to a hushed and packed courtroom.

Both sides quickly claimed victory.

"I was proven innocent of the substantial charges; we'll deal with the tax
charges," Campbell said outside the courthouse. He was surrounded by family and
supporters who had sat through the eight-week trial.

"It was a fairly quick decision to reject all the RICO charges," said Campbell,
a former federal prosecutor who was Atlanta's mayor during the 1996 Olympics and
whose political career was on a steady rise.

To be found guilty of crimes under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organization law, Campbell had to be found guilty of at least two of 11
different acts included in the RICO count. He was found guilty of only one,
dealing with mail fraud, for raising money to retire campaign debt and using the
money instead for personal expenses.

Regarding the tax charges, prosecutors told the jury Campbell had failed to
report $147,000 in income in 1997, 1998 and 1999. The former mayor blamed the
failure on being "a sloppy record-keeper."

Legal experts say Campbell could face up to 27 months in prison.

Juror Gerald Scandrett, 72, of Forest Park said jurors "worked real hard" but
just did not believe many of the bribery and corruption charges argued by
prosecutors.

"We couldn't decide on the way they [the prosecutors] had it fixed," he said.

Prosecutors had pushed for guilty verdicts on racketeering, bribery and tax
evasion charges, claiming that Campbell, 52, ran City Hall as a criminal
enterprise. Prosecutors alleged he received bribes to fund a lifestyle of
extra-marital affairs, gambling and travel, all paid for with cash.

Asked if he was disappointed Campbell was only convicted of tax fraud, U.S.
Attorney David Nahmias said, "The question is who won. Mr. Campbell is now
convicted of three serious felonies and is going to prison."

Sally Yates, the lead prosecutor in the case, brushed aside Campbell's frequent
complaints that the six-year investigation into City Hall was racist and an
"inquisition."

"This was not a witch hunt at all," Yates said after the verdict. "We would have
been derelict in our duty not to bring this case."

U.S. District Judge Richard Story could sentence Campbell to prison, fine the
former mayor or give him probation. The judge said a sentencing date would be
set after a pre-sentencing investigation was conducted. That report resulting
from that investigation will include a range of information on Campbell's
background. The report often takes three months to compile.

During the sentencing hearing Campbell will likely speak in his defense,
something he did not do during the trial. He will also call character witnesses.

The former mayor's supporters surrounded him after the verdict.

"I feel very good about the verdict," said Michael Langford, who worked in City
Hall when Campbell was in office from 1994 until 2002, and who sat through the
entire trial. "The charge we were most concerned about was the corrupt payments.

The government's case was largely circumstantial and produced 1,200 exhibits and
more than 72 witnesses. The defense called 17 witnesses.

In trying to build its corruption case, prosecutors produced just two witnesses
who said they put payoff money in Campbell's hands: Dewey Clark, his personal
assistant, and Dan DeBardelaben, a longtime friend and golfing buddy. Joseph
Reid, former deputy chief operating officer, said he raised illegal donations
for Campbell's re-election campaign in 1997 and gave them, some in cash, to
Campbell.

Prosecutors hammered at Campbell's voracious appetite for spending cash, which
nearly tripled from 1996 to 1999, when he spent $23,600, while cash withdrawals
from his personal bank accounts shrank each year to just $69 for all of 1999,
prosecutors said.

Prosecutors said Campbell used city contractors as "human ATMs" that dispensed
thousands of dollars for extra-marital affairs, gambling and trips.

The prosecution's final witness was an Internal Revenue agent who detailed
Campbell's proliferate use of cash.

"Even if every single government witness is lying, Bill Campbell is still guilty
of tax fraud, and they can't wiggle out of that," Yates said during closing
arguments.

Campbell's attorneys argued that others in his administration --- including
friends and close confidants, were corrupt and had taken advantage of him.

Defense attorneys frequently argued that prosecutors "bought" testimony by
giving immunity to witnesses like Clark and contractor George Greene, who had
their own legal problems.

DeBardelaben testified that he handed three cash bribes to Campbell totaling
more than $50,000.

The money, DeBardelaben told jurors, came from a computer contractor who was
seeking a plum city contract. DeBardelaben testified he asked the mayor about
the project as the two headed for the golf course that spring. "What's in it for
me?" Campbell's allegedly responded.

Clark portrayed himself as a reluctant witness against the mayor saying he
"loved" Campbell. He frequently broke down sobbing while telling jurors he
passed $50,000 in bribes to Campbell from nightclub owner Michael Childs, who
wanted a liquor license to open a new club.

The jurors apparently didn't buy Clark and Debardelaben's testimony. Defense
attorneys had repeatedly derided them as untrustworthy scoundrels who hustled
bribes for themselves, using the mayor's name.

Clark told Channel 11, "It doesn't matter whether [the jurors] believed me or
not. Justice has been served."

Yates said prosecutors spoke with jurors for more than 20 minutes about the case
after the trial. Jurors said they believed Campbell accepted money from city
contractors, Yates said, but weren't convinced from whom or how much. So they
gave Campbell the benefit of the doubt.

Lead defense attorney Billy Martin said he was "disappointed the government had
the opportunity to speak with the jurors and we did not."

The defense also repeatedly blasted the government's six-year investigation.

"When's the last time the IRS went through your grocery bill and gas bill?"
Martin said during closing arguments. "An army of people with unlimited
resources and that's the best they could do?"

It's not known what impact the retelling of Campbell's harsh experiences as the
first child to integrate the Raleigh school system played with the jury. The
defense brought up that oft-told story in opening statements and closing
arguments and during the testimony of Andrew Young, the former ambassador,
Atlanta mayor and civil rights hero who lent Campbell his good name by stepping
into the witness box to testify for the defense.

Young said Friday night that he was pleased with the verdict. "For one, I think
the whole RICO statute has been misused, especially against politicians,
especially black politicians. Every black mayor in America has been tormented by
it in one way or another."

Young said Campbell had to overcome strong biases. "Most people think
politicians are corrupt and that black people are dishonest," Young said. "I
think the thing Bill is most guilty of is arrogance and bad relations with the
press --- and neither of them are crimes."

Campbell, a brilliant, good-looking politician was well spoken but had an acid
tongue that divided Atlantans, especially in his final years in office.

One frequent critic was popular WSB radio host Clark Howard, who said he was
"thrilled" with the verdict.

"Obviously, it's a compromise verdict," said Howard, who was vacationing in
Hawaii. "But the jury said there was not just smoke, there was fire. I just hope
he ends up where he belongs --- prison."

"The reason I was so vehement with this guy is because he is a human tragedy. He
had such great capability and he threw it away in the search for power, for
arrogance and the desire for money."

Frank Ski, the popular V-103 radio host and a Campbell friend, saw the verdicts
as a sad victory. "Overall, the government did not prove its case," said Ski.
"In the court of public opinion, he's guilty. As soon as the government charges
you, you're guilty."

Reaction on Atlanta streets was ho-hum, perhaps an indication that it's been
more than four years since Campbell was mayor.

"There are bigger people that damage the country --- the economy --- much worse
than he did, and I wonder why nobody's investigating those guys," said Ricardo
Sanchez, a Buckhead resident who sells computer software downtown.

A chef at a downtown restaurant who was taking a break out on the sidewalk said
prosecutors took a long time for a tax conviction. "If Bill Campbell did this,
then he deserves to get what he gets, but they should have gotten him eight
years ago," Lenny Robinson said.

Some of Campbell's supporters and relatives hugged after the verdict while
tearing up.

"I think there's concern what the judge might do at sentencing," lead defense
Martin said. "There were tears of both relief and concern."

Staff writers Andrea Jones, Ty Tagami, Ernie Suggs, Cameron McWhirter, Craig
Schneider and Eric Stirgus contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: JOEY IVANSCO / StaffWith his wife, Sharon, at his side, former
Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell discusses the verdict in his federal corruption
trial Friday. Both sides claimed victory after Campbell was found not guilty on
corruption charges, but guilty of tax evasion.
Photo: JOEY IVANSCO / StaffFormer Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell faces reporters
after verdicts were rendered late Friday afternoon in his federal corruption
trial. Campbell asserted, "I was proven innocent of the substantial charges."
Photo: Bill Campbell
Photo: Fred B. Prewitt
Photo: U.S. District Judge Richard Story
Graphic: FAMOUS TAX EVADERS * 1931: Gangster Al Capone is sentenced to 11 years
in prison for tax evasion.* 1973: Vice President Spiro Agnew is sentenced to
three years' probation and fined $10,000 for tax evasion.* 1974: Comedian
Richard Pryor serves 10 days in jail for tax evasion.* 1979: Singer Chuck Berry
is sentenced to four months in jail and ordered to perform 1,000 hours of
benefit shows for under-reporting $200,000 in income.* 1980: Studio 54 owners
Steve Rubell and Ian Schrager are sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison and fined
$20,000 for tax evasion.* 1982: Unification Church founder the Rev. Sun Myung
Moon is sentenced to 18 months in prison and fined $25,000 for under-reporting
his income by $162,000.* 1982: Sophia Loren is jailed in Naples for 18 days for
tax evasion.* 1986: U.S. Federal Court Judge Harry E. Claiborne is sentenced to
two years for tax evasion.* 1990: Cincinnati Reds legend Pete Rose is sentenced
to five months for tax evasion.* 1994: Singer Percy Sledge gets five years'
probation and is ordered to pay more than $95,000 in back taxes for failing to
report more than $260,000 in income. * 1995: Darryl Strawberry is sentenced to
six months of home confinement for tax evasion and ordered to pay the government
$350,000 in back taxes.Source: BrainyMedia.com and staff research
Graphic: ELIZABETH LANDT / StaffKEY DEVELOPMENTS SINCE BILL CAMPBELL'S
INDICTMENT Aug. 30, 2004: Former Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell (below) is indicted
on racketeering charges. He is also accused of three counts of tax fraud for
1997-1999. Sept. 22, 2005: Campbell's attorneys file a motion to compel
prosecutors to disclose any testimony or statements from witnesses who have said
the former mayor did nothing illegal, arguing that prosecutors are trying to
build a case based on testimony from questionable witnesses. Nov. 15, 2005:
Campbell's attorneys want two racketeering counts against him dismissed because
prosecutors waited so long to indict him that a key witness, Samuel J. "Rickey"
Rowe, had died. The defense said prosecutors were trying to pressure Rowe, a
city contractor and friend of Campbell's, into cooperating. Nov. 23, 2005: Fred
B. Prewitt, a close friend of Campbell'sand a figure who acknowledged being a
minority "front" for white-owned corporations seeking city business, admits to
making false statements when questioned by federal investigators and awaits
sentencing. Prewitt was identified by people familiar with the case as one who
provided large cash payments at campaign events.January 2005: Campbell names
Craig Gillen, a one-time federal prosecutor, to replace Washington attorney
Michele Roberts, who appeared with Campbell when he was indicted. The team also
includes Atlanta attorney Steve Sadow and Mississippi attorney Dennis C. Sweet
III.February 2005: Federal prosecutors try to block Gillen from joining the
defense, arguing he has a conflict in the case because his law partner has
represented one of Campbell's chief accusers. Feb. 16, 2005: U.S. District Judge
Richard Story sets Campbell's trial for Sept. 26. Several days later, Campbell
calls the federal case "personal, partisan and very political."March 9, 2005:
U.S. Magistrate E. Clayton Scofield III disqualifiesGillen, who appeals the
ruling to Judge Story. Aug. 9, 2005: Atlanta defense lawyer Steve Sadow, who has
represented Campbell for five years, asks to get out of the case. Campbell
brings on Washington attorney Billy Martin, whose clients have included NBA
stars Allen Iverson and Jayson Williams. Also, Judge Scofield rules against
dropping the two racketeering charges. Aug. 10, 2005: Campbell's new defense
team asks the judge to push back the Sept. 26 trial start date. Aug. 12, 2005:
Judge Story sets trial date for Jan. 17. He also criticizes Campbell's
continuing public comments that he passed a privately administered lie detector
test, noting that the court has yet to rule on a defense request that the
polygraph test be allowed into evidence. He later rules the test inadmissible.
Jan. 4, 2006: Judge Story sets opening statements for Jan. 23 and limits the two
sides in the case to 90 minutes for their statements. Story says he wants to try
to streamline the trial, which is expected to last six to eight weeks.Jan. 17:
Jury selection begins.Jan. 23: Testimony begins. March 10: Campbell convicted on
three federal counts of tax evasion and found not guilty of corruption.Source:
Staff researchGraphic also includes a timeline of the the years 2004-2006 by
month, with the aforementioned months highlighted.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 18, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Graf's father faces tax evasion charges

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 737 words


Steffi Graf's father, jailed since August, was charged Wednesday
with evading $ 13 million in taxes and failing to report as much
as $ 28 million of his daughter's income.

German prosecutors filed the charges against Peter Graf and Joachim
Eckardt, the Graf family's tax adviser,

with Mannheim state court, charging the tax evasion took place
between 1989 and 1993. Graf, 57, has been in investigative custody
in a German prison since his arrest Aug. 2. Eckardt, who also
is jailed, was arrested Sept. 25. Prosecutors have said both are
being held to prevent them from fleeing or destroying evidence.
Mannheim prosecutor Peter Wechsung said no evidence exists that
Steffi Graf, 26, had a role in the tax evasion, although she remains
under investigation. A trial is not expected before late summer.
Graf, 11-0 in matches this year, has won two events -- Evert Cup
and Lipton -- since returning last month to the Corel WTA Tour
after foot surgery. She plays this weekend in an exhibition at
Rio de Janerio, Brazil, represents Germany in a Fed Cup match
against Japan April 27-28 and plays at the Italian Open May 6.

TYSON RESTRICTIONS: WBC heavyweight champion Mike Tyson can't
leave the country. Judge Patricia Gifford of Superior Court in
Marion County, Ind., who retains authority over his probation
from a 1992 rape conviction, ruled Tuesday on the restrictions.
She also ruled Tyson has to give a detailed agenda for out-of-state
trips while Chicago police investigate LaDonna August's claim
that Tyson sexually assaulted her. If he strays from the itinerary,
Gifford ruled he could lose all travel privileges.

IRVIN TARDY: Dallas receiver Michael Irvin and his co-defendants
indicted on drug possession charges arrived late for the first
pretrial hearing, much to the dismay of Criminal District Judge
Manny Alvarez. Irvin arrived 15 minutes late for the 9 a.m. hearing,
and Angela Renee Beck and Jasmine J. Nabwangu arrived 45 minutes
later. Said Alvarez, "If it's set for 9 o'clock, I expect you
to be here at 9 o'clock." A June 24 trial date was set, and Irvin's
lawyer, Kevin Clancy, subpoenaed records in an apparent move to
challenge the legality of a search that led to the indictment.
Clancy had asked Mike Bailey, manager of the Residence Inn by
Marriott, to bring a variety of records to the hearing. Bailey's
lawyer, Bob Bowles, filed a motion to quash the subpoena.

NFL DEALS: Detroit Lions safety Bennie Blades accepted the club's
minimum one-year contract tender of $ 1.69 million. Blades was
designated as a transition player, giving the Lions the right
to match any offer he received. "The transition tag was a real
impediment for us," agent Drew Rosenhaus said. . . . The Falcons
have offered quarterback Jeff George a three-year, $ 10 million
contract, according to The Atlanta Journal & Constitution.

WHEELS OF FORTUNE: Lance Armstrong, who has finished second five
times this year, dominated the Walloon Arrow cycling race in Huy,
Belgium, to win for the first time this season. Armstrong finished
eight seconds ahead of Didier Rous of France, and Italy's Maurizio
Fondriest was 54 seconds back.

YANKEE THREAT: Majority Democrats in the state Assembly, complaining
they have been left in the dark about negotiations to keep the
Yankees in New York, threatened to pass a bill that would allow
the state to condemn the team and take it over. The legislators
said they are alarmed by talk the Yankees might leave New York
and by recent estimates of what it might cost to keep them, $ 1
billion to build a domed, multisport stadium in Manhattan or some
$ 770 million to redesign and modernize Yankee Stadium. Yankees
vice president and general counsel David Sussman said there have
been no real negotiations yet on a new home for the team of which
the Assembly members could be apprised. He called the threatened
condemnation of the team "unorthodox" and "unprecedented."
"I am not sure if it is legal," he said.

TODAY'S QUOTE: "I feel so used, it's pitiful. She just married
me to get money from selling (our story) to the tabloids. Now
that the wedding's over, she doesn't need me anymore."

-- Michael Smith, Tonya Harding's ex-husband, who says the figure
skater married him 31/2 months ago only for the $ 20,000 she got
from selling their wedding story to the tabloids.

Compiled by Oscar Dixon

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Ron Heflin, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Nico Vereecken,
Reuters; Peter Graf Michael Irvin: Arrives late for first pretrial hearing.
Lance Armstrong: Celebrates after first win.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 20, 2017 Friday

Scranton funeral director charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Terrie Morgan-Besecker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


Jan. 20--A Scranton funeral director who was a key witness in the 2011
corruption trial of former Commissioners Robert Cordaro and A.J. Munchak faces
tax evasion charges.

Federal prosecutors say Al T. Hughes pilfered about $1.25 million from several
funeral homes over a five-year period, but reported total income of just
$268,164.

Mr. Hughes owns Thomas J. Hughes Funeral Home and Eagan-Hughes Funeral Home. He
also split the operation of two Scranton funeral homes owned by another person,
the McGoff-Hughes Funeral Home and the Davies & Jones Funeral Chapel, according
to the indictment.

The indictment says that from 2009 to 2014, Mr. Hughes cashed hundreds of
customer checks intended for payment of funeral services and deposited them into
his own account for his personal benefit. He failed to inform the other person
involved in the funeral homes, who is not identified, that he diverted the
money, and knowingly caused the businesses to underreport income, the indictment
says.

Mr. Hughes was not charged with any counts related to the theft of the money. He
is charged with five counts of tax evasion for under reporting income each year
from 2010 to 2014.

Mr. Hughes played a pivotal role in the case against Mr. Cordaro, who along with
Mr. Munchak was convicted in June 2011 of multiple charges for extorting money
from companies that did business with the county. Mr. Cordaro was sentenced to
11 years in prison and Mr. Munchak, seven years. At their trial, Mr. Hughes
testified he was the bag man who passed money from some of the businesses to Mr.
Cordaro. Mr. Cordaro vehemently denied Mr. Hughes' claims. He maintained Mr.
Hughes was a degenerate gambler who was lying, and that any money he collected
was done on his own to support his lavish lifestyle.

Several appellate courts upheld Mr. Cordaro's and Mr. Munchak's convictions.
Contacted Thursday, Mr. Cordaro's attorney, Brian T. Kelly of Boston, said he
will investigate whether the charges against Mr. Hughes affect Mr. Cordaro's
case and "will file appropriate motions as soon as possible."

"This federal indictment confirms that Al Hughes is not a credible person and
should never have been used as the main witness against Mr. Cordaro," Mr. Kelly
said in an email.

The indictment against Mr. Hughes was filed Tuesday but remained under seal
until Thursday. It says his income was "substantially" higher than what he
reported, but does not specify the amount he actually earned.

Mr. Hughes pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Thursday before U.S. District
Magistrate Judge Karoline Mehalchick and was released. Court records do not
indicate if he was required to post bail.

Attempts to reach Mr. Hughes and his attorney, Christopher B. Jones of Scranton,
were unsuccessful Thursday.

Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com, @tmbeseckerTT on Twitter.

___ (c)2017 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170120-YT-Scranton-funeral-director-charged-with-tax-evasion
-0120-20170120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2017 The Times-Tribune


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Anchorage Plastic Surgeon sentenced to prison for wire fraud and tax evasion

LENGTH: 662  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Alaska has issued the
following news release:



  U.S. Attorney for the District of Alaska, Karen L. Loeffler, and Acting
Assistant Attorney General of the Justice Department's Tax Division, Caroline D.
Ciraolo announced today that an Anchorage plastic surgeon was sentenced to 48
months in prison for wire fraud and tax evasion.





 Dr. Michael D. Brandner, 67, of Anchorage, Alaska, was convicted by a federal
jury in November 2015 of four counts of wire fraud and three counts of tax
evasion.  The charges arose from a scheme to conceal over $5 million of assets
in secret bank accounts in Panama and Costa Rica from the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) and Dr. Brandner's wife.  According to the indictment and evidence
introduced at trial, shortly after his wife filed for divorce in late 2007, Dr.
Brandner collected millions of dollars in marital assets and secretly drove from
Tacoma, Washington, to Costa Rica in Central America.  In Costa Rica, he opened
two bank accounts into which he deposited over $350,000 in cash and hid a
thousand ounces of gold in a safe deposit box.  He then traveled to Panama where
he opened an account under the name of a sham corporation and deposited $4.6
million into the account in 2008.



 Dr. Brandner concealed both the existence of the bank accounts and the interest
income he earned on those accounts from the court in the divorce proceedings and
from the IRS.  Dr. Brandner owed the IRS $500,000 in additional taxes for the
2008 through the 2010 tax years.  In 2011, Dr. Brandner repatriated over $4.6
million once the divorce was final only to have the funds seized by U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations (ICE HSI)
special agents.  He then lied to federal agents about his control of the funds.



 In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Sharon L. Gleason ordered
Dr. Brandner to serve two years of supervised release and pay $25,922.95 toward
the costs of prosecution.  The judge will also consider the government's request
for restitution for Dr. Brandner's ex-wife.



 "Tax evasion and financial crimes undermine the system of laws that govern this
country and demean the vast majority of citizens that pay their taxes and deal
honestly and openly with the rules governing a whole array of judicial
procedures," said U.S. Attorney Loeffler.  "I appreciate the hard work of the
investigators and prosecutors who put the case together and presented it to the
jury resulting in these verdicts."



 "Tax evasion knows no geographic bounds," said Acting Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "This case demonstrates that there is no longer any country
where it is safe for a defendant like Dr. Brandner to hide money from the
government.  The Department of Justice, along with its law enforcement partners,
will continue to aggressively pursue individuals who conceal assets and income
abroad in an effort to evade our nation's tax laws."



 "Unchecked greed causes financial ruin to those left in its wake and creates an
uneven playing field for those who would circumvent the law.  Our mission at
IRS-CI is to be that check to the fraudulently greedy," stated Special Agent in
Charge Teri Alexander of IRS-Criminal Investigation.  "Michael Brandner
effectively stole from the US treasury and attempted to hide assets and money
from the courts in an attempt to skirt the tax laws.  We are grateful that the
Department of Justice partnered with us to bring Brandner to justice and protect
the integrity of our nation's tax system."



 U.S. Attorney Loeffler and Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commend
the special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and HSI, who investigated the
case, as well as prosecutors, Assistant U.S. Attorney Bryan Schroder, and Trial
Attorney Ignacio Perez de la Cruz of the Tax Division.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 23, 2012 Monday

Oldtown man guilty in tax evasion case

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 339 words


April 23--OLDTOWN --  A 50-year-old Oldtown man entered guilty pleas in U.S.
District Court in Martinsburg, W.Va., recently in connection with a 2008 tax
evasion case.

Kenneth Harold Hogan entered a plea of guilty to one misdemeanor count of
knowingly making a false statement for the purpose of causing an award to be
made and one felony count of attempt to evade and defeat taxes for calendar year
2008, according to U.S. Attorney William Ihlenfeld II.

Hogan retired as a railroad employee in 1995 because of a back injury. He
applied for a disability annuity through the U.S. Railroad Retirement Board in
May 1997. At this time, he claimed no other employment or self-employment. He
acknowledged that he would notify the Railroad Retirement Board immediately if
he performed any work and that he was aware that failure to do so would be a
federal crime.

Hogan was awarded a total and permanent disability Jan. 19, 1999, retroactive to
February 1996.

Evidence obtained revealed that Hogan fraudulently collected RRB-administered
disability benefits in 2006, 2007 and 2008, because at the same time he was
working and earning income beyond the "monthly allowable earnings" established
by law. Hogan did not advise the RRB of any of his income earned from his
business, Scrap Brothers Inc., established in 2005 and located in Paw Paw since
2006, which resulted in an overpayment of approximately $128,568 in government
funds to Hogan.

He also failed to file income tax returns for 2006 through 2008. In 2008, Hogan
received $81,024 in taxable income and owed $16,665 in tax.

As part of a plea agreement,  Hogan stipulated that the total tax due for 2006
through 2008 is $90,833.

Hogan, who is on bond pending sentencing, faces a maximum six months'
imprisonment and $10,000 fine on the false statement charge and five years'
imprisonment and $100,000 fine on the tax evasion charge.

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120423-UM-Oldtown-man-guilty-in-tax-evasion-case-0423-20120423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MARCH 17, 2000 Friday SFCITY EDITION

JUDGE ORDERS NEW TRIAL FOR BUCKS MAN CONVICTED OF TAX EVASION BUSINESSMAN MARK
MCLAUGHLIN'S 1996 TRIAL WAS TAINTED. HE AND HIS FAMILY OWN BUILDING INSPECTION
UNDERWRITERS.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 413 words


A federal judge yesterday ordered a new trial for a Bucks County businessman
convicted of tax evasion, ruling that his trial was tainted by the prosecutor's
failure to divulge evidence beneficial to the defense and by perjured testimony
of the government's key witness.

Chief U.S. District Judge James T. Giles wrote that the outcome of Mark
McLaughlin's 1996 tax-evasion trial was adversely affected by false statements
made by accountant Melvin Cherry and that McLaughlin was "surprised by and
unable to meet that false testimony."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Maureen Barden, who prosecuted the case, could not be
reached for comment on the judge's ruling.

First Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael L. Levy said his office would not comment
on the ruling or the possibility of an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for
the Third Circuit until after government lawyers analyzed the judge's opinion.

Defense lawyer Catherine M. Recker said she hoped federal prosecutors decided
not to retry McLaughlin, 41, of Doylestown, who with his family owns Building
Inspection Underwriters, a Holland-based company that performs building
inspections for municipalities in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

"We're so gratified that the judge saw things as we do," Recker said. "We're now
hoping that the government will decide to correct this wrong."

Recker said the investigation and prosecution of her client had "taken a
terrible toll on him and his family."

McLaughlin and his brother Russell, 47, were indicted in 1995 on tax-evasion
charges and together with their sister, Robin, were indicted on conspiracy
charges in an alleged scheme to divert more than $1.5 million from Building
Inspections Underwriters to evade federal income taxes.

The following year, a U.S. District Court jury acquitted the three siblings of
the conspiracy charge but convicted the two brothers on tax-evasion charges.

The Third Circuit reversed Russell McLaughlin's conviction in 1997, and he was
acquitted during a second trial. Mark McLaughlin was awaiting resentencing when
yesterday's ruling by Giles was filed.

Referring to the "exculpatory" evidence that was kept from McLaughlin's defense
lawyers, the judge wrote that the evidence would have undercut Cherry's
credibility before the jury and "probably would produce an acquittal if
presented at a new trial."

Giles did not determine whether the federal prosecutor who handled the 1996
trial knew Cherry was committing perjury.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Preston County man sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: Kathy Plum, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Feb. 08--CLARKSBURG -- A Preston County man will spend five months in jail and
pay the IRS what it says he owes, after pleading guilty to tax evasion.

According to court documents, Brandon E. Reckart, of Bruceton Mills, is the
owner of BGW Corp., a metal recycling company that does business in Kingwood and
Reedsville.

An IRS public information officer said that on Monday, Judge Gina Groh sentenced
him to five months of incarceration.

The maximum Reckart could have been sentenced to was up to five years in prison,
a fine up to $250,000 and three years supervised release or five years
probation, according to court documents.

Under the sentence imposed by Judge Groh, after his release, Reckart will be on
supervised release by the U.S. Probation Office for 3 1/2 years. He was not
fined or assessed a special assessment but was ordered to pay $70,514
restitution to the IRS.

Reckart pleaded guilty in September to an information charge, which is used
rather than taking a suspect before a grand jury, with one count of tax evasion
by not paying federal income tax of $39,312 for tax year 2011.

According to the information, Reckart evaded income tax for 2010, 2012 and 2013.

The stipulation of facts in the case agreed upon by both sides indicates that,
as of the plea date, Reckart structured about 383 transactions, totaling more
than $3.7 million, in accounts at BB&T and Clear Mountain Bank from January 2011
to June 2014.

The stipulation of facts also says that Reckart paid employees and withheld
taxes from their paychecks and paid them to the IRS, during the time period in
question.

When BGW Corp. began making withdrawals of less than $10,000.01, both the
company and Reckart stopped filing income tax returns. Reckart transferred BGW
funds to his personal account and his Snap-On Tools account, and to another BGW
account.

Reckart hired a forensic accountant to reconstruct his income for 2010-'13, who
prepared tax forms for those years.

Reckart's attorney did not reply in time for this report.

___ (c)2017 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170208-MV-Preston-County-man-sentenced-for-tax-evasion-0208-20170208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2017 The Dominion Post


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 29, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Heidi Fleiss, father charged

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 95 words


Heidi Fleiss, facing an Aug. 22 trial on pandering and cocaine charges, has been
indicted by a federal grand jury in a separate case. The charges include
conspiracy, tax evasion and money laundering.

A 14-count indictment against the alleged Hollywood Madam was handed down
Thursday in L.A. It also names Fleiss' father, pediatrician Paul Fleiss,
accusing him of helping conceal some of her income from authorities.

Fleiss, 28, has pleaded not guilty to the pandering and cocaine charges. She and
her father are due in court Monday on the new charges.

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: People

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday

Sports in brief: Auto Racing: Castroneves pleads not guilty

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 236 words


Race car driver and ''Dancing With The Stars'' winner Helio Castroneves pleaded
not guilty Friday to federal tax evasion charges and declared outside the
courtroom that he would treat the case like a race against the Internal Revenue
Service.

Castroneves, 33, spoke after his release on $10 million bail following a court
appearance in which he was shackled in handcuffs and leg chains and was visibly
weeping into a wad of white tissue.

A grand jury on Thursday indicted Castroneves on charges of conspiracy and six
counts of tax evasion.

Tennis

Venus advances at Porsche GP

Venus Williams beat third-seeded Dinara Safina 6-4, 6-2 at the Porsche Grand
Prix to set up a semifinal with Jelena Jankovic, who will be No. 1 in next
week's rankings.

Jankovic rallied from a break down in each set to edge seventh-seeded Vera
Zvonareva 7-6 (8), 7-6 (5). This was the second time in two weeks Jankovic beat
her.

WNBA

Shock take 2-0 lead in Finals

Katie Smith scored 22 points and the Detroit Shock built a big lead in the first
quarter, then hung on to defeat the San Antonio Silver Stars 69-61 Friday night
and take a 2-0 lead in the WNBA finals.

* Candace Parker of the Los Angeles Stars received the WNBA's most valuable
player award Friday, becoming the first player to win the award along with the
rookie of the year honors.

Parker edged Connecticut's Lindsay Whalen and Seattle's Sue Bird in the MVP
race.

- Combined news services

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Tennessee: Meigs County Man Arrested on Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the indictment and arrest of Kenneth
Eugene McCallie for tax evasion. Revenue special agents arrested McCallie at his
residence.





 On March 28, the Meigs County Grand Jury indicted McCallie, 55, on one count of
tax evasion. Bond was set at $2,500.



 "The Department of Revenue promotes voluntary taxpayer compliance by educating
taxpayers, aggressively pursuing criminal sanctions and demanding accountability
when taxpayers engage in fraudulent activity," Revenue Commissioner Richard
Roberts said. "This arrest underscores the Department's ongoing efforts to
enforce Tennessee's tax laws."



 If convicted, McCallie could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the
state penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for the felony count of attempted tax
evasion.



 The Department is pursuing the criminal case in cooperation with District
Attorney General Russell Johnson and his staff. Citizens who suspect violations
of Tennessee's revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at
(800) FRAUDTX (372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87 percent of
total state revenue. During the 2015 fiscal year, it collected $12.6 billion in
state taxes and fees and more than $2.4 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Philadelphia Daily News

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday

Briefly... NATION/WORLD

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 567 words


With no refund fraud program, IRS costs government $200M+

The Internal Revenue Service cost the government $200 million to $300 million
this year because a computer program that screens tax returns for fraudulent
refunds wasn't operating.

The tax agency said yesterday that a contractor promised to deliver by January a
new version of the program, but missed the deadline, and IRS officials could not
put the old program back into operation in time.

Ex-Burlington Twp. mayor

on probation for tax evasion

The former mayor of Burlington Township, Joseph Foy Sr., was sentenced yesterday
to two years' probation after pleading guilty to four counts of tax evasion for
failing to report $52,944 in income from golf tournaments he held while mayor.

Foy led participants to believe the money was for political or charitable
causes, but was deposited into his bank accounts.

Jacko, ex-adviser get $$$

in split decision on lawsuits

In a split decision yesterday, a civil court jury in Santa Monica, Calif.,
awarded a former Michael Jackson adviser $900,000 - far less than he sought -
and awarded the pop star $200,000 in his cross-complaint.

F. Marc Schaffel originally sued for $3.8 million. His claims were later reduced
to $1.6 million, and his attorney ultimately asked the jury for $1.4 million.

Jackson's attorney had said Schaffel owed Jackson $660,000 before the pop star
fired him in November 2001 after learning of his past as a producer of gay
pornography.

Mistakenly released prisoner guilty of torture, murders

A Michigan man who killed three people after being mistakenly released from
prison pleaded guilty yesterday to murdering two of them - a pregnant woman and
her husband.

Patrick Selepak, 27, faces a mandatory life term when sentenced Aug. 1. He
previously received a life sentence for the third killing. Selepak, of
Chesterfield Township, admitted torturing and killing Scott and Melissa Berels.

Carbon monoxide leak kills 1,

sickens dozens at college

Carbon monoxide leaked into a college dormitory early yesterday, killing a man
and sickening dozens of teens and adults attending summer programs at Roanoke
College, the school said.

College spokeswoman Teresa Gereaux said more than 80 people had been taken to
two Roanoke Valley hospitals, and an elderly man had died.

Nearly 140 adults and teens from across Virginia were staying in the Salem dorm
as part of Upward Bound, a program geared toward helping teens pursue higher
education,and Power in the Spirit, a Lutheran group, a school spokesperson said.

3 Canadians are jailed

for digging drug tunnel

Three men convicted of digging the first tunnel found under the U.S.-Canadian
border were each sentenced yesterday in Seattle to nine years in prison.

The three, all from Surrey, British Columbia, were arrested last July, shortly
after finishing the 360-foot tunnel just north of Lynden.

It ran from the living room of a house on the U.S. side to a boarded-up Quonset
hut on the Canadian side and was used for smuggling drugs, authorities said.

Prosecutors said Francis Devandra Raj, 31, Timothy Woo, 35, and Jonathan
Valenzuela, 28, spent a year working on the tunnel, which cost about $400,000.

The investigators allowed three marijuana-running trips to take place in the
tunnel in hopes of learning more about the suspects and whether they were
involved in a wider drug ring.

In each case the defendants were tailed as they left.

Daily News wire services

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            December 4, 2009 Friday

Legal shakeup for Diamond as plea deadline nears

BYLINE: MICHAEL POLLICK

SECTION: A; ARTICLE; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 761 words


Apparently balking at the terms of a plea deal, accused Ponzi schemer Beau
Diamond reportedly yelled at his lawyer, fired her and replaced her with the
attorney who has so far kept action star Wesley Snipes out of prison.

Federal prosecutors have set a deadline of today for Diamond to sign a plea deal
-- the terms are unknown -- or face trial on charges of defrauding 200
investors, many of them Sarasota baby boomers, out of millions of dollars.

In a court filing on Thursday asking to be excused from the case, Tampa criminal
defense attorney Lori Palmieri revealed the deadline and other aspects of what
has turned out to be a turbulent relationship with Diamond, who has been in the
Pinellas County Jail for three months.

With the plea deadline looming, Diamond's family stopped communicating with
Palmieri and apparently started courting Milwaukee lawyer Robert G. Bernhoft.

Besides Snipes, Bernhoft has represented Joe Francis, the founder of "Girls Gone
Wild," in a $34 million tax evasion case related to his videos.

Bernhoft's defense of Snipes, who this month appealed a three-year sentence for
tax evasion, was part of a case billed as the most prominent tax prosecution
since billionaire hotelier Leona Helmsley was convicted of tax fraud in 1989.

A Los Angeles judge this month sentenced Francis to 301 days already served and
a year of probation for filing false income tax returns and bribing Nevada jail
workers.

Diamond's case also has tax implications.

For two and a half years, the FBI and Internal Revenue Service allege in a
criminal complaint, Diamond was running a Ponzi scheme in which he guaranteed
his investors a monthly return of up to 5 percent per month.

He took in nearly $38 million in principal, paid $15.6 million to investors to
keep the money flowing in from others, lost $15.4 million in foreign currency
trading, and made $6.6 million in unauthorized expenditures, the complaint
alleges.

Bernhoft has not yet filed court papers saying he is representing Diamond, but
Palmieri's four-page explanation of reasons for wanting to leave mentions the
lawyer amid its newsy narrative about a week of frenetic legal action on behalf
of Diamond.

In her motion, Palmieri says she gradually became aware that she had been
replaced, starting with an e-mail from Diamond's stepfather, Donald Schnell, the
night of Nov. 29 that said she was going to be fired.

The next day, Monday, Palmieri attempted to visit Diamond in jail but learned
that he was already conferring with two out-of-state attorneys.

With nothing concrete to go on, Palmieri kept her appointment that same day with
U.S. Attorney for the Middle District A. Brian Albritton, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Terry Zitek and FBI and IRS agents.

It is unclear what was said, but in her court filing, Palmieri said the
government stuck to "the firm plea deadline of Friday, Dec. 4."

Whatever offer has been on the table appears not to have been well received by
Diamond or his relatives.

On Dec. 2, Palmieri received an e-mail from Bernhoft saying he had been retained
to "consult" with her client and to "provide a second legal opinion on the plea
agreement proposal currently on the table."

Palmieri spent that day trying to communicate with Beau Diamond or his parents,
Marilyn Diamond Schnell and Harvey Diamond, co-authors of the 1980s best-seller
"Fit for Life."

According to Palmieri, she called Marilyn Diamond Schnell on her cell phone:
"Mrs. Schnell answered but said she could not take the call and abruptly hung
up."

A call to Harvey Diamond went unanswered.

Concluding that her representation was over, Palmieri wrote up a motion to
withdraw and took it with her on a visit to Diamond in jail.

At that meeting, Diamond said he wanted to fire Palmieri, but refused to sign
the document, saying it was "not prepared by his attorney."

"The meeting deteriorated and ended with defendant yelling at the undersigned
which prompted a detention deputy to physically remove him from the interview
room," Palmieri wrote.

That Beau Diamond was considering a plea deal has been known for two months,
ever since his family paid for Palmieri to take over for a federal public
defender in late September.

A written plea proposal from the U.S. attorney, Palmieri told a judge at
Diamond's second unsuccessful bail hearing, landed on her desk during the week
of Nov. 9.

A magistrate judge is scheduled Monday to consider Palmieri's request to
withdraw.

Asked if changing lawyers extends the deadline on the government's plea deal,
U.S. Attorney's Office spokesman Steve Cole said he could provide no further
information.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Accused Ponzi schemer Beau Diamond must decide today whether to accept
a plea deal or face trial.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday

ANTIQUES STEALERS - FINE-ARTS QUEEN AND EX-PROTEGE SENTENCED OVER TAX-EVASION
PLOTS

BYLINE: LAURA ITALIANO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 432 words


On one side of the Manhattan courtroom - sitting swaddled to the point of
vanishing inside a huge down coat - was Helen Fioratti, at 74, one of the
world's foremost experts in Italian antiques.

On the other side, facing the judge from the defense table, sat James Sansum,
her former protege - handsome, well-tailored, half her age, and an antiques
expert in his own right.

For 12 years, Fioratti had been like a mother and mentor to Sansum, elevating
him to her right-hand man and shareholder at her prestigious L'Antiquaire and
the Connoisseur Inc. gallery on East 73rd Street - even allowing him to live for
years in the apartment upstairs.

Fioratti - onetime antiques supplier for disgraced Tyco CEO Dennis Kozlowski -
sat and watched as Sansum was sentenced to three years' probation on misdemeanor
business fraud and $50,000 in tax evasion. He earned the no-jail deal in part by
ratting Fioratti out on her own whopping $600,000 tax evasion, for which she
received a no-jail sentence last month.

Sansum has known the Fioratti family since he studied art history at Harvard in
the late '80s, and dated Fioratti's daughter, fellow Harvard alum Arianna.

Sansum's father had recently been convicted in Washington state of shooting his
mother to death for the insurance. Insiders say the Fiorattis became the second
family Sansum so desperately needed at that tragic time.

Then, in 2001, came their falling out. Sansum announced to Fioratti that he is
gay - his new boyfriend was famed interior designer Markham Roberts. And he also
announced his intention to cash in his share of the business and start his own
gallery, which he did - James Sansum Fine and Decorative Art on Lexington
Avenue.

Sansum's side blames this perceived "betrayal" for what happened next: Fioratti
accused Sansum of stealing some $500,000 in art from her gallery and running
rampant with his company credit card - including charging the gallery for his
tanning-salon bills and Gucci buying binges.

Fioratti concocted the trumped-up charges out of homophobia and vindictiveness,
because her "golden boy" was abandoning her, Sansum's side says.

Fioratti's side said she's no homophobe.

"When she found out that he had someone in his life, she was actually very
pleased for him," said her lawyer, Michael Miller. "She hosted dinners in their
honor, attended by his personal friends."

Miller also said that, unlike Sansum, Fioratti is no rat. She has not cooperated
with prosecutors against anyone, including Kozlowski, to whose decorator
Fioratti once sold hundreds of thousands of dollars in antiques.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HAPLESS ANTIQUARIANS: James Sansum (above) is battling former employer
and mentor Helen Fioratti (right).    [Ruby Washington / The New York Times;
Patrick McMullan]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 10, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor Gets Court Order Over Ouster

BYLINE: By JOSEPH F. SULLIVAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 402 words

DATELINE: JERSEY CITY, Jan. 9


A Superior Court judge today ordered Mayor Gerald McCann of Jersey City to
appear before him on Feb. 7 to show why he should not be removed from office
following his conviction last month on Federal fraud and tax-evasion charges.

Judge Arthur N. D'Italia signed the order at the request of Robert J. Del Tufo,
the State Attorney General, who said that because Mr. McCann was convicted of a
crime of dishonesty, "forfeit of the office is mandated."

The 41-year-old Mayor was convicted on Dec. 17 of defrauding Southern
Floridabanc Savings and Loan of Boca Raton, Fla., of more than $260,000 it
entrusted to him to bid on a marina project at Liberty State Park in Jersey City
in 1986. He also was convicted of income tax evasion.

Matthew P. Boylan, Mr. McCann's lawyer, said he would confer with the Mayor
about fighting the ouster move by asking the judge to let him continue in his
$63,000-a-year job while he appeals his conviction.

"The conviction does not touch on his public office," Mr. Boylan said, "so that
could be one argument we could make if he wants to." The crimes of which Mr.
McCann was convicted occurred after his first term as Mayor ended in 1985 and
before his second term began in 1989.

Mr. McCann was not at City Hall today, Mr. Boylan said.

An Interim Mayor?

The City Council will be able to appoint an interim mayor if Mr. McCann is
removed. McCann supporters had a 5-to-4 Council majority, but one Council
member, Efrain Rosario, a McCann backer, died a few days before the trial began.

The Mayor lobbied for a sympathetic replacement on the Council who would have
preserved the McCann majority and enabled him to choose his own successor. But
some Council members boycotted the meetng that was to fill the vacancy, and no
action has been taken on replacing Mr. Rosario.

Several Council members, some of whom aspire to the Mayor's job, have said they
want an outsider with management skills as interim mayor, someone who would
agree not to run for the office in a special election to be held in November if
Mr. McCann is ousted. The winner of that election would serve until May 1993,
when the seat would again be contested.

Among the non-Council members mentioned most frequently as a possible interim
mayor is Bernard M. Hartnett Jr., who retired last year from the New Jersey Bell
Telephone Company and once served as Hudson County Democratic chairman.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 9, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

6 Accused of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 175 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 8


Six Wall Street brokers were charged with tax evasion today as a result of the
New York State Tax Department's crackdown on the financial industry, Attorney
General Robert Abrams announced. The men have not yet been arraigned. Two
employees of Goldman, Sachs & Company were charged with a felony for having
failed to file state income tax returns for three consecutive years in which
they owed taxes. Both men are accused of failing to report more than $140,000 in
taxable income.

The four other men were charged with misdemeanors for failing to file tax
returns for two years. One of them, an employee of E. F. Hutton, is accused of
failing to report more than $1 million in taxable income.

The six men are Alexander S. Ehrlich, a vice president at Goldman, Sachs; Harold
H. Verity, supervisor of facilities for Goldman, Sachs; Timothy T. Frost,
managing director of Smith Barney, Harris Upham; Joe P. Miller, an account
executive for Merrill Lynch; Gary A. Rice, a representative of Bear, Stearns,
and Paul Yang, a broker for E. F. Hutton.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              April 5, 2013 Friday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Hoagie shop franchise sues Mount Laurel man over debt

BYLINE: By Jane M. Von Bergen; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com Biz; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 280 words


Nicholas Papanier, 57, owner of PrimoHoagies Franchising Inc., was in federal
court in Camden two weeks ago, pleading guilty to tax evasion stemming from
taxes he owed on hoagie shop operators' cash payments to him for salami, ham,
and other deli ingredients.

This week, his company was back in Camden's federal courthouse, having filed a
lawsuit against one of its shop operators.

The suit, filed Tuesday, says Jay Venito of Mount Laurel agreed in January 2011
to run a PrimoHoagie store on Route 38 in Lumberton. As part of the deal, he
would have to pay 7 percent of sales for franchise fees and advertising.

When he didn't pay, the suit said, PrimoHoagie sent a default notice. Venito's
response, the suit said, was "to conduct a fire sale of their business . . . in
a manner calculated to embarrass and tarnish the reputation of Primo."

Venito could not be reached for comment, and Primo's lawyer, Craig R.
Tractenberg of Philadelphia, said Primo had been unsuccessful in contacting
Venito.

The franchise agreement, according to the suit, gives Primo the right to operate
a troubled business and first shot at buying equipment and other assets.

Primo has more than 60 hoagie franchises in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
PrimoHoagies Franchising is based in Sewell.

Papanier faces sentencing on the tax-evasion case June 28 before U.S. District
Judge Noel Hillman.

Contact Jane Von Bergen at jvonbergen@phillynews.com, @JaneVonBergen on Twitter,
or 215-854-2769. Read her workplace blog at www.philly.com/jobbing.

Primo Hoagies franchiser cuts deal on tax-evasion charge

http://www.philly.com/philly/business/20130322_Primo_Hoagies_franchiser_cuts_dea
l_on_tax-evasion_charge.html

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 22, 2007 Tuesday

east bay roundup San Francisco

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 954 words


DANVILLE DOCTOR PLEADS GUILTY IN TAX CASE: Danville oral surgeon Leroy Albert
Lewis has pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to defraud the government
and income tax evasion.

His guilty plea came in federal court Friday and was announced Monday by U.S.
Attorney Scott Schools. Lewis was indicted by a federal grand jury in October
2005 and charged with one count of conspiracy and four counts of tax evasion.
Under a plea agreement, Lewis pled guilty to one count of conspiracy.

According to the indictment, for more than 10 years Lewis attempted to evade tax
on income earned from his medical practice. He was a client of Tower Executive
Resources, a Denver organization that the U.S. Attorney's Office said promoted a
tax evasion scheme involving the use of false invoices. According to a news
release from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Lewis' "medical practice paid funds to
Tower in exchange for bogus Tower invoices to substantiate huge false business
expenses Mr. Lewis deducted on the medical practice's returns. Tower then
deposited the bulk of those funds into an offshore bank account."

Sentencing is scheduled Aug. 17 in San Francisco. The maximum penalty is five
years' imprisonment, a $250,000 fine and three years of supervised release.
Lewis' son, Danville dentist Roy Lewis, was charged in the same indictment. In
August, after a three-week trial, Roy Lewis was convicted of conspiring to
defraud the government and evade income taxes from 1998 through 2001. On Feb.
23, he was sentenced to 24 months in prison, followed by three years of
supervised release.

-- Kelly Gust Castro Valley

JENNY LIN MEMORIAL SERVICE SET: A memorial service and candlelight vigil will be
held Friday evening to remember Jenny Lin, a Castro Valley teen who was found
dead in her home nearly 13 years ago. The talented musician and straight-A
student was killed May 27, 1994. Her slaying remains unsolved.

Last year, Alameda County sheriff's investigators named a suspect in the case:
Sebastian Alexander Shaw, 39, who is serving multiple life sentences in Oregon
for three homicides and an attempted murder and rape in that state.
Investigators said Shaw was in the Bay Area about the time of Jenny's death. But
since the naming of Shaw, there have no new developments in the case.

Friday's memorial service begins at 6:30 p.m. at Canyon Middle School, 19600
Cull Canyon Road, Castro Valley. Jenny's parents created the Jenny Lin
Foundation, which sponsors music and safety programs. The foundation also gives
out scholarships and hosts a youth concert.

There is a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction
of Jenny's killer. Anyone with information is asked to call sheriff's Sgt. Scott
Dudek at 510-667-7478 or 877-JENNY-LIN (536-6954). -- Sophia Kazmi

Pleasant Hill BERKELEY CITY COLLEGE CHIEF RECOMMENDED AS DVC PRESIDENT: Diablo
Valley College leaders have recommended Berkeley City College President Judy
Walters as the school's next president.

Walters, whose hiring must be approved by the college district board May 30,
would replace interim President Diane Scott-Summers and give DVC its first
permanent leader since last summer, when Mark Edelstein left to take a job in
New Hampshire. Walters, who beat out two other finalists, would start at DVC
this summer, said school spokeswoman Chrisanne Knox. Walters oversaw a major
transition at Berkeley City College. The school changed its name from Vista
Community College and opened a new campus last year.

-- Matt Krupnick Pleasanton

MURAL PROJECT FUNDRAISER SCHEDULED: The Alameda County Fair and the Pleasanton
Downtown Association are joining forces to promote the fair and the Downtown
Mural Project with a fundraiser. For each advance fair ticket purchased by June
20 at any of five participating businesses in downtown Pleasanton, $1 will be
contributed to the Pleasanton Downtown Association's mural program.

The association recently kicked off the program with a scene of Pleasanton in
the early 1900s being painted on the north face of Strizzi's Restaurant by local
artist Gary Winter. He will be putting the final touches on the mural during the
next couple of weeks. The association's mural committee is reviewing artists'
designs and working with building owners to finalize other downtown mural
locations. Money from the fair advance ticket sales will help defray the costs
of the program.

Advance tickets to the fair can be purchased until June 20 at Clover Creek, 670
Main St.; Domus, 652 Main St.; Sincerely Yours Cards and Gifts, 711 Main St.;
Three Dog Bakery, 335 St. Mary's St.; and Towne Center Books, 555 Main St.
Advance tickets are $6 for adults (ages 13 and older), $5 for seniors (ages 62
and older) and $4 for children (ages 6 to 12). Tickets purchased at the gate
during the fair are $9, $7, and $6 respectively. The fair runs from June 22
through July 8.

-- Meera Pal Berkeley

UC APPROVES HEALTH SCIENCE BUILDING: University of California leaders last week
approved construction of a UC Berkeley building dedicated to health sciences.
The Li Ka Shing Center for Biomedical and Health Sciences will replace
52-year-old Warren Hall, which is to be demolished next year.

The new five-story building will be located on the western edge of campus.The
center is named for Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing, who in 2005 donated a
quarter of the building's $160 million cost. The donation was the university's
largest international gift and one of its heftiest sums overall. "The Li Ka
Shing Center is a critical investment in the future of biomedical scientific
research at Berkeley, particularly in the area of stem cell biology," Chancellor
Robert Birgeneau said in a statement.

The building is scheduled to open in 2009. -- Matt Krupnick

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

IRS Employees Arrested for Fraudulent Tax Returns, Two Others Charged for Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  This week, prior to the annual tax return filing deadline, four individuals,
including two current IRS employees, were charged in separate cases with federal
tax crime, United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced today.





 Longtime IRS Employees Arrested Today in Fresno



 Two long-time IRS employees were arrested today at the IRS facility in Fresno
as they came to work. On April 14, 2015, a 38-count indictment was brought
against Della Ornelas, 48, and Randall Ruff, 52, both of Fresno, charging them
with aiding others in the preparation of false tax returns, and making their own
fraudulent tax returns as employee of the United States.  According to the
indictment, Ornelas and Ruff are married to each other, and are longtime
employees of the Internal Revenue Service in Fresno. They are charged with
helping themselves, family and friends file false tax returns that claimed false
dependents, generating large tax refunds that were diverted into bank accounts
they controlled. They allegedly defrauded the United States of approximately
$146,561 over a seven-year period.



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Treasury Inspector General
for Tax Administration and the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark J. McKeon is prosecuting the case. (case #
1:16-cr-054)



 Fairfield Resident Indicted for Tax Evasion



 On Thursday, April 14, 2016, a federal grand jury returned an indictment
against Bobby Louis Sanders, 52, of Fairfield, charging him with two counts of
tax evasion. According to the indictment, Sanders failed to pay the tax due of
$31,061 for tax years 2009 and 2010 and failed to file tax returns for tax years
2009 and 2010. The indictment alleges that Sanders willfully provided false
information on W-4 forms claiming exemptions he was not entitled to claim.



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service.
Assistant U.S. Attorney William S. Wong is prosecuting the case. (case #
2:16-cr-081)



 Citrus Heights Man Indicted for Failure to File Tax Returns



 On April 12, 2016, Donnie Francis Schroeder, 52, of Citrus Heights, was charged
with four-counts of failure to file income taxes for tax years 2009 through
2012. According to court documents, between 2009 and 2012, Schroeder willfully
did not file income taxes on income he earned as a 50 percent partner in a
sweeping and cleaning business that operates in Sacramento and Reno, Nevada.



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigation. Assistant U.S. Attorney Andr&eacute; M. Espinosa is
prosecuting the case. (case # 2:16-cr-080)



 If convicted, Ornelas and Ruff face a maximum statutory sentence of three years
in prison for each count of aiding and abetting false tax returns and five years
in prison for making fraudulent tax return by an employee of the United States.
If convicted, Sanders faces a maximum statutory penalty of five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine on each count. If convicted, Schroeder faces a maximum
statutory penalty of one year in prison and a $25,000 fine for each count. Any
sentence, however, would be determined at the discretion of the court after
consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing
Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables.



 The charges against each of the foregoing defendants are only allegations; the
defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt.



 In addition to the above, so far in 2016, eight individuals have been indicted,
five have been convicted and 14 were sentenced for either submitting false
claims for refunds or evading taxes. For more information, see the press release
also issued this week.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                 June 16, 2005

Business;
News in Brief

SECTION: Pg. 405B3

LENGTH: 1027 words


Former Salomon Smith Barney executive Thomas Moogan May 26 was indicted on
charges of extorting $643,000 in cash bribes from construction and technology
firms that had worked with the company, a branch of financial-services giant
Citigroup Inc. Prosecutors said Moogan and his wife, Joan Moogan, between 1998
and 2002 had funneled the money through their private corporation. Joan Moogan
was charged with one count of tax evasion, while Thomas Moogan was charged with
bribery, tax evasion and falsifying business records. Both pleaded not guilty.
Thomas Moogan in 2002 had been fired from Salomon Smith Barney after misusing a
corporate credit card, the company said.

Judge Alan Gold of U.S. District Court in Miami, Florida, May 18 ruled that
Exxon Mobil Corp., the largest oil company in the U.S., must pay damages to as
many as 10,000 gas stations owners who in 1991 had sued the company, alleging
that it had overcharged them for gasoline between 1983 and 1994. A jury in 2001
had ordered Irving, Texas-based Exxon to pay plaintiffs $500 million in
reparation for stalled payments under a discount agreement. The judge ruled that
Exxon's numerous appeals of that decision had made a "judicial train wreck" of
the claims process. With interest, Exxon could be liable for up to $1.3 billion
in damages. [See 2001 Business: News in Brief]

San Ramon, California-based ChevronTexaco Corp. May 9 announced that it had
changed its name back to Chevron Corp. The oil concern had added "Texaco" to its
name following its October 2001 acquisition of Texaco Inc. Chevron Chairman
David O'Reilly said the company had decided to revert to the original name to
reduce confusion. However, the company planned to continue to sell gas under the
Texaco name in 21 states. [See 2005 Mergers and Acquisitions: ChevronTexaco
Acquires Rival Unocal; 2001 Mergers and Acquisitions: Texaco Sells Stakes, Seals
Chevron Deal]

New York University history student Hakan Yalincak May 6 was indicted on bank
fraud charges for attempting to pass $43 million worth of bogus checks through
accounts in Greenwich, Connecticut, and Switzerland. The 21-year-old student
also faced civil charges on allegations that he had duped two Connecticut
residents into investing $2.8 million in a nonexistent hedge fund. Prosecutors
at his May 12 bail hearing said Yalincak, a Turkish citizen, had deposited a
fake check for $17.78 million in a Swiss bank and, a day later, had deposited
another check for $25 million into a Greenwich branch of the Bank of New York
Co. He had tried to withdraw $1.7 million from the Greenwich account the
following day, but bank employees had already frozen the account. Prosecutors
also said a police search of his family's Pound Ridge, New York, home had
revealed a fraudulent $8.78 million check from investment bank Lehman Brothers
Holdings Inc.

Waddell & Reed Financial Inc., a brokerage firm based in Overland Park, Kansas,
April 29 agreed to reimburse $11 million to clients whose investments it had
improperly switched from one annuity plan to another, thereby generating fees
for its brokers. Waddell & Reed also agreed to pay a $5 million fine to private
securities regulator NASD and to pay a $2 million fine to state regulators. Two
of the firm's former executives, former President Robert Hechler and former
sales manager Robert Williams, each agreed to a $150,000 fine and a six-month
ban from the brokerage industry. [See 2004 Mutual Fund Trading Scandal: MFS Co.
Settles with Regulators; Other Developments]

Judge Carol Jackson of U.S. District Court in St. Louis, Missouri, April 22
sentenced four former Charter Communications Inc. employees for scheming to
artificially inflate the cable-television company's subscriber rolls and
revenue. Former Chief Financial Officer Kent Kalkwarf was sentenced to 14 months
in prison plus two years of probation. He had pleaded guilty January 26 to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud for a revenue-inflating scheme,
becoming the last of the four men to plead guilty. Former Chief Operating
Officer David Barford was sentenced to serve one year and one day in prison plus
two years of probation for fraudulently inflating the company's subscriber
numbers. Former senior vice presidents David McCall and James Smith 3rd were
both given two years of probation for participating in the scheme. Kalkwarf,
Barford and McCall were also fined $200,000 each, and Smith was fined $175,000.
Smith in a court filing following the sentencing alleged that Charter founder
Paul Allen, also a co-founder of software giant Microsoft Corp., had been aware
of the subscriber-number scheme, it was reported April 28. A spokesman for Allen
denied the charge. [See 2005 Business: News in Brief]

Former American Online Inc. (AOL) executive vice president for human resources
Gregory Horton April 19 was sentenced to 46 months in prison for arranging to
have company contractors make payments to outside companies in which he held an
interest. As part of his sentence, Horton was ordered to reimburse more than $2
million to two other companies he had defrauded, AutoNation Inc. and Qwest
Communications Inc. Horton had defrauded Dulles, Virginia-based AOL, a unit of
Time Warner Inc., of $100,000, but had already reimbursed the company. [See 2003
Business: Time Warner Drops AOL Name; Other Developments]

Power producer Dynegy Inc. April 15 agreed to pay $468 million in cash and stock
to settle a shareholder lawsuit charging the company with fraudulently boosting
its financial position in 2001 through a complicated scheme that allowed it to
disguise a $300 million Citigroup loan as cash flow. The Houston, Texas-based
company would pay $250 million in cash plus $68 million in stock, while the
company's insurers would contribute $150 million. Dynegy also agreed to elect
two new directors from a list compiled by the University of California, the
suit's lead plaintiff. The university said Citigroup, which had successfully
avoided prosecution for its role in the scheme, had agreed to pay $5 million if
plaintiffs agreed not to appeal. [See 2003 Business: Dynegy Ex-Traders Plead
Guilty to Fraud; Other Developments]

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Facts on File, Inc.


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    January 4, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. fugitive married Belize envoy in Vancouver

BYLINE: EDWARD ALDEN; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1201 words


A fugitive U.S. millionaire married in Vancouver and kept a home here for seven
years at a time when he was wanted in Oklahoma on charges of tax evasion,
according to documents filed with the Belizian government and interviews with
friends of the couple.

Joseph Ross, using the pseudonym Gilberto Picon, married Pamella Denham in B.C.
Dec. 30, 1985, only two weeks after he fled Tulsa to evade a U.S. grand jury
subpoena, according to a copy of the marriage certificate sent to the Belizian
government when the couple applied for Belizian citizenship in 1988.

Ross left Tulsa Dec. 14, 1985 after he was served with a subpoena by a U.S.
grand jury. Pamella Picon is currently the consul general for Belize in
Vancouver.

A friend and neighbor of the couple, Kurt Rudzewski, said the two had lived off
and on in Vancouver at least since 1989. Rudzewski said he and the Picons both
bought condominiums at Tudor Manor on Beach Avenue at the same time.

"I don't think they were really residents of Canada, because they were only here
for a few months a year," Rudzewski said. They told him they also owned a
residence in France and lived there much of the year.

Rodney Ward, a lawyer who is defending Joseph Ross against the U.S. government's
extradition request, said he first met the couple socially in Vancouver in 1988.

The director of international affairs for the Belize ministry of foreign
affairs, Dianna Locke, said in a telephone interview that the couple's
application for Belizian citizenship claimed they had also lived in Vancouver
between 1970 and 1982.

Immigration and foreign affairs officials have been unable to shed any light on
how the couple was able to live in Canada for so long at a time when Ross was
being sought by U.S. authorities over failure to disclose and pay taxes on $
500,000 US in foreign bank account holdings.

Ross was arrested in Vancouver Dec. 20, and an extradition hearing was set
Friday. The hearing will be held May 6-7 in B.C. Supreme Court. Ross is
currently free on a $ 50,000 bail bond.

Pamella Picon is flying to Belize this weekend and is scheduled to meet next
Tuesday with that country's foreign affairs minister to discuss her status in
Vancouver following her husband's arrest, according to Locke. "We're very much
interested in finding out what she has to say about the subject," Locke said.
"We would like to hear the facts from her."

Picon, who was at the Belizian consul general office on the eighth floor at 1112
West Pender Friday morning, said she had no comment on her husband's case or on
her current situation as consul-general. "I'm going to wait until I hear word
from my government on what action I should take."

"It's a difficult situation, as you can appreciate," she said. "I can tell you
one thing -- I love my husband."

The federal immigration department said Friday it had no knowledge that the
couple was living in Canada until 1994, when the Belizian government applied for
a diplomatic passport on behalf of Pamella Picon. Murray Wilkinson, acting
enforcement manager at the Vancouver office of Immigration Canada, said that the
couple was not at any time admitted to Canada through ordinary immigration
procedures.

But he said the department launched an investigation into the case after stories
appeared in The Vancouver Sun.

The Canadian department of foreign affairs approved Picon's application for a
diplomatic passport on Sept. 9, 1994. The Belizian government said Thursday that
Picon's appointment "had been vetted and approved by Canadian authorities at the
time."

Charles Larabie of the Foreign Affairs department said, however, that "there is
no vetting or screening" of low-level diplomatic appointees, such as a
consul-general.

But Rudzewski, who was listed as a reference on Picon's 1993 application for the
post of consul general, said he was visited by an RCMP officer at the time Picon
was being considered for the post. "He asked me if I knew anything about their
business dealings," Rudzewski said.

It is not clear how Picon, who has never lived in Belize, managed to secure the
post as the country's consul general in Vancouver, an appointment that finally
gave her and her husband Ross the legal right to live in Canada full-time.

Picon was living in Vancouver in 1993 when she applied to establish a Belize
consulate-general in Vancouver, according to Locke. "It offered us an
opportunity to enter into the Canadian market," Locke said. Picon flew to Belize
to meet with Belize's foreign minister in the spring of 1994, before she was
appointed.

Locke said that "there are various different ways" people might come to the
government's attention as appropriate candidates, but she said she didn't know
anything about the circumstances of Picon's appointment.

The consul general's office in Vancouver was opened by Picon in 1994, and is one
of two Belize has in North America. The other is in Los Angeles. A Central
American country with a population of only 209,000, Belize has no embassy in
Ottawa, and diplomatic relations with Canada are handled by the ambassador in
Washington.

Picon officially reports to the Washington ambassador. But Dean Lindo, who
recently left the post as ambassador to Washington, said in a telephone
interview from Belize that he had never met either Picon or her husband.

"At that time our budget was too small for travel," he said. "I should have got
to meet her, but I didn't."

Picon said Friday her job in Vancouver was to promote Canadian investment and
tourism in Belize. She handed reporters a stack of glossy brochures touting the
country as a winter vacation paradise. The brochures also point out that
Belize's banking laws offer total secrecy to foreign account holders, as well as
freedom from taxes and exchange controls.

Two-way trade between Canada and Belize was only $ 15.9 million in 1995, but
more than 67,000 Canadians visited Belize.

In her resume presented to the Belize government in 1993, Picon said she was
educated at the University of northern Colorado from 1974 to 1976, and had also
done flight school training and French studies.

She listed several business interests, including membership on the Tudor Manor
strata corporation, a partnership in Picon Investments, and co-director of Joy
Ging Trust.

The couple's application for Belize citizenship, submitted in 1988, said they
had lived in Vancouver from 1970 to 1982, in Paraguay from 1982 to 1986, and in
Greece from 1986 to 1988.

About 65 countries have consular representatives in Vancouver, with roughly 500
people enjoying some form of diplomatic immunity, according to a 1995 article in
the journal of the Vancouver Bar Association.

Diplomatic privileges include exemption from all direct taxes and customs
duties. Consular officials can also buy gasoline without paying retail sales
taxes, and can import beer, wine and hard liquor without paying taxes or duties.

The city of Vancouver does not give parking tickets to cars with consular
licence plates.

Consuls general are immune from most criminal charges, if the charges stem from
official duties. But they can be charged with crimes committed outside those
duties.


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Map: New York Times News Service / Belize
Photo: ENVOY IN QUESTION: Pamella Picon and Joseph Ross (aka Jay Picon)

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   January 4, 1997, Saturday, FINAL C EDITION

U.S. fugitive married Belize envoy in Vancouver

BYLINE: EDWARD ALDEN; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1201 words


A fugitive U.S. millionaire married in Vancouver and kept a home here for seven
years at a time when he was wanted in Oklahoma on charges of tax evasion,
according to documents filed with the Belizian government and interviews with
friends of the couple.

Joseph Ross, using the pseudonym Gilberto Picon, married Pamella Denham in B.C.
Dec. 30, 1985, only two weeks after he fled Tulsa to evade a U.S. grand jury
subpoena, according to a copy of the marriage certificate sent to the Belizian
government when the couple applied for Belizian citizenship in 1988.

Ross left Tulsa Dec. 14, 1985 after he was served with a subpoena by a U.S.
grand jury. Pamella Picon is currently the consul general for Belize in
Vancouver.

A friend and neighbor of the couple, Kurt Rudzewski, said the two had lived off
and on in Vancouver at least since 1989. Rudzewski said he and the Picons both
bought condominiums at Tudor Manor on Beach Avenue at the same time.

"I don't think they were really residents of Canada, because they were only here
for a few months a year," Rudzewski said. They told him they also owned a
residence in France and lived there much of the year.

Rodney Ward, a lawyer who is defending Joseph Ross against the U.S. government's
extradition request, said he first met the couple socially in Vancouver in 1988.

The director of international affairs for the Belize ministry of foreign
affairs, Dianna Locke, said in a telephone interview that the couple's
application for Belizian citizenship claimed they had also lived in Vancouver
between 1970 and 1982.

Immigration and foreign affairs officials have been unable to shed any light on
how the couple was able to live in Canada for so long at a time when Ross was
being sought by U.S. authorities over failure to disclose and pay taxes on $
500,000 US in foreign bank account holdings.

Ross was arrested in Vancouver Dec. 20, and an extradition hearing was set
Friday. The hearing will be held May 6-7 in B.C. Supreme Court. Ross is
currently free on a $ 50,000 bail bond.

Pamella Picon is flying to Belize this weekend and is scheduled to meet next
Tuesday with that country's foreign affairs minister to discuss her status in
Vancouver following her husband's arrest, according to Locke. "We're very much
interested in finding out what she has to say about the subject," Locke said.
"We would like to hear the facts from her."

Picon, who was at the Belizian consul general office on the eighth floor at 1112
West Pender Friday morning, said she had no comment on her husband's case or on
her current situation as consul-general. "I'm going to wait until I hear word
from my government on what action I should take."

"It's a difficult situation, as you can appreciate," she said. "I can tell you
one thing -- I love my husband."

The federal immigration department said Friday it had no knowledge that the
couple was living in Canada until 1994, when the Belizian government applied for
a diplomatic passport on behalf of Pamella Picon. Murray Wilkinson, acting
enforcement manager at the Vancouver office of Immigration Canada, said that the
couple was not at any time admitted to Canada through ordinary immigration
procedures.

But he said the department launched an investigation into the case after stories
appeared in The Vancouver Sun.

The Canadian department of foreign affairs approved Picon's application for a
diplomatic passport on Sept. 9, 1994. The Belizian government said Thursday that
Picon's appointment "had been vetted and approved by Canadian authorities at the
time."

Charles Larabie of the Foreign Affairs department said, however, that "there is
no vetting or screening" of low-level diplomatic appointees, such as a
consul-general.

But Rudzewski, who was listed as a reference on Picon's 1993 application for the
post of consul general, said he was visited by an RCMP officer at the time Picon
was being considered for the post. "He asked me if I knew anything about their
business dealings," Rudzewski said.

It is not clear how Picon, who has never lived in Belize, managed to secure the
post as the country's consul general in Vancouver, an appointment that finally
gave her and her husband Ross the legal right to live in Canada full-time.

Picon was living in Vancouver in 1993 when she applied to establish a Belize
consulate-general in Vancouver, according to Locke. "It offered us an
opportunity to enter into the Canadian market," Locke said. Picon flew to Belize
to meet with Belize's foreign minister in the spring of 1994, before she was
appointed.

Locke said that "there are various different ways" people might come to the
government's attention as appropriate candidates, but she said she didn't know
anything about the circumstances of Picon's appointment.

The consul general's office in Vancouver was opened by Picon in 1994, and is one
of two Belize has in North America. The other is in Los Angeles. A Central
American country with a population of only 209,000, Belize has no embassy in
Ottawa, and diplomatic relations with Canada are handled by the ambassador in
Washington.

Picon officially reports to the Washington ambassador. But Dean Lindo, who
recently left the post as ambassador to Washington, said in a telephone
interview from Belize that he had never met either Picon or her husband.

"At that time our budget was too small for travel," he said. "I should have got
to meet her, but I didn't."

Picon said Friday her job in Vancouver was to promote Canadian investment and
tourism in Belize. She handed reporters a stack of glossy brochures touting the
country as a winter vacation paradise. The brochures also point out that
Belize's banking laws offer total secrecy to foreign account holders, as well as
freedom from taxes and exchange controls.

Two-way trade between Canada and Belize was only $ 15.9 million in 1995, but
more than 67,000 Canadians visited Belize.

In her resume presented to the Belize government in 1993, Picon said she was
educated at the University of northern Colorado from 1974 to 1976, and had also
done flight school training and French studies.

She listed several business interests, including membership on the Tudor Manor
strata corporation, a partnership in Picon Investments, and co-director of Joy
Ging Trust.

The couple's application for Belize citizenship, submitted in 1988, said they
had lived in Vancouver from 1970 to 1982, in Paraguay from 1982 to 1986, and in
Greece from 1986 to 1988.

About 65 countries have consular representatives in Vancouver, with roughly 500
people enjoying some form of diplomatic immunity, according to a 1995 article in
the journal of the Vancouver Bar Association.

Diplomatic privileges include exemption from all direct taxes and customs
duties. Consular officials can also buy gasoline without paying retail sales
taxes, and can import beer, wine and hard liquor without paying taxes or duties.

The city of Vancouver does not give parking tickets to cars with consular
licence plates.

Consuls general are immune from most criminal charges, if the charges stem from
official duties. But they can be charged with crimes committed outside those
duties.


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 6, 1989, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Mafia-Aided Scheme Evades Millions in Gas Taxes

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1474 words


Shortly before Phillip Moskowitz was murdered, Federal agents secretly recorded
the Brooklyn gasoline wholesaler as he explained to another dealer how the Mafia
shared in the theft of perhaps as much as $1 billion a year in Federal gasoline
taxes in the New York metropolitan region.

''They got it all locked up,'' said Mr. Moskowitz, whose death was linked to
suspicions that he was a Government informant. ''You can't do any squawking. You
can't do any hollering. That's their dope, and they split it between three
families.''

The dealers, he said, collected the 9 cents in Federal taxes as part of the
price of each gallon of gasoline they sold to retailers. Instead of turning the
revenues over to the Government as required by law, the dealers kept 8 cents
from each gallon and passed along at least 1 cent to the Mafia, Mr. Moskowitz
explained.

Dummy Companies

The tax evaders, called bootleggers, cheat by creating dummy companies and false
documents indicating that one of those companies has collected the taxes. When
the Government seeks out the companies and the taxes, both have evaporated.

Mr. Moskowitz's conversation, recorded on July 31, 1987, in a Federal undercover
investigation of bootleggers, provided the first concrete details on how the tax
evaders pay off the Mafia.

As an example of the Mafia's growing influence in the tax-evasion racket,
prosecutors and Internal Revenue Service agents say that the mob's share of the
booty recently was raised to 2 cents on each gallon of gasoline sold by
bootleggers. $1 Billion a Year Based on intelligence reports, information from
informers and the volume of retail gasoline sales in the area, prosecutors and
I.R.S. officials estimate that last year alone the tax evaders stole about $1
billion in Federal taxes through their operations in New York City, Westchester,
Rockland, Orange and Dutchess Counties, Long Island, Northern New Jersey and
southern Connecticut.

While the tax-evasion problem is more severe in the New York City region than
elsewhere, Federal law-enforcement officials said that similar schemes have
developed recently in Southern Florida, Southern California and the Houston
region, but without apparent Mafia intervention.

In the New York region, investigators said in interviews, Mafia families got an
estimated $200 million of the stolen taxes.

Loopholes in a Federal law on the collection of the taxes, the reluctance of
gasoline dealers to expose the cheaters and difficulties in digging up evidence
for tax-evasion cases are hampering efforts to uncover evaders, officials
contend.

Bootleggers Won't Complain

''When the mobsters discovered there were millions in illegal profits to be
made, they simply muscled in on the bootleggers,'' said Edward A. McDonald, the
head of the Justice Department's Organized Crime Strike Force in the Eastern
District of New York State. ''And the bootleggers, who are making millions,
won't complain to us because that would kill the goose that lays the golden
egg.''

Federal taxes on gasoline are redistributed to the states primarily for the
construction and maintenance of interstate highways. New York State and local
governments spent almost $3 billion last year for the design, construction and
maintenance of highways with the Federal Government contributing about $550
million.

At the 1987 meeting in a Uniondale, L.I., hotel room Mr. Moskowitz unwittingly
revealed to investigators that each bootlegger was compelled to operate ''under
the umbrella'' or ''protection'' of one of the five Mafia families that are
based in the New York region.

Shortly after the meeting Mr. Moskowitz, who operated two gasoline companies in
Brooklyn, was found strangled to death in a wooded area in North Brunswick, N.J.
Law-enforcement authorities say the 57-year-old man was probably killed to
prevent him from cooperating in their investigation.

Details of Problems

Last year investigations in the New York region by the Organized Crime Strike
Force led to the convictions of five men on Federal charges of gasoline-tax
evasion and money laundering. The trials provided these key details about the
scope of the problem:

* A previously convicted Long Island bootlegger, Lawrence S. Iorizzo, testified
that from 1980 through 1984 he funneled $360 million in stolen taxes to the
Colombo crime family.

* Witnesses testified that in a six-month period in 1982 Vincent Aspromonti,
whom prosecutors described as an ''enforcer'' in the Colombo crime family,
laundered or concealed $11.5 million in stolen taxes through a branch of the
Extebank in Hauppauge, L.I. A former Extebank vice president, George Ruggiero,
who is a cousin of Mr. Aspromonti, was convicted of secretly transferring the
money to other accounts.

* An undercover I.R.S. agent said that Mr. Moskowitz and another gasoline dealer
in Brooklyn, Shae Presaizen paid him $37,500 in bribes to obtain Federal
licenses that would aid tax-evasion schemes.

* A Newark gasoline distributor, Herman DeJonge, said he was ''intimidated'' by
Joseph Gambino, an associate in the Lucchese crime family, into suppling more
than 100,000 gallons of tax-free fuel to the O.K. Petroleum Company in Melville,
L.I.

Scheme Began in Early 80's

Three of New York's Mafia groups, the Colombo, Genovese and Lucchese families,
became secret partners of the bootleggers in the early 1980's, according to
Laura A. Brevetti, a strike force prosecutor, who is the director of a special
unit investigating gasoline-tax evasion. Last year, she noted, prosecutors
obtained evidence that the Gambino family, the largest Mafia group in the
country, had joined the bootleggers.

The Bonnano crime family, the smallest and weakest of the area's Mafia families,
is the only faction that has not been linked to the payoffs, prosecutors said.

Law-enforcement officials said that large-scale evasion of Federal and state
taxes in the New York area began in the early 1980's. Gas taxes in the region
total about 27 cents on each gallon, 18 cents for state and local taxes and 9.1
cents for Federal taxes.

Federal and state officials said that the original schemes were devised by
dealers who wanted to skim off state and local gas taxes that are generally
higher than in other sections of the country.

Fictiious Companies

By 1985, New York State officials said, bootleggers were stealing more than $300
million a year, mainly in state and local taxes. At that time wholesale
distributors were responsible for collecting and turning over gasoline excise
and sales taxes to the state and Federal Governments.

The bootleggers cheated by establishing fictitious supply companies that existed
on paper only. The dummy companies engaged in fake transfers among themselves to
conceal ownership and to provide false documentation that one of the companies
had collected the state and Federal taxes.

When Federal and state agencies tried to collect the outstanding taxes, they
discovered the shell companies were bankrupt or that the owners had vanished.

The forming of a bogus company is illegal only if prosecutors can show it was
part of a fraud conspiracy.

In an effort to thwart evaders, New York State passed a law in 1985 requiring
the payment of state and local taxes by the first dealer who brings gasoline
into the state. State officials said that the crackdown had been generally
successful. State gasoline excise taxes, they noted, rose from $360 million in
1985 to $451 million last year, an increase of $91 million or 25 percent.

''These crooks now seem to be limiting themselves to evading Federal excise
taxes,'' said the State Commissioner of Taxation and Finance, James W. Wetzler.

Last April a new Federal law went into effect requiring Federal taxes to be paid
when a distributor or a wholesaler buys gasoline at a storage terminal. Federal
officials acknowledge that the law has failed to stop bootleggers. Under the law
a company with a Federal ''637 fuel license'' can remove gasoline from a
terminal without paying taxes at the time of purchase.

Similar to earlier schemes, the bootleggers have simply established new fake
companies, the officials said. These companies use the Federal tax-exempt
licenses to transfer gasoline on paper from dealer to dealer and to claim
falsely that somewhere along the paper trail the taxes were paid by a company
that no longer exists.

Mr. McDonald of the Justice Department strike force said that since the law went
into effect last year, Federal investigators have observed ''mob activities pick
up at the terminals.''

There are about a dozen large gasoline-storage terminals in the New York region
and between 400 and 500 wholesalers that store gasoline or buy it from
distributors at the terminals, officials said. The majority of the dealers, the
authorities said, were law-abiding.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Phillip Moskowitz

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 31, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Kersey Resigns as Official

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 12; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 166 words


Jesse Kersey, one of four National Basketball Association referees indicted on
charges of Federal tax evasion for pocketing the cash surplus from downgraded
airline tickets, pleaded guilty yesterday and resigned after 24 years on the
job.

Kersey pleaded guilty in Norfolk, Va., to filing a false Federal income tax
return and was sentenced to three years' probation. His resignation was
announced yesterday by Rod Thorn, the league's senior vice president for
basketball operations. Kersey, 56, was one of the league's top officials. He
worked 14 championship-round series and three All-Star Games.

The other referees accused of tax evasion were Clinger Armstrong, George Toliver
and Mike Mathis.

The referees were accused of downgrading first-class airline tickets to cheaper
fares and then pocketing the difference without reporting the gain as income.
According to court documents, the N.B.A. has since sent out numerous notices
informing referees that the practice is illegal.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 25, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-Lawyer for Police Union Is Accused of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By MATTHEW PURDY

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 523 words


For a brief moment in 1988, Richard Hartman seemed like a broken man. The
fortune he had earned as a lawyer for city police unions and his reputation for
shrewd negotiating were threatened by an investigation into charges that he had
used clients' money to pay off his gambling debts. Mr. Hartman forfeited his law
license, and charges were never filed.

But Mr. Hartman quickly bounced back. A Federal indictment unsealed this week
charges that he avoided paying taxes on millions of dollars of income that he
earned selling insurance to police officers.

The indictment adds allegations of tax evasion to racketeering charges filed
earlier this year against Mr. Hartman and others in a Federal investigation into
the city police unions. The initial charges focused on Mr. Hartman, two other
lawyers for the police unions, James Lysaght and Peter Kramer, and Ronald Reale,
the former president of the transit officers' Patrolmen's Benevolent
Association.

According to the new indictment, a year after Mr. Hartman gave up his lawyer's
license, he earned more than $4.7 million working as a labor consultant to the
P.B.A. that represents city officers and by selling Metropolitan Life insurance
policies to police officers.

Federal prosecutors in the office of Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney
in Manhattan, contend that Mr. Hartman avoided paying taxes on hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his insurance commissions through a complicated scheme
involving a company owned by the wives of Mr. Lysaght and Mr. Kramer. The
indictment sheds new light on the relationship between Mr. Hartman and the two
lawyers to whom he passed the work he did for the city P.B.A.

Forced out of the legal profession and barred from selling his law practice, Mr.
Hartman transferred the lucrative P.B.A. account to the small firm of Lysaght,
Lysaght and Kramer. The new business was a boon to the firm, and this week's
indictment indicates that Mr. Hartman benefited from the alliance as well.

In 1991, Mr. Hartman sold his insurance business to a company called Deblin
Planners, owned by Deborah Martz, Mr. Lysaght's wife, and Linda Nunziato, Mr.
Kramer's wife. Mr. Hartman's insurance commissions were then funneled through
Deblin, allowing Mr. Hartman to conceal income from the Internal Revenue
Service, according to a statement released by Ms. White's office.

According to the indictment, money received by Deblin as commissions on policies
sold by Mr. Hartman was then transferred to Mr. Hartman as payment for the sale
of his insurance business or as loans, allowing him to underreport his income to
the tax service, the indictment charges.

Gerald L. Shargel, a lawyer for Mr. Hartman, disputed the charges, saying "There
was no intent to defraud the I.R.S." He said Mr. Hartman would plead not guilty.
Neither Deblin nor any of its owners was charged in the indictments.

Federal prosecutors are conducting a wide-ranging investigation into the affairs
of the city's police unions. They have subpoenaed 10 years of records from the
city P.B.A., but so far, none of the charges filed relates to the operation of
the union.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 21, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Metro Business;
Ex-Executives Guilty In Panasonic Scheme

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 299 words


Two former top executives of the Panasonic Company and a New Jersey electronics
wholesaler pleaded guilty yesterday in Federal court to tax evasion charges that
arose from a two-year scheme to embezzle and resell hundreds of thousands of
dollars in Panasonic merchandise in New York City and the region.

Marc Ross, the 49-year-old former senior vice president for sales and marketing
in Panasonic's Northeast region, and Anthony Cianci, the region's former general
manager, 61, admitted that they had failed to pay taxes on at least $330,000
received from selling stolen electronics equipment to New York-area retail
stores through a wholesale company owned by Mark Manevitz, of North Caldwell,
N.J. Mr. Manevitz, 58, also pleaded guilty to tax evasion charges on $14,400 in
cash payments he received from his business partners.

A joint investigation by the Internal Revenue Service and the United States
Attorney's office in Newark found that in 1989 and 1990, Mr. Ross and Mr. Cianci
diverted huge shipments of Panasonic electrical appliances to Mr. Manevitz's New
York City wholesale outfit, Drake Brothers, while billing the shipments to
unwary Panasonic distributors across the country, said Kevin McKeon, an I.R.S.
spokesman.

In related charges, Mr. Ross and Mr. Cianci pleaded guilty to accepting at least
$70,000 in kickbacks from an Elmhurst consumer electronics distributor, Mr.
McKeon said. The executives admitted that they took money orders and auto leases
from Odeon Distributors in exchange for providing the company with hard-to-find
electronics items, he said.

Mr. Ross faces a maximum of three years in Federal prison and up to $200,000 in
fines. Mr. Cianci faces similar fines and up to five years in prison. Mr.
Manevitz faces five years and fines of $100,000.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

New Hampshire woman pleads guilty to tax evasion, stolen check charges

BYLINE: Ryan McLaughlin BDN Staff

LENGTH: 155 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A New Hampshire woman faces up to 10 years behind bars after
pleading guilty Wednesday to tax evasion and stolen check charges, according to
the U.S. attorney's office.


A sentencing date has not been set for Janis Woods, 65, of Conway, New
Hampshire.


According to court documents, Woods used her position as a bookkeeper for Grover
Gundrilling Inc. of Norway to issue herself 169 unauthorized checks totaling
over $742,000, which were deposited into a New Hampshire bank account.


In addition, she used a position as a bookkeeper for a New Hampshire food
company to issue herself $220,000 in unauthorized checks. By failing to report
the stolen funds, Woods evaded nearly $284,000 in taxes.


In addition to the 10 years in prison on the interstate transportation charge,
Woods faces up to five years behind bars on the tax evasion charge. She will be
sentenced after an investigation report by the U.S. Probation Office.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

New Hampshire woman pleads guilty to tax evasion, stolen check charges

BYLINE: Ryan McLaughlin BDN Staff

LENGTH: 155 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A New Hampshire woman faces up to 10 years behind bars after
pleading guilty Wednesday to tax evasion and stolen check charges, according to
the U.S. attorney's office.


A sentencing date has not been set for Janis Woods, 65, of Conway, New
Hampshire.


According to court documents, Woods used her position as a bookkeeper for Grover
Gundrilling Inc. of Norway to issue herself 169 unauthorized checks totaling
over $742,000, which were deposited into a New Hampshire bank account.


In addition, she used a position as a bookkeeper for a New Hampshire food
company to issue herself $220,000 in unauthorized checks. By failing to report
the stolen funds, Woods evaded nearly $284,000 in taxes.


In addition to the 10 years in prison on the interstate transportation charge,
Woods faces up to five years behind bars on the tax evasion charge. She will be
sentenced after an investigation report by the U.S. Probation Office.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

Veterans club overhauls checks and balances after tax evasion incident

BYLINE: Jack Molitor, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 772 words


Aug. 11--ANDERSON -- Jerry Massey can rest easy in his new home in Tampa, Fla.,
knowing he's left the Veterans of Madison County Club in good hands.

Massey and other members of the club facilitated a complete overhaul of the east
side facility, one that was both necessary and painful.

An Indiana State Police investigation had revealed that a former club board
member neglected to pay the club's taxes. The board member, Nancy L. Smith, was
also using thousands of dollars in club funds for personal use. The debacle
prompted the removal of the entire board and the temporary shuttering of the
club in 2013.

The club, which has membership of roughly 400 veterans in Madison County, was in
danger of closing for good. Members, however, turned to Massey, who had served
as club president, to investigate the improprieties and get the organization
back on its feet.

Over a year later, the club, 3601 E. Tenth St., is open again, and members and
new leadership say it is thriving, largely thanks to Massey's efforts.

"Jerry worked tirelessly. He got our permits back. Worked to get loans. Made
trips to Indianapolis. He got us open again," said current club president Jeff
Barnes. "He worked his butt off, and it was largely a volunteered effort."

Personal purchases

In March 2013, the Indiana Attorney General's Office shut down the club for
failure to pay state sales taxes. The club was also under investigation by the
Indiana Gaming Commission for commingling charity gaming money with general fund
money. Soon after, it was discovered that Smith, the club's treasurer from 2009
to 2013, had been using money from the club's accounts for personal purposes --
to the tune of tens of thousands of dollars.

Purchases made out of the accounts included books and tuition fees, purchases at
a Christian retail outlet store, baseball game tickets, food, gasoline and
several store items.

According to court records, Smith used credit and debit cards in the club's name
to make more than $55,000 in purchases deemed to be personal in nature. The club
had also racked up penalties from state agencies. Its bank accounts, which were
in the black when Smith took over the position in 2009, were frozen and had been
cleaned out.

Smith and several other board members, including then-president Rick Shaw, were
removed, and Smith and Shaw were banned from the club.

Janet Castor, member and former treasurer, said she felt betrayed.

"There were red flags. Not evidence, necessarily, but red flags," Castor said.
"It was embarrassing."

Ultimately, Smith was arrested in February, and pleaded guilty to five charges
of theft. She received a three-year suspended sentence, with a provision that
the charges be reduced to misdemeanors on the condition that she successfully
completes her suspension and makes restitution. Attempts to reach Smith for this
article were unsuccessful.

Shaw and other board members were absolved and not charged criminally.

Massey said getting the club out of limbo wasn't easy, and he credited hard work
and dedication from every member.

"More or less, we had a lot of hoops to jump through. We had to be up front with
people and get a lot of people to pitch in," Massey said. "I just got the ball
rolling. Everyone else did the work."

The club is making money again, and legal obligations are taken care of, but
Massey said the recovery process still has a long way to go. He trusts that the
hands he's leaving the club in are the right ones. He said Barnes has the club
heading in the right direction.

Barnes said lack of controls and oversight got the club into trouble, so
naturally, restoring those checks is the first step to getting issues under
control.

"I blame myself and the rest of the membership. We're all to blame for not
holding them responsible. The meetings were once a month and the treasurer
always makes a report. I think we all just trusted it," Barnes said.

Now, the board has an open door policy, and any member can review the club's
expenditures, which wasn't available before. In addition, the president no
longer has keys to the safe, and several other checks are in place, including
the requirement that two people be present when counting money.

"It's taken a lot of work, but we've come around 180 degrees," Barnes said. "The
people we have now have done a lot of work and an outstanding job. These are
people who care about the place and care about helping veterans."

Like Jack Molitor on Facebook and follow him @aggiejack4 on Twitter, or call
640-4883.

___ (c)2014 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140811-HU-Veterans-club-overhauls-checks-and-balances-after-
tax-evasion-incident-0811-20140811

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2014 The Herald Bulletin


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 17, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BROTHER OF CAREY FACING CHARGES OF EVADING TAX

BYLINE: By E. J. DIONNE Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 16


Martin Carey, a brother of Governor Carey, has been indicted on charges of
evading about $122,000 in sales taxes on gasoline sold at a chain of stations
that he once controlled on Long Island, the State Attorney General's office
announced today.

At his arraignment today in Suffolk County Court in Riverhead, L.I., Mr. Carey
pleaded not guilty to 17 felony counts related to sales-tax evasion and two
misdemeanor counts involving late filing of income taxes.

The indictment charges that between Jan. 1, 1977, and June 30, 1978, Petroleum
Combustion International Inc., which had been controlled by Mr. Carey, had
$3,829,855.52 in gross taxable sales but reported only $2,036,351 for tax
purposes. The company once owned a chain of 21 gas stations in Nassau and
Suffolk Counties.

1979 and 1980 Returns Cited

The income-tax charge concerns Mr. Carey's filing of 1979 and 1980 tax returns.
A spokesman for the Attorney General's office said the returns had been filed
''within the last month.''

Also indicted on the sales-tax evasion charges was Richard MacKay of Syosset,
L.I., who had been vice president of the company.  When asked about the charges,
Governor Carey said: ''I can only tell you that my brother is a fine and decent
human being. And he's entitled to the presumption of innocence, and I know he
will be found innocent without any doubt.''

The most serious tax charge involves grand larceny, which carries a penalty of
up to seven years in prison and fines of up to $5,000 or twice the amount of
unpaid taxes, which ever is larger. If found guilty of the extent of sales-tax
evasion charged in the indictment, Martin Carey and Mr. MacKay could face fines
of up to $244,000.

The other 16 sales-tax counts involve ''offering a false instrument for filing''
and carry lesser penalties.  The indictments against the two men were returned
on March 8 and sealed until the arraignment today. The case was brought by the
State Attorney General's office.

Two-Year Investigation

The indictments followed more than two years of investigation by the state's
Taxation and Finance Department.  Another Long Island company, Vantage
Petroleum, has assumed effective control over Petroleum Combustion
International. Mr.  Carey, who was president of Petroleum Combustion, is
involved in civil litigation with Vantage Petroleum and Salan Management, a
company closely related to Vantage, over Vantage and Salan's management of
Petroleum Combustion.

Nathan Riley, a spokesman for Attorney General Robert Abrams, said a tax evasion
case against Vantage was ''under active investigation.'' Vantage has denied any
wrongdoing.

The case could become especially bitter since Mr. Carey and Mr.  MacKay have
feuded over a number of issues, including the Vantage takeover. Mr. Carey's
defense will rest on the argument that he gave responsibility for paying taxes
to other officials in the company.  Those officials are expected to include Mr.
MacKay.

''The evidence will show that Martin Carey delegated responsibility for
preparation and filing of those returns to others connected with the
corporation,'' said Andrew M. Lawler, Mr. Carey's attorney.

Mr. Lawler said that Mr. Carey's late income-tax filing ''was caused by a
variety of circumstances,'' including Mr. Carey's need to gather ''complex
information for accountants preparing the returns.''

Thomas Watson, Mr. MacKay's attorney, said, ''My client pled not guilty and he
means it.'' The State Tax Commissioner, James H. Tully Jr., has insisted
throughout the investigation that Martin Carey received no special treatment
depite his relationship with the Governor.

''The Governor should be applauded for the manner in which this administration
has continually been conducted,'' Mr. Tully said in a statement issued by his
office. ''The Governor has never discussed with me any tax returns of any
individuals in my nearly seven years in this job.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Martin Carey

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday

Uhl has law license suspended indefinitely

BYLINE: Scott J. Croteau, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Christopher M. Uhl, a local lawyer who was sentenced to serve more than 2-1/2
years in federal prison for income tax evasion in 2010, has had his license to
practice law in Massachusetts suspended indefinitely. The decision was mailed
Friday.

The indefinite suspension means Mr. Uhl can apply for reinstatement five years
from the date it took effect. Mr. Uhl, of Southboro, must also complete his
two-year supervised release on the federal case before applying for
reinstatement, according to the state Board of Bar Overseers.

Mr. Uhl was temporarily suspended from practicing law in Massachusetts on May 3,
2010, a month after a federal jury found him guilty of six counts of tax evasion
.

On April 10, Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Justice Margot Botsford
ordered Mr. Uhl's license to practice was indefinitely suspended retroactive to
May 3, 2010. If he completes his federal prison time and supervised release he
can apply to be reinstated on May 3, 2015. Both sides agreed to the decision,
the state Board of Bar Overseers wrote in a summary.

The order to suspend Mr. Uhl's license came after he was disbarred in New York.
The New York disbarment was decided and entered October 2011. A petition for
reciprocal discipline was filed by the state Office of Bar Counsel in November
2011.

Mr. Uhl's disbarment in New York was a result of his conviction for tax invasion
in Massachusetts.

On July 28, 2010, U.S. District Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV sentenced Mr. Uhl to
33 months in prison for the six counts of income tax evasion. He ordered Mr. Uhl
to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in restitution.

According to records, Mr. Uhl withheld about $148,000 from his employees' gross
wages and failed to pay the money to the IRS from 2000 through 2005. He also
neglected to pay about $68,000 in federal unemployment taxes and employer
contributions to FICA, the payroll tax deduction that supports Social Security
and Medicare, according to the indictment.

Records also said during the same years Mr. Uhl failed to pay the taxes,

he did not properly file certain tax forms and misled IRS agents.

Mr. Uhl had offices in Worcester and Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 13, 1999, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Hirschfeld Denies Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 318 words


The real estate developer Abe Hirschfeld denied at the opening of his tax
evasion trial yesterday that he had deliberately avoided paying $3.3 million in
state and city taxes.

A 123-count indictment charges Mr. Hirschfeld, 79, with larceny, schemes to
defraud, and failing to file truthful returns for state and city personal and
corporate income taxes from 1992 through 1995.

An assistant district attorney, Gilda Mariani, said that Mr. Hirschfeld paid
"zero taxes" in those years and that in one year, he even received a refund when
he should have paid a total of $1.6 million in personal income taxes. The rest
of the taxes, she said, were due on income from five corporations.

Mr. Hirschfeld, wearing blue jeans and a plaid, short-sleeved shirt, gave the
defense's opening statement because, he said, "this has to come from the heart."
Myrna Ocasio, one of his company lawyers, is to defend him at the trial.

In remarks that were part memoir, resume and comedy routine, Mr. Hirschfeld, who
claims to have invented the open-air parking garage, told the jury in State
Supreme Court in Manhattan that he had paid whatever taxes he thought he owed.
"If there were mistakes, they were made by the accountants, not by me," he said.
"If I go to a doctor and he gives me a prescription, I take it."

Mr. Hirschfeld read from news clippings, which asked, "Who is this nut?" and
pondered whether he was crazy.

"I am," he said. "Anyone who achieves things and accomplishes things is a little
crazy."

To help show that the indictment was what he termed "garbage" and "fantasies,"
Mr. Hirschfeld said he would call two former Presidents, Jimmy Carter and George
Bush. He told the jury that Ms. Mariani "won't deliver you one honest witness."

Ms. Mariani said one accountant left Mr. Hirschfeld's employ "because there were
certain things that he could not do that Mr. Hirschfeld asked him to do."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 15, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Leona going directly to jail

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 177 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Hotel queen Leona Helmsley, who once said ''only the little people pay taxes,''
begins a four-year prison term today - tax day - for tax evasion.

A federal appeals court rejected a plea to let Helmsley, 71, perform community
service instead of serving time at the Federal Medical Center in Lexington, Ky.

''I accept the judgment and I am prepared to abide by the law,'' Helmsley said
later. She reportedly was spending the night in her Connecticut country home.

Defense lawyer Alan Dershowitz had argued that Helmsley was ill and had to care
for her ailing husband, billionaire real estate mogul Harry Helmsley, 83.

But prosecutor Mark Hellerer, noting her recent TV interviews, said allowing her
to avoid prison would ''make a mockery of the law.''

Outside court, Dershowitz made a final offer: giving two luxury hotels to New
York to house the homeless.

Spokesman Howard Rubenstein later said Dershowitz ''was only speaking
metaphorically'' about the hotel offer.

Helmsley will have to serve a third of her time before she's eligible for
parole.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Two are convicted on theft charges

BYLINE: Alamogordo Daily News By Duane Barbati, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 678 words


A federal jury convicted two men Thursday for conspiracy and theft of government
property, U.S. Attorney Kenneth J. Gonzales said.

In a press release, Gonzales said Armando C. Gutierrez, 65, of Corpus Christi,
Texas, and Joseph C. Kupfer, 49, of Rio Rancho, were found guilty after an
eight-day trial in Albuquerque.

Kupfer and his wife, Elizabeth D. Kupfer, 50, were charged with federal tax
evasion offenses on Dec. 15, 2010.

The three-count indictment charged the couple with willfully failing to report
at least $768,333 in taxable income during tax years between 2004 and 2006, and
evading $286,175 in federal taxes.

Gonzales said the indictment was superseded by an 11-count indictment that added
Gutierrez as a co-defendant on July 27, 2011.

The indictment of conspiracy and theft of government property against Gutierrez
and Joseph C. Kupfer is related to the federal "Help America Vote Act" funds
administered by former New Mexico Secretary of State Rebecca Vigil-Giron, he
said.

The indictment added two charges of obstruction of justice relating to a federal
audit and investigation into the misuse of federal HAVA funds, and a charge of
laundering $630,000.

The indictment also included the three original tax evasion charges against the
Kupfers, Gonzales stated in the press release.

It also included provisions seeking forfeiture of any property constituting
proceeds traceable to the offenses, and a money judgment of almost $2.6 million.

At the time of the events described in the superseding indictment, Gutierrez and
Joseph C. Kupfer were providing consulting services to the New Mexico Secretary
of State's office under HAVA contracts. Elizabeth D. Kupfer was an employee of
the New Mexico Attorney General's Office who had been detailed to work for the
Secretary of State's office.

In 2012, a federal judge severed the three tax evasion counts from the
indictment for the purpose of trying the Kupfers in a separate trial, and trying
Gutierrez and Joseph C. Kupfer in another trial on the conspiracy, theft,
obstruction of justice and money laundering charges.

The Kupfers were found guilty on all three tax evasion counts in an August 2012
trial. Between 2004 and 2006, the Kupfers received more than $1.3 million from
their Kupfer Consulting business, but only reported $502,541 to the IRS.

In the Gutierrez and Joseph C. Kupfer trial, evidence showed that between April
2003 and December 2006, the Secretary of State's office administered almost $20
million of HAVA funds through a number of contracts, including a multi-million
dollar contract for voting-related advertising for Gutierrez's business, which
he solely owned, and three small contracts awarded to Joseph C. Kupfer's company
for increasing voting accessibility for the disabled.

Gonzales stated in the release that evidence at Gutierrez's and Joseph C.
Kupfer's trial that the men together defrauded the United States by stealing
federal HAVA funds and converting those funds for their own use.

During the eight-day trial in Albuquerque, evidence showed Gutierrez received
$6.3 million in HAVA funds from the state, but only submitted documentation for
$3.4 million, resulting in an overpayment to Gutierrez's company of $2.5
million, Gonzales stated in the release.

Joseph C. Kupfer's company also received a series of nine payments from
Gutierrez's company totaling $746,375 in HAVA funds between October 2004 and
November 2006, Gonzales said.

The payments far exceeded the value of any work Kupfer's company performed for
Gutierrez's company, and Gutierrez nor his company submitted any documentation
to the Secretary of State's office that Gutierrez retained Kupfer's company as a
subcontractor.

They also submitted false invoices for services, attempted to obstruct an audit
by the Election Assistance Commission and attempted to conceal taking the
federal funds.

"The message behind the jury's guilty verdict is that those who do business with
government agencies will be held to the same high standards as government
officials," Gonzales said.
Contact Duane Barbati at dbarbati@alamogordonews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 29, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Nevada Allows Ousted U.S. Judge to Practice Law

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 43, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: CARSON CITY, Nev., Nov. 28


The State Supreme Court has decided that Harry E. Claiborne, removed as a
Federal district judge by the Senate through impeachment last year because of
his conviction for income tax evasion, may practice law in Nevada.

The court's two-page ruling was issued Wednesday, one day after a hearing in Las
Vegas on Mr. Claiborne's bid to practice. The justices said that although the
State Bar of Nevada had suggested sanctions against the 70-year-old former
judge, ''we decline to impose additional punishment by way of professional
discipline.''

The court said the main objective of disciplinary proceedings involving lawyers
was to protect the public from unfit members of the legal profession and to
maintain confidence in it.

Citing an earlier case in which a lawyer convicted of tax evasion had been
permitted to continue practicing, the court said it must consider ''the isolated
nature of an attorney's conduct as well as his prior, exemplary professional
standing.'' Mr. Claiborne was one of the state's top criminal defense lawyers
before being named a Federal judge in Nevada in 1978. #17 Months in Prison Mr.
Claiborne was convicted in 1984 of failing to report $107,000 on his 1979 and
1980 tax returns. He served 17 months in prison and was recently released from a
halfway house.

In October 1986 he became the first sitting Federal judge in more than half a
century to be removed by the Senate. But he was never disbarred in Nevada, where
he had practiced since the 1940's.

The case against Mr. Claiborne started with charges that he had taken a $30,000
bribe to thwart the Federal Bureau of Investigation's inquiry on a brothel
owner. A first bribery trial ended in a hung jury, and the second in dismissal
of the charges.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Harry E. Claiborne (AP)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 22, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Gambinos Acquitted In Tax Evasion Trial

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 144 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN, Feb. 22


A Federal District Court jury today acquitted reputed organized crime figures
Giuseppe and Rosario ''Sal'' Gambino of tax evasion charges.

The jury announced its verdict after eight hours of deliberations.

Alfred Pierce, a lawyer for the Gambino brothers, said after the verdict that
the Government was ''more interested in getting a Gambino'' than the truth.

The Gambinos, both Cherry Hill residents, had been accused of falsely claiming a
deduction for real estate commissions of $90,000 in the sale of a $500,000
parcel on Route 70, across from the Garden State Park racetrack.

The deduction for the commission, which the government alleged was listed to a
fictitious person named Gianni Palazzo, reduced their tax liability on the sale
to the Victoria Station restaurant by $24,563. With the deduction, the taxable
profit on the sale was $351.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            July 31, 2002, Wednesday

TREASURY EASES PLAN ON FOREIGNERS' TAX EVASION

BYLINE: BY CHRISTINE B WHELAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 4, Column 1

LENGTH: 39 words


Treasury Department scales back Clinton administration proposal aimed at curbing
overseas tax evasion by foreigners with US bank accounts, in major victory for
banks in Florida and Texas, where many Latin Americans do banking (S)

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

French financial prosecutor requests that HSBC face criminal tax evasion trial

LENGTH: 324  words


(JURIST) - A state prosecutor for France on Friday requested that HSBC, a Swiss
private bank, face a criminal tax evasion trial. The request is a result of the
investigation into a massive file leak showing that HSBC's Swiss bank profited
from conducting business with people engaged in a variety of illegal activity,
particularly tax evasion. Allegations suggest that the bank set up schemes
allowing wealthy clients to conduct business and withdraw large sums of cash
under pseudonyms, which the bank allegedly insisted they use. While the bank
admitted that it "was accountable for past control failures," it claims that
such behavior is in the past and it "has fundamentally changed." The bank
reportedly turned down a plea deal [Le Monde report, in French] that would have
required them to pay EUR1.4 billion (USD $1.5 billion). The bank now has one
month to respond to the accusations in France, and at the conclusion of that
period the judges will decide whether a trial will ensue.


This is the latest development in an on-going string of fraudulent practice
investigations into HSBC since the 2009 leaks by Herve Falciani. Currently HSBC
is under investigation by eight nations for tax evasion [Business Insider
report]. Last month the Swiss police raided HSBC's Geneva office on suspicion of
aggravated money laundering. In 2012 the US Department of Justice (DOJ)
announced that HSBC Holdings and HSBC Bank USA, a federally chartered banking
corporation based in Virginia, agreed to forfeit USD $1.256 billion to settle a
multi-year probe related to the group's failure to enforce rules to prevent
money laundering. As part of the DOJ's deal, HSBC agreed to enter into a
deferred prosecution agreement for its violation of various federal laws.
For the original version on JURIST visit: http://jurist.org
/paperchase/2015/03/french-financial-prosecutor-requests-that-hsbc-face-criminal
-tax-evasion-trial.php 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 18, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Feds pounce on tax evaders;
Prosecutions up 25% since 2001

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 476 words


Criminal tax prosecutions by the federal government hit a 10-year high in 2010,
powered in part by a continuing crackdown on offshore tax evasion by wealthy
Americans.

Federal prosecutors filed charges in 1,250 tax cases last year, a 25.3% jump
from  2001, IRS data show. Prosecution recommendations by the IRS also reached a
high of 1,507, up 50.4% from the 1,002 the data show for 2001.

USA TODAY confirmed the trend by analyzing tax prosecution referrals in court
records compiled by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse, a data
research and distribution organization at Syracuse University in New York.

"The time that we're spending on tax investigations has gone up," even though
IRS staffing has remained relatively flat, said Steven Miller, the tax agency's
deputy commissioner of Services and Enforcement, in an interview as today's
federal tax filing deadline approached. "That's resulted in a lot more
prosecutions in that area."

Part of the rise last year came from criminal charges or guilty pleas in cases
involving at least 25 Americans who were accused of ducking taxes on profits
stashed in secret accounts with Swiss banking giant UBS.

The bank agreed last year to give U.S. authorities account data for 4,450
American clients, settling an international legal fight that shattered
Switzerland's historic reputation for tax secrecy.

The IRS also expanded its focus on suspected offshore tax evasion to include
HSBC, a major London-based international bank. In one early result, the Justice
Department last week announced a New York woman's guilty plea to filing a false
2008 tax return that did not disclose she owned HSBC India accounts that held
$8.3 million.

"We are focusing more and more on offshore (tax evasion), there is no question
about that," said Miller, who added that the IRS in the past two years has
opened new criminal investigation offices in at least 10 international
locations, including Australia, China and Panama.

Additionally, Miller said, the IRS has increased enforcement efforts against
fraud  by tax preparers.

For instance, Lester Morrison, the leader of a New York and New Jersey group of
preparers, pleaded guilty in August to his role in a scheme that prosecutors
said generated $28 million in fraudulent tax refunds.

However, the recent battles over the  federal budget  by the White House and
Congress could make it difficult to maintain the enforcement trend.

Though the tax agency's funding remained relatively intact this year, Miller
said it's not yet clear whether cuts will come in the 2012 federal fiscal year,
which begins Oct. 1.

"I don't know what the future's going to bring," Miller said. "If it brings a
reduction to the Internal Revenue Service, I think that we will have to look
across all of our programs, and I would expect that  (criminal investigation)
would be a part of that discussion."

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday

Mercury Interactive ex-CFO facing tax-evasion charges

BYLINE: By Scott Duke Harris Mercury News

SECTION: SCIENCE AND TECH; High-Tech; Business; Technology

LENGTH: 414 words


Tax-evasion charges have been filed against the former chief financial officer
of Mercury Interactive, a Silicon Valley company where the once-rampant rigging
of stock options led to a $28 million fine.

Sharlene P. Abrams is the first among dozens of valley executives affected by
the option-backdating scandal to be charged with tax evasion arising from the
activities. A spokeswoman for the Internal Revenue Service on Friday said she
couldn't comment on whether other former or present Silicon Valley executives
were under scrutiny.

Efforts to reach Abrams' attorney late Friday were unsuccessful. The phone
number for Abrams' Los Gatos residence is unlisted.

Adams was charged with three counts - one regarding her own 2001 tax filing, the
others for her role in assisting the "false and fraudulent" filings of Amnon
Landan, Mercury's former chief executive, and Kenneth Klein, the former chief
operations officer.

IRS spokeswoman Arlette Lee said she was unable to comment on whether Landan and
Klein would face charges.

Mercury Interactive - acquired by Hewlett-Packard after the alleged options
abuses occurred - was one of the first valley companies to be implicated in a
broad national scandal over the manipulation of stock options to enrich company
insiders without full disclosure to the investing public.

More than 50 valley companies came under scrutiny for the practice or suspected
improprieties. Dozens of executives lost their jobs, including some who would
face criminal and civil charges.

Mercury's board sued Landon and Abrams after the irregularities came to light.
The company also paid a $28 million fine to settle a civil complaint filed by
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The complaint, filed Tuesday, said Abrams "orchestrated the backdating of stock
option exercise dates for herself, Landan and Klein in order to reduce the
income taxes."

That figure was four times the $7 million that San Jose-based Brocade
Communications paid to settle its complaint. Former Brocade CEO Greg Reyes and a
colleague were convicted of felony charges arising from the complaint.

Mercury also agreed to pay $117.5 million to pension funds to resolve a
class-action lawsuit over rigged options.

Abrams is already facing civil securities fraud charges along with Landan and
two other former Mercury executives. Those charges were filed by the SEC in May
2007.

The Associated Press contributed to this report. Contact Scott Duke Harris at
sdharris@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-2704.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   January 4, 1997, Saturday, FINAL C EDITION

U.S. fugitive married Belize envoy in Vancouver

BYLINE: EDWARD ALDEN; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 1207 words


A fugitive U.S. millionaire married in Vancouver and kept a home here for seven
years at a time when he was wanted in Oklahoma on charges of tax evasion,
according to documents filed with the Belizian government and interviews with
friends of the couple.

Joseph Ross, using the pseudonym Gilberto Picon, married Pamella Denham in B.C.
Dec. 30, 1985, only two weeks after he fled Tulsa to evade a U.S. grand jury
subpoena, according to a copy of the marriage certificate sent to the Belizian
government when the couple applied for Belizian citizenship in 1988.

Ross left Tulsa Dec. 14, 1985 after he was served with a subpoena by a U.S.
grand jury. Pamella Picon is currently the consul general for Belize in
Vancouver.

A friend and neighbor of the couple, Kurt Rudzewski, said the two had lived off
and on in Vancouver at least since 1989. Rudzewski said he and the Picons both
bought condominiums at Tudor Manor on Beach Avenue at the same time.

"I don't think they were really residents of Canada, because they were only here
for a few months a year," Rudzewski said. They told him they also owned a
residence in France and lived there much of the year.

Rodney Ward, a lawyer who is defending Joseph Ross against the U.S. government's
extradition request, said he first met the couple socially in Vancouver in 1988.

The director of international affairs for the Belize ministry of foreign
affairs, Dianna Locke, said in a telephone interview that the couple's
application for Belizian citizenship claimed they had also lived in Vancouver
between 1970 and 1982.

Immigration and foreign affairs officials have been unable to shed any light on
how the couple was able to live in Canada for so long at a time when Ross was
being sought by U.S. authorities over failure to disclose and pay taxes on $
500,000 US in foreign bank account holdings.

Ross was arrested in Vancouver Dec. 20, and an extradition hearing was set
Friday. The hearing will be held May 6-7 in B.C. Supreme Court. Ross is
currently free on a $ 50,000 bail bond.

Pamella Picon is flying to Belize this weekend and is scheduled to meet next
Tuesday with that country's foreign affairs minister to discuss her status in
Vancouver following her husband's arrest, according to Locke. "We're very much
interested in finding out what she has to say about the subject," Locke said.
"We would like to hear the facts from her."

Picon, who was at the Belizian consul general office on the eighth floor at 1112
West Pender Friday morning, said she had no comment on her husband's case or on
her current situation as consul-general. "I'm going to wait until I hear word
from my government on what action I should take."

"It's a difficult situation, as you can appreciate," she said. "I can tell you
one thing -- I love my husband."

The federal immigration department said Friday it had no knowledge that the
couple was living in Canada until 1994, when the Belizian government applied for
a diplomatic passport on behalf of Pamella Picon. Murray Wilkinson, acting
enforcement manager at the Vancouver office of Immigration Canada, said that the
couple was not at any time admitted to Canada through ordinary immigration
procedures.

But he said the department launched an investigation into the case after stories
appeared in The Vancouver Sun.

The Canadian department of foreign affairs approved Picon's application for a
diplomatic passport on Sept. 9, 1994. The Belizian government said Thursday that
Picon's appointment "had been vetted and approved by Canadian authorities at the
time."

Charles Larabie of the Foreign Affairs department said, however, that "there is
no vetting or screening" of low-level diplomatic appointees, such as a
consul-general.

But Rudzewski, who was listed as a reference on Picon's 1993 application for the
post of consul general, said he was visited by an RCMP officer at the time Picon
was being considered for the post. "He asked me if I knew anything about their
business dealings," Rudzewski said.

It is not clear how Picon, who has never lived in Belize, managed to secure the
post as the country's consul general in Vancouver, an appointment that finally
gave her and her husband Ross the legal right to live in Canada full-time.

Picon was living in Vancouver in 1993 when she applied to establish a Belize
consulate-general in Vancouver, according to Locke. "It offered us an
opportunity to enter into the Canadian market," Locke said. Picon flew to Belize
to meet with Belize's foreign minister in the spring of 1994, before she was
appointed.

Locke said that "there are various different ways" people might come to the
government's attention as appropriate candidates, but she said she didn't know
anything about the circumstances of Picon's appointment.

The consul general's office in Vancouver was opened by Picon in 1994, and is one
of two Belize has in North America. The other is in Los Angeles. A Central
American country with a population of only 209,000, Belize has no embassy in
Ottawa, and diplomatic relations with Canada are handled by the ambassador in
Washington.

Picon officially reports to the Washington ambassador. But Dean Lindo, who
recently left the post as ambassador to Washington, said in a telephone
interview from Belize that he had never met either Picon or her husband.

"At that time our budget was too small for travel," he said. "I should have got
to meet her, but I didn't."

Picon said Friday her job in Vancouver was to promote Canadian investment and
tourism in Belize. She handed reporters a stack of glossy brochures touting the
country as a winter vacation paradise. The brochures also point out that
Belize's banking laws offer total secrecy to foreign account holders, as well as
freedom from taxes and exchange controls.

Two-way trade between Canada and Belize was only $ 15.9 million in 1995, but
more than 67,000 Canadians visited Belize.

In her resume presented to the Belize government in 1993, Picon said she was
educated at the University of northern Colorado from 1974 to 1976, and had also
done flight school training and French studies.

She listed several business interests, including membership on the Tudor Manor
strata corporation, a partnership in Picon Investments, and co-director of Joy
Ging Trust.

The couple's application for Belize citizenship, submitted in 1988, said they
had lived in Vancouver from 1970 to 1982, in Paraguay from 1982 to 1986, and in
Greece from 1986 to 1988.

About 65 countries have consular representatives in Vancouver, with roughly 500
people enjoying some form of diplomatic immunity, according to a 1995 article in
the journal of the Vancouver Bar Association.

Diplomatic privileges include exemption from all direct taxes and customs
duties. Consular officials can also buy gasoline without paying retail sales
taxes, and can import beer, wine and hard liquor without paying taxes or duties.

The city of Vancouver does not give parking tickets to cars with consular
licence plates.

Consuls general are immune from most criminal charges, if the charges stem from
official duties. But they can be charged with crimes committed outside those
duties.


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     August 11, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hollywood madam guilty

SECTION: NEWS; NEWSLINE IN BRIEF; Pg. B1/BREAK

LENGTH: 97 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Hollywood madam Heidi Fleiss was convicted yesterday of evading federal income
taxes and hiding profits from her high-priced call-girl ring. Fleiss, the
29-year-old daughter of a prominent pediatrician, sobbed as the verdicts were
announced in federal court after seven days of jury deliberations. Jurors found
Fleiss guilty on eight counts of tax evasion and money laundering but were
unable to reach a unanimous decision on two counts of filing false loan
applications. Fleiss was convicted on state pandering charges in December and
sentenced to three years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 25, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
Capasso Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion Charges

BYLINE: By Carlyle C. Douglas and Mary Connelly

SECTION: Section 4; Page 7, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 259 words


In a move that startled nearly everybody concerned, Carl A. Capasso pleaded
guilty last week to Federal tax-evasion charges that technically could cost him
up to 37 years in prison and $1.5 million in fines. In a statement issued later,
the 41-year-old contractor said he regretted ''errors in judgment'' that
resulted in his using funds from his company for his personal expenses.

In the same statement, however, he denied that ''any improper influence, bribery
or bid-rigging was involved in my obtaining contracts with New York City and New
York State.'' And he defended his close friend, Bess Myerson, who is on unpaid
leave from her job as the city's Cultural Affairs Commissioner. Former Federal
Judge Harold R. Tyler Jr. is conducting a special city inquiry into Miss
Myerson's invoking of her Fifth Amendment rights in a grand jury investigation
that led to Mr. Capasso's indictment Jan. 14.

''Any claim that Bess Myerson exerted influence with the City or State of New
York on my behalf is totally false,'' Mr. Capasso said.

By pleading guilty at his arraignment in Federal District Court in Manhattan,
Mr. Capasso kept his case in the hands of Judge Charles E. Stewart Jr., who has
a reputation for leniency. But United States Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani said
earlier this month that the tax indictment was only part of a continuing
investigation of Mr. Capasso's company, the Nanco Contracting Corporation. Since
1978, Nanco has obtained more than $150 million in city contracts to do sewage,
pollution control and street paving work.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 21, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BEATTY IS ACCUSED OF TAX EVASION AND CONFLICT OF INTEREST BY STATE

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 318 words


Former State Senator Vander L. Beatty of Brooklyn was indicted yesterday on
tax-evasion, conflict-of-interest and other state charges.

The charges stem from what prosecutors decribed as a scheme in which Mr. Beatty
''siphoned'' for himself nearly $43,000 in state funds given in 1981 and 1982 to
three community groups in his Senate district. Mr. Beatty spent 10 years in the
Senate before he gave up his seat last year to run, unsuccessfully, for the
House of Representatives.

The 42-year-old former legislator pleaded not guilty in State Supreme Court in
Brooklyn and was released on his own recognizance. Earlier, he told reporters
that the charges were a ''sham.''

Mr. Beatty is also awaiting trial on forgery and other charges stemming from his
Congressional race. He has also denied these charges, saying they were part of
an attempt by his political enemies to ruin him.

According to the Brooklyn District Attorney, Elizabeth Holtzman, yesterday's
indictment charges that Mr. Beatty failed to report on his state and city tax
returns $42,904 in income he had received ''directly and indirectly'' from a
company called Id Spa Inc., in which he ''acts as an officer, employee and
agent.'' Id Spa, she said, had received the money as rent from three
state-financed community groups, even though Id Spa ''did not own the properties
for which rent was paid.''

The most serious charge against Mr. Beatty, offering a false instrument for
filing, carries a maximum sentence on conviction of four years in prison. One
basis for the charge, Miss Holtzman's office said, was that in 1981 Mr. Beatty
filed a state financial-disclosure form in which he ''falsely claimed to have no
interests or relationships which could be affected by legislative action,'' even
though the Legislature approved funds for the community groups that reportedly
paid rent to a company with which Mr. Beatty was affiliated.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday
                              SPORTS EXTRA EDITION

GUILTY PLEA FOR GRIMM Pol will fess tax evasion

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI and DAN FRIEDMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With James Warren

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 563 words


AFTER VOWING to fight his criminal indictment "tooth and nail," Rep. Michael
Grimm of Staten Island has agreed to plead guilty Tuesday to a felony charge of
tax evasion, the Daily News has learned.

Grimm's admission of guilt will place his congressional career in danger,
exactly seven weeks after he won reelection by an overwhelming margin.

Grimm was scheduled to enter the plea Tuesday before Judge Pamela Chen in
Brooklyn Federal Court.

A Republican who served in the Marines and worked as an FBI agent, Grimm was
charged in a 20-count federal indictment in April with hiding more than $1
million in sales and wages at an Upper East Side testaurant he co-owned, and
with hiring undocumented immigrants.

He pleaded not guilty, and his trial was to begin in February.

Despite the indictment, Grimm trounced Democrat Domenic Recchia 55% to 42% on
Nov. 4 to win a third term.

Recchia made the criminal case a central issue of his campaign, and at a debate
on Oct. 17, Grimm was asked, "If found guilty, would you resign?"

"Certainly, if I was not able to serve, then of course I would step aside and
there would be a special election," he replied.

But if he can escape prison time, Grimm is expected to try to hold onto his
seat, arguing he would still be "able to serve," a source familiar with his
thinking said.

Under federal law, Grimm faces up to three years behind bars on the tax evasion
charge. As a first-time offender, however, he might not have to serve any time.
That decision will be up to Chen when she sentences him sometime next year.

If Grimm is spared prison and refuses to resign, it would up to House Speaker
John Boehner (R-Ohio) to decide whether to force him to step down.

A Boehner confidant said Monday that the speaker likely would pressure Grimm to
quit.

Boehner has been "merciless on discipline," the confidant told The News. "The
bar is extremely high."

The source noted how Boehner, as House minority leader, forced Rep. Mark Souder
(R-Ind.) to resign in 2010 for having an affair with a female staffer.

Boehner was equally tough in dealing with Christopher Lee, a Buffalo-area
Republican who was pressured to quit in 2011 after emailing a shirtless photo of
himself to a woman who posted a personal ad on Craigslist.

If Grimm somehow remained in Congress, he would be virtually powerless.

Under House Ethics Rule 23, any member convicted of a crime that carries a
possible sentence of at least two years "should refrain" from voting on
legislation "until he is reelected after the date of conviction."

That means Grimm would be barred from participating in all House votes for the
entire 114th Congress.

Grimm made national headlines last winter when he threatened to throw a
television reporter over a balcony for asking about the federal investigation of
his business dealings.

Investigators spent two years looking at his ownership and management of a
restaurant, Healthalicious, from 2007 until 2010, when he was elected to
Congress.

The indictment charged that Grimm kept two sets of books to hide more than $1
million in receipts and hundreds of thousands of dollars more in wages to lower
his payroll, income and sales tax obligations.

Grimm said he was the victim of a "political witch hunt" designed to
"assassinate my character and remove me from office." He vowed to fight the
charges "tooth and nail."

"I know I'm a moral man, a man of integrity," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Michael Grimm (r-S.I.) is set to enter guilty plea Tuesday to tax
evasion charges. He may face push to quit from House Speaker John Boehner
(below). BRYAN PACE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 13

LENGTH: 499 words


Sharon couple's companies fined

A Sharon couple with insulation companies in Rhode Island and Sharon has been
asked to pay more than $58,000 in restitution and fines for failing to pay the
prevailing wage, misclassifying workers and for record-keeping violations,
according to Attorney General Martha Coakley's office. Alexander Shlepakov,
owner of Padi USA in Providence, was cited for wage violations at seven public
works projects. Coakley alleges Shlepakov owes more than $12,700 to his
employees, as well as a $12,750 fine to the state. Coakley's office also cited
Shelpakov's wife Tatiana Shelpakov and her Sharon company Elad Industrial
Insulation Inc. for failing to pay the prevailing wages to two employees on
public construction projects. Shlepakov has since paid $18,125 to one of the
employees. Shlepakov and her company were ordered to pay a $12,250 fine.

Stoughton medical suppliers sell affiliate

STD Med Inc., the Stoughton-based medical supply company, has sold its Spirus
Medical Inc. affiliate to Tokyo-based Olympus Corp. Spirus makes devices used in
the diagnosis and treatment of gastrointestinal disorders. With the sale of
Spirus Medical, STD Med will be evaluating new concepts for the launch of a new
affiliate. Spirus, meanwhile, will be renamed Olympus Endo Technology America
Inc.

Boston Scientific debt rating improved

Fitch Ratings has upgraded Boston Scientific Corp.'s debt rating to BB+ from
BBB-, a move that applies to about $4.9 billion of the Natick company's debt.
Fitch said its rating improvement is supported by the medical device company's
steady reduction of its debt and its increasingly stable operations. From Sept.
30, 2010, through March 31, Boston Scientific paid off about $1.1 billion of its
debt.

Accountant gets tax evasion sentence

A former accountant from Revere faces up to six months of home confinement after
he was sentenced in Boston federal court on tax evasion charges. Dennis Sentner,
57, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner to home confinement and
to pay $224,457 in restitution to the IRS. He had pleaded guilty to one count of
tax evasion and one count of aiding in the preparation of a false tax return in
April. Prosecutors said Sentner, operating under the name Financial Protection
Inc., deposited receipts from his business into accounts from which he made
withdrawals for his own personal use. By doing so, prosecutors say he was able
to evade paying more than $200,000 in taxes on income of more than $850,000 from
2002 through 2005. Prosecutors say he also prepared false returns for more than
10 clients with bogus business deductions.

Arbella offering data breach insurance

Arbella Insurance Group of Quincy is now offering insurance against data
breaches to its small-business customers. The coverage includes access to a team
of breach consulting experts. The insurance covers expenses, such as costs
associated with notifying potential victims, that a small business would incur
if exposed by a data breach.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 25, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Harlow Huckabee, 90; Justice Dept. Lawyer

BYLINE: Joe Holley; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 665 words


Harlow M. Huckabee, 90, a retired Justice Department lawyer who was involved in
several high-profile cases and who became an expert on the insanity defense,
died Dec. 15 of pneumonia at his home in Alexandria.

Mr. Huckabee worked with the Federal Housing Administration before joining the
Justice Department in 1956 as a trial lawyer in the criminal section of the Tax
Division. He was a lawyer with the Internal Revenue Service from 1963 to 1967
and then returned to the Justice Department, where he remained until his
retirement in 1980.

Along with Justice Department lawyer Lawrence Bailey, he prosecuted Elmer F.
"Bones" Remmer, once one of the San Francisco Bay area's flashiest and most
successful gambling czars, on charges of tax evasion. Remmer, who operated a
lodge at Lake Tahoe, was in the public eye for tangling with Hollywood's "it"
girl, Clara Bow, who lost $13,900 at his blackjack tables and later stopped
payment on her check.

The Justice Department won its case against Remmer in 1951, but the verdict was
overturned on appeal. A 1958 conviction stuck.

In 1960, Mr. Huckabee -- along with then-U.S. Attorney Elliot L. Richardson --
participated in the mental competency hearing of Boston textile magnate Bernard
Goldfine, who in the late 1950s admitted to having given Sherman Adams, chief of
staff in the Eisenhower White House, a vicuÃ±a coat, an Oriental rug and other
gifts, allegedly in exchange for help with government regulatory agencies.

Goldfine, who was defended by prominent Washington attorney Edward Bennett
Williams, was convicted of tax evasion and served eight months in prison.

In the early 1970s, Mr. Huckabee prosecuted U.S. Rep. Cornelius E. Gallagher, a
New Jersey Democrat who left Congress in 1973 after pleading guilty to tax
evasion.

Harlan Maxwell Huckabee was born Jan. 22, 1918, in Wichita Falls, Tex. At age
16, in the midst of the Depression, he joined the Civilian Conservation Corps
and was set to work clearing timber in Oregon's Rogue River National Forest.
Afterward, he worked full time for a Boston life insurance company while
finishing high school at night.

He enlisted in the Army in 1940 and served in the 2nd Armored Division. He
participated in campaigns in North Africa, Sicily, Normandy, the Rhineland, the
Ardennes and central Europe and was awarded the Bronze Star Medal.

He talked his way into Harvard after the war, convincing a dean that a high
school dropout who got his diploma in night school could compete, because of his
war experience, with the sons of the elite. He received his undergraduate degree
from Harvard in three years.

Reentering the Army, he simultaneously attended Georgetown University law
school, receiving his law degree in 1951. Assigned to the Army's Judge Advocate
General Corps, he was stationed in Korea and Japan from 1952 to 1955.

He was lead defense counsel for Army Master Sgt. Maurice L. Schick, who was
charged with murder in the 1953 strangulation of the 9-year-old daughter of an
Army colonel serving in Zama, Japan. Mr. Huckabee relied on an insanity defense
in the trial.

Schick was convicted and sentenced to death. Mr. Huckabee and his fellow defense
attorneys appealed the conviction on grounds that their client was denied
transportation and funds to be evaluated by psychiatrists in the United States.
Although the appeals failed, Mr. Huckabee pressed President Dwight D. Eisenhower
to commute the death sentence to life in prison. Eisenhower did so in 1960, with
a proviso that Schick never be paroled.

The case led to Mr. Huckabee's career-long interest in the relationship between
law and psychiatry. In retirement, he wrote two books and several law review
articles on the topic and maintained a Web site,
http://www.diminishedcapacity.com.

Mr. Huckabee's wife, Gloria C. Huckabee, died in 1997.

Survivors include three children, Bonney H. Sheahan and David C. Huckabee, both
of Arlington County, and Stephen M. Huckabee of Culpeper; a brother; six
grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Harlow M. Huckabee was a lawyer for the Justice Department's Tax
Division and the IRS and became an expert on the insanity defense.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 14, 1993, Sunday, Final Edition

Maryland Lawyer Pleads Guilty to Income Tax Evasion

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B6; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 75 words


Prince George's County lawyer Leonard L. Casalino has pleaded guilty in U.S.
District Court in Baltimore to income tax evasion charges, admitting that he
failed to report more than $ 100,000 in cash fees paid to him by clients from
1986 to 1990.

Casalino, a former assistant state's attorney in Prince George's, entered the
guilty plea Friday. He faces up to five years in prison and $ 250,0/00 in fines.
No sentencing date has been set.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday

Middleton couple face tax-evasion charges

BYLINE: Julie Manganis, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Apr. 7--MIDDLETON -- A Middleton couple were arrested yesterday by federal
agents on tax evasion charges involving millions of unreported dollars from a
scrap metal business they owned.

Joseph "Junior" Pingaro Jr., 53, and his wife, Christine Scola, 50, of 12 Jones
Road were named in a 67-count indictment alleging conspiracy, filing false tax
returns and tax evasion. A federal grand jury handed up the indictments last
week following a lengthy investigation by the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service
criminal investigation division and the U.S. attorney's office.

Prosecutors allege that over a five-year period between 2001 and 2006, the
couple transferred millions of dollars in income from their Roxbury business,
J&J Metals, to a personal checking account at the Saugus Federal Credit Union.

Scola then withdrew large amounts of the money, a total of approximately $3
million, in $9,900 increments, so she could avoid the transactions being
reported to regulators. The couple lived on that money, while dramatically
under-reporting their personal income to avoid paying taxes, prosecutors allege.

They also avoided business taxes by over-reporting the business's expenses,
prosecutors allege.

The couple also gave friends cash and asked them to purchase cashiers checks,
which the couple then used to purchase their Middleton home in 2004, prosecutors
allege.

The couple were arraigned yesterday in U.S. District Court in Boston, where
Judge Patti Saris released them on $100,000 bond. Pingaro's bond will be
secured, meaning he will have to pledge personal property and risks losing that
property if he defaults.

If convicted, the couple could face decades in prison.

Prosecutors are also seeking the forfeiture of $3 million in assets, as well as
the couple's home. Investigators had already seized more than $300,000 from the
couple's home in July 2006, during their investigation.

To see more of the Gloucester Daily Times or to subscribe, go to
http://www.gloucestertimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Gloucester Daily Times,
Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090407-GS-Middleton-couple-face-tax-evasion-charges-0407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                                 Copyright 2009


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 17, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
2 Ex-Officers Are Guilty Of Tax-Evasion Scheme

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 204 words


Two former city police officers were convicted on Monday on tax-evasion charges,
including a scheme in which they persuaded other officers to claim tax-exempt
status unlawfully.

Barton Adams, a former detective, and Frank Sambula, a former police officer,
are the 13th and 14th members of the New York Police Department to be convicted
in the investigation, which was conducted by the Internal Revenue Service and
the Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau. A 15th person implicated in the
scheme died while the case was pending.

According to the Federal complaint filed in July, former Detective Adams and
former Officer Sambula began selling tax-dodging packages to fellow officers in
1992. They charged $900 to $2,000 per officer, and during off-duty meetings told
them how to eliminate their Federal and state paycheck deductions by claiming 98
or 99 dependents on their W-4 forms, the authorities said.

They also told the officers to skip filing returns and to sign a form letter to
the I.R.S. declaring themselves tax-exempt.

After a five-week trial before Judge Lawrence A. McKenna, a jury convicted the
two men in Federal court in Manhattan on all 10 counts.

Both men are to be sentenced in June.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 26, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Metro Business;
Former Executives Guilty

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HALBFINGER

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 224 words


Two former executives of the company that makes Sweet 'n Low were convicted
yesterday in Federal District Court in Brooklyn of conspiracy and tax evasion in
the theft of $3 million from the company. Prosecutors said they used it for
personal expenses, including the construction of a million-dollar home in Old
Westbury, N.Y.

Gil Mederos, the former controller and chief financial officer of the Cumberland
Packing Corporation, the maker of the popular sugar substitute, and his brother,
Mario Mederos, formerly its purchasing agent, were accused of concealing the
embezzlement by falsifying business records and corporate tax returns.

In addition to the convictions for tax evasion and conspiring to defraud the
Internal Revenue Service, Gil Mederos was also found guilty of obstruction of
justice for ordering an employee to hide records that had been subpoenaed by a
grand jury.

Investigators later found the records, said Richard T. Vaughnan, the assistant
United States attorney who prosecuted the case.

A lawyer for the Mederos brothers, Irving Anolik, said they planned to appeal.
They will be sentenced on Feb. 13.

Ten other employees, contractors and suppliers of Cumberland, including its
president, Marvin Eisenstadt, previously pleaded guilty to charges stemming from
the investigation.   DAVID M. HALBFINGER

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 15, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

SPORTS PEOPLE: PRO BASKETBALL;
Fourth Referee Indicted

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 16; Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 94 words


JESS KERSEY yesterday became the fourth National Basketball Association referee
to be indicted on tax evasion charges for allegedly failing to pay income taxes
on money he saved by downgrading league-issued plane tickets.

A federal grand jury in Norfolk, Va., indicted Kersey, 56, on five charges of
tax evasion, the United States Attorney's office said. The maximum penalty for
each violation is three years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The N.B.A. referees MIKE MATHIS, GEORGE TOLIVER and HANK ARMSTRONG were indicted
on similar charges in February.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 6, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
2-HOUR SENTENCE GIVEN IN TAX EVASION CASE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 9, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 140 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, Dec. 5


A man trapped for two hours in a courthouse elevator on his way to plead guilty
to income tax evasion will receive a sentence equal to the time he spent in the
elevator, a Federal district judge says.

The man, Joseph J. Silvano Jr., appeared in court to enter his plea Thursday
after climbing through a hatch in the elevator where he had been trapped with 11
other people.

''My God, they are not supposed to be punished before they go to court,'' said
the judge, Walter Jay Skinner, referring to defendants.

''I will order no more sentence than the time served in the elevator,'' he said.
''This is really the last straw.''

Mr. Silvano, a 51-year-old insurance broker, is scheduled to be sentenced Jan.
14. He could have been sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined $110,000 on
charges of failing to pay $53,343 in 1981 and 1982.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                          September 30, 2004, Thursday

TRUSTS AND ESTATES LAWYER ADMITS TO TAX EVASION

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4

LENGTH: 28 words


Owen G Fiore, the San Jose (California) tax lawyer known for his work in trusts
and estates for well-heeled clients, pleads guilty to federal income-tax evasion
(M)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Kentucky: Minnesota Chiropractor Indicted for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 A federal grand jury sitting in Minneapolis returned an indictment on Feb. 1,
which was unsealed today, charging a chiropractor with one count of tax evasion
and one count of passing a fictitious obligation, Acting Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Andrew Luger of the District of Minnesota announced today.





 According to the allegations in the indictment, Donald Gibson failed to file
federal income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for the years
2004 through 2010 to report his income from his work as a chiropractor.  In May
2012, the IRS informed Gibson that he owed approximately $330,000 in federal
income taxes for those years.  Gibson allegedly evaded paying his federal income
taxes for 2004 through 2010 by, among other things, cashing his business checks
at a check-cashing facility, purchasing money orders and directing his income
onto stored-value debit cards.  Gibson is further alleged to have used Sovereign
Christian Mission, a nonprofit corporation he registered with the Oregon
Secretary of State, to hide his income and pay his personal expenses. The
indictment also charges Gibson with submitting a fake bond that he claimed to be
valued at $300 million to the Department of the Treasury to pay off his tax
liabilities.



 If convicted, Gibson faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for the tax evasion charge and a statutory maximum sentence of 25 years in
prison for the passing a fictitious obligation charge.



 An indictment is not a finding of guilt.  The individual charged in the
indictment is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.




 Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Luger thanked
special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case, and
Trial Attorney Ryan R. Raybould of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Joseph Thompson of the District of Minnesota, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Kentucky: Minnesota Chiropractor Indicted for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 A federal grand jury sitting in Minneapolis returned an indictment on Feb. 1,
which was unsealed today, charging a chiropractor with one count of tax evasion
and one count of passing a fictitious obligation, Acting Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Andrew Luger of the District of Minnesota announced today.





 According to the allegations in the indictment, Donald Gibson failed to file
federal income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for the years
2004 through 2010 to report his income from his work as a chiropractor.  In May
2012, the IRS informed Gibson that he owed approximately $330,000 in federal
income taxes for those years.  Gibson allegedly evaded paying his federal income
taxes for 2004 through 2010 by, among other things, cashing his business checks
at a check-cashing facility, purchasing money orders and directing his income
onto stored-value debit cards.  Gibson is further alleged to have used Sovereign
Christian Mission, a nonprofit corporation he registered with the Oregon
Secretary of State, to hide his income and pay his personal expenses. The
indictment also charges Gibson with submitting a fake bond that he claimed to be
valued at $300 million to the Department of the Treasury to pay off his tax
liabilities.



 If convicted, Gibson faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for the tax evasion charge and a statutory maximum sentence of 25 years in
prison for the passing a fictitious obligation charge.



 An indictment is not a finding of guilt.  The individual charged in the
indictment is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.




 Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Luger thanked
special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case, and
Trial Attorney Ryan R. Raybould of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Joseph Thompson of the District of Minnesota, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Kentucky: Minnesota Chiropractor Indicted for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 A federal grand jury sitting in Minneapolis returned an indictment on Feb. 1,
which was unsealed today, charging a chiropractor with one count of tax evasion
and one count of passing a fictitious obligation, Acting Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice Department's Tax Division and U.S.
Attorney Andrew Luger of the District of Minnesota announced today.





 According to the allegations in the indictment, Donald Gibson failed to file
federal income tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for the years
2004 through 2010 to report his income from his work as a chiropractor.  In May
2012, the IRS informed Gibson that he owed approximately $330,000 in federal
income taxes for those years.  Gibson allegedly evaded paying his federal income
taxes for 2004 through 2010 by, among other things, cashing his business checks
at a check-cashing facility, purchasing money orders and directing his income
onto stored-value debit cards.  Gibson is further alleged to have used Sovereign
Christian Mission, a nonprofit corporation he registered with the Oregon
Secretary of State, to hide his income and pay his personal expenses. The
indictment also charges Gibson with submitting a fake bond that he claimed to be
valued at $300 million to the Department of the Treasury to pay off his tax
liabilities.



 If convicted, Gibson faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for the tax evasion charge and a statutory maximum sentence of 25 years in
prison for the passing a fictitious obligation charge.



 An indictment is not a finding of guilt.  The individual charged in the
indictment is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.




 Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Luger thanked
special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case, and
Trial Attorney Ryan R. Raybould of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Joseph Thompson of the District of Minnesota, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 7, 2010 Wednesday

BRIEF: Real estate broker indicted for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mike Sakal, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 257 words


Apr. 7--A real estate broker with East Valley ties accused of not filing tax
returns for four years, was indicted on federal tax evasion-related charges, the
U.S. Attorney's Office announced on Wednesday.

Sue Janice Taylor, who had residences listed in Gilbert, Florence and Casa
Grande, was charged March 30 with four counts of tax evasion and four counts of
willful failure to file tax returns, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Taylor is accused of not filing income taxes for income she earned from real
estate commissions and land sales from 2003 to 2006.

It is further alleged that during those tax years, Taylor used her purported
real estate brokerage, National Landbank, and purported real estate trusts to
hide earnings from commissions and ownership interest in real property from the
Internal Revenue Service, including a purchase and sale of property in which she
earned a $72,000 commission and had an interest in $1.3 million in proceeds from
the sale. The income was not reported to the IRS, according to the U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Taylor will be arraigned in the U.S. District Court in Phoenix on April 14.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100407-MZ-BRF-Real-estate-broker-indicted-for-tax-evasion-0407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2010 East Valley Tribune


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 28, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

69 EMPLOYEES OF STATE TAX DEPT. REPORTEDLY FAILED TO FILE RETURNS

BYLINE: By EDWARD A. GARGAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 27


At least 69 employees of the State Department of Taxation and Finance, many of
them tax enforcers, have failed to file state income-tax forms over periods as
long as five years, an internal investigation by the agency has found.

The discovery of so many violations of the state tax law in the very agency that
monitors tax compliance has raised questions about the extent of tax violations
throughout the state government, according to a department spokesman.

All the cases uncovered were referred to the Albany County District Attorney's
office late Tuesday afternoon for prosecution.



5,100 Employees in Agency

''Since we have been getting tough in all our enforcement efforts, we felt it
incumbent on us to make sure our own house was in order,'' said Roderick G. W.
Chu, the Commissioner of Taxation and Finance. ''We are going to go after tax
evasion wherever we find it, whether it is tax department employees, doctors,
out-of-state corporations or gasoline bootleggers.''

Karl Felsen, a spokesman for the Department of Taxation, said at least 69 cases
were involved. He said it was by far the largest incident of tax evasion
discovered inside the agency, which employs 5,100 people.

Mr. Felsen said failure to file a state income-tax form for a period of three
years was considered an attempt to evade taxes, even if a refund was owed the
taxpayer.

''I don't think what we found was out of the ordinary,'' Mr. Felsen said.
''There is an awful lot of this in every sort of profession. Why should our
profession be exempt.''

Sol Greenberg, the Albany County District Attorney, said that he had received a
two-inch-thick stack of documents from the Tax Department very late on Tuesday
and that he had not had time to proceed in the matter.

''This is a violation of the law by people who are law enforcers,'' Mr.
Greenberg said. But he added: ''We haven't set up a game plan on what we're
going to do. It hasn't been in my office more than three working hours.''

Last July, Mr. Chu established a bureau of internal security within the newly
formed division of enforcement. The division pursues cases of tax evasion,
especially in the retail gasoline business and among professionals like doctors
and lawyers.

Many tax evasion cases by doctors have come to light by a process of comparing
state payments to doctors, such as Medicaid reimbursements, with tax forms.

By employing a similar technique, the internal security bureau compared
paychecks issued to Tax Department employees with their tax forms and uncovered
the tax violations, Mr. Felsen said.

All the employees who failed to file income-tax forms were confronted by the
department's investigators, Mr. Felsen said, but they were not dismissed from
their jobs.

''Everybody has been interviewed the same way we do with any taxpayer,'' Mr.
Felsen explained. ''In this particular instance, we bent over backwards to send
everything to the District Attorney. What we will do is wait to see if they will
be prosecuted.''



Other State Employees

At the same time, Mr. Felsen said, the presence of tax violators within the
department has clearly indicated to the department that there is considerable
tax evasion by state employees. As a consequence, the department is actively
considering whether to review the tax returns of the entire state work force.

''It's a definite possibility,'' he said flatly.

Although it is too early to tell what action will be taken by his office, Mr.
Greenberg said, there are some instances in which employees who failed to file
income-tax forms are actually due refunds.

Nonetheless, he said, it is a misdemeanor not to file an income-tax form, even
if a refund is due. It is also a misdemeanor if a taxpayer who owes money to the
state fails to file income- tax forms.

Governor Cuomo has proposed legislation to raise criminal penalties for tax
evasion and to increase tax compliance by individuals and businesses in the
state. ''The state tax law needs a lot of revision,'' Nathan Riley, a spokesman
for Attorney General Robert Abrams, said.

Even in the cases of Tax Department employees who owe the state money for past
years, Mr. Greenberg said, there is not a great deal of money involved.

''We're not looking at a lot of bucks,'' the District Attorney said. ''But it's
the example. That's the impact. The revelaton is the impact.''

Mr. Greenberg was emphatic in his praise of Mr. Chu for conducting an
investigation into his own agency.

''I've got to give Commissoner Chu tremendous credit for what he is doing,'' he
said. ''You have enough trouble collecting under the tax law as it is. He's
given us a rather complete report.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Roderick G.W. Chu, Commissioner of Taxation and Finance

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 24, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Former Dakota Madam Indicted On Income Tax Evasion Charges

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 55 words

DATELINE: SIOUX FALLS, S.D., June 23


Pam Holliday, formerly madam of a brothel, has been indicted by a Federal grand
jury on three counts of income tax evasion, United States Attorney Terry Pechota
has announced.

Mr. Pechota said yesterday that Miss Holliday was charged with willfully trying
to evade income taxes for 1975, 1976 and 1977.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Tennessee: Shelby County Resident Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the arrest of Michael Keith Sharp (46)
for tax evasion.





 On Thursday, September 22, 2016, Sharp turned himself in to Revenue Special
Agents and was booked into the Shelby County Jail on one charge of tax evasion
relating to his false registration of a boat at the Shelby County Clerk's
Office.



 "The Department of Revenue promotes voluntary taxpayer compliance by educating
taxpayers, aggressively pursuing criminal sanctions and demanding accountability
when taxpayers engage in fraudulent activity," said Revenue Commissioner Richard
H. Roberts. "This arrest underscores the department's ongoing efforts to enforce
Tennessee's tax laws."



 If convicted, Sharp could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the state
penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for the felony charge of attempted tax
evasion. The Department is pursuing the criminal case in cooperation with
District Attorney General Amy Weirich and her staff. Citizens who suspect
violations of Tennessee's revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot
line at (800) FRAUDTX (372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws, as well as the collection of
taxes and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87
percent of total state revenue. During the 2016 fiscal year, it collected $13.5
billion in state taxes and fees, and more than $2.6 billion in taxes and fees
for local governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: Shelby County Resident Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the arrest of Michael Keith Sharp (46)
for tax evasion.





 On Thursday, September 22, 2016, Sharp turned himself in to Revenue Special
Agents and was booked into the Shelby County Jail on one charge of tax evasion
relating to his false registration of a boat at the Shelby County Clerk's
Office.



 "The Department of Revenue promotes voluntary taxpayer compliance by educating
taxpayers, aggressively pursuing criminal sanctions and demanding accountability
when taxpayers engage in fraudulent activity," said Revenue Commissioner Richard
H. Roberts. "This arrest underscores the department's ongoing efforts to enforce
Tennessee's tax laws."



 If convicted, Sharp could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the state
penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for the felony charge of attempted tax
evasion. The Department is pursuing the criminal case in cooperation with
District Attorney General Amy Weirich and her staff. Citizens who suspect
violations of Tennessee's revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot
line at (800) FRAUDTX (372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws, as well as the collection of
taxes and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87
percent of total state revenue.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Tennessee: Bledsoe County Business Woman Arrested on Sales Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the indictment and arrest of Sybil
Marjean Stanley for sales tax evasion. Stanley, 63, surrendered to Revenue
Special Agents at the Bledsoe County Detention Center.





 On March 28, the Bledsoe County Grand Jury indicted Stanley, co-owner of Duke's
Country Store, on multiple counts of sales tax evasion. Bond was set at $10,000.




 "The Department of Revenue promotes voluntary taxpayer compliance by educating
taxpayers, aggressively pursuing criminal sanctions and demanding accountability
when taxpayers engage in fraudulent activity," Revenue Commissioner Richard
Roberts said. "This arrest underscores the Department's ongoing efforts to
enforce Tennessee's tax laws."



 If convicted, Stanley could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the state
penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for each felony count of attempted sales tax
evasion.



 The Department pursued the criminal case in cooperation with District Attorney
General J. Michael Taylor and his staff. Citizens who suspect violations of
Tennessee's revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800)
FRAUDTX (372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87 percent of
total state revenue. During the 2015 fiscal year, it collected $12.6 billion in
state taxes and fees and more than $2.4 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

Former county employee faces seven new wire fraud charges

BYLINE: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review

LENGTH: 144 words


A federal grand jury in Pittsburgh added seven wire fraud charges on  Thursday
in the case against Alfredo Sararo III of Naples, Fla., a  former Allegheny
County employee accused of cheating investors and banks  in a land deal.

Sararo, 41, previously was indicted on tax evasion charges. The new  charges
claim Sararo lied to investors and lenders and falsified  documents and
persuaded others to do the same.

Sararo had filed a motion to move the tax evasion case to Florida. In  opposing
the motion, the government said it planned to ask a grand jury  to add the wire
fraud counts.

Prosecutors have accused Sararo of persuading his former friend,  retired
Allegheny County Common Pleas Judge Robert P. Horgos, 63, of  Sewickley Hills,
to borrow more than $1 million to invest in the land  deal. Horgos has a pending
Florida lawsuit seeking recovery of the  money.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 InsideCounsel (formerly Corporate Legal Times)

                                   April 2010

IRS Cracks Down on Tax Evasion

BYLINE: Krystal Wilson

LENGTH: 200  words



HIGHLIGHT: The largest Swiss bank's confession that it helped Americans hide
their assets from the IRS is leading to charges against many tax evaders


Harry Abrahamsen, a businessman from New Jersey and former UBS AG client,
pleaded guilty to tax evasion in Newark, N.J., federal court for failing to pay
taxes on more than $700,000 held in overseas accounts.

Abrahamsen is the third UBS client to be charged with tax evasion this year. He
admitted he didn't file the necessary Reports of Foreign Bank or Financial
Accounts (FBARs) for his two accounts from 1999 to 2007. He also admitted that
he didn't declare the UBS accounts on his tax returns from 1999 to 2006, and he
didn't declare that he earned the income in the accounts.

In 2009 UBS paid $780 million in a settlement with the Justice Department and
released names of U.S. account holders to avoid U.S. prosecution. UBS also
admitted to helping Americans hide money from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
(IRS), a point that Abrahamsen also revealed in court.

As part of his agreement Abrahamsen has to pay back taxes, interest, a 50
percent FBAR penalty on the highest account balance and could face up to five
years in prison when sentenced July 27.

The case is USA v. Harry Abrahamsen.

To read the full story, follow this link:
http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601127&sid=apc40k4Ehclo

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                Copyright 2010 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 May 29, 1999, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SEN. BANKS FACES CHARGES OF TAX EVASION, PERJURY

BYLINE: Terry Ganey; Jefferson City Bureau Chief

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1207 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


* The charges against Banks relate to his handling of income from the
divestiture of the St. Louis Airport Limousine Service Inc., which Banks sold in
1990.

State Sen. J.B. "Jet" Banks, a controversial and colorful legislator who's
represented parts of St. Louis for nearly 30 years, pleaded not guilty Friday to
state charges of tax evasion and perjury.

Two sealed indictments handed up this month accuse Banks, 75, of failing to pay
state income tax on $ 61,000 in 1994 and 1995, and of lying to a grand jury in
April of last year about the price he paid for a St. Louis airport limousine
business.

Accompanied by his wife, Anita, and his lawyer, Donald Wolff, Banks entered not
guilty pleas at a five-minute arraignment before Cole County Circuit Judge Byron
Kinder. Trial dates were set for September, but Wolff indicated that it might
take longer to prepare a defense.

Banks, a Democrat, was freed on a signature bond of $ 10,000. He refused to
answer reporters' questions as he left the courthouse.

"He's not guilty, and we will go to trial on this matter," Wolff said. "There is
a presumption of innocence for everyone, including a state senator. People have
been trying to pin something on the senator for 17 years."

The charges were brought by Cole County Prosecuting Attorney Richard Callahan,
whose office has been investigating Banks since July 1997 in a case referred by
the state Ethics Commission. That case involved a complaint about Banks'
campaign finance disclosure forms and was based on a report in the Post-Dispatch
on March 30, 1997.

The story showed that the balance in Banks' campaign fund had dropped by $
105,000 with no explanation of where the money went. Banks said the campaign
finance forms were too confusing for his volunteer staff to fill out. No charges
were filed based on Banks' campaign finance reports.

But in the process of investigating the ethics complaint, Callahan's office
uncovered other information that led to the tax-evasion-related indictments,
which were returned by a county grand jury May 12. The indictments were sealed
until arrangements were made for Banks to appear in court on Friday.

Always a dresser, Banks appeared in a cream-colored suit with blue pinstripes
and a dark blue handkerchief in his breast pocket. When he slowly walked into
the courtroom, he wore a straw cap, which Wolff told him to remove. After
arranging his bond, Banks left the courthouse in a 1998 gold-colored Cadillac
registered to the treasurer of Banks' re-election committee.

Two indictments

The charges against Banks relate to his handling of income from the divestiture
of the St. Louis Airport Limousine Service Inc., which Banks sold in 1990.
Banks' disclosure forms have shown that he received income from Summit Group,
which bought the limousine service from him.

The first count of the three-count tax-evasion indictment says Banks failed to
pay state income taxes on $ 29,000 of income from the 1994 tax year. The second
count says he did not pay taxes on $ 32,000 received in 1995. The third count,
an alternative to the second count, says that Banks, "acting with others," filed
a false state income tax return in 1996 for the 1995 calendar year. It said he
reported that his federal adjusted gross income for the year was $ 55,882 when
it should have been reported as $ 88,000.

Callahan said the "acting with others" refers to Abe Bell, an accountant who
worked for Banks and who was on the state Senate payroll for about 11 years.
Bell, who lived in Clayton, was convicted in U.S. District Court in St. Louis on
federal tax-evasion charges and is serving a three-year prison sentence.

In March 1997, Bell was convicted on charges of helping another man hide
ownership of a mansion in Clayton and to prepare false tax returns. No charges
have been filed against Bell in connection with Banks' case. State Senate
records show that Bell was a part-time worker for Banks at the rate of $ 1,179
per month. Bell, 76, remained on the Senate payroll after his conviction until
his sentencing in September 1997.

The second indictment alleges that Banks lied to the grand jury during an
appearance April 30, 1998, when he said he paid $ 150,000 to buy Premier Service
Corp., the limousine business, in 1982. The indictment says the purchase price
was "$ 60,000 or less." Overstating the purchase price affects the tax basis for
stating the value of an asset that is later sold. The difference between the
first purchase price and the later sale price is the amount of a capital gain
upon which tax would be owed.

Wolff said there was no reason for a criminal charge to be filed in the tax case
and that there were experts who would argue that the money Banks received should
not have been counted as income.

"We believe there are viable legal reasons why this isn't income," Wolff said.
Regarding the perjury charge, Wolff said "a person can be mistaken, and that's
not perjury."

The charges are felonies punishable by prison terms of up to seven years and
maximum fines of $ 5,000.

Federal inquiry

Wolff said that there had been a recent separate federal investigation of Banks
in St. Louis but that Wolff did not know its status. Federal officials and
Callahan had no comment Friday. Callahan credited Internal Revenue Service
agents with helping out in his investigation. Several are scheduled to be
witnesses at Banks' trial.

In a political career that began in 1969, Banks has survived a police
investigation into the murder of a political rival, an attorney general's
challenge that he didn't live in his district and three IRS investigations. One
IRS inquiry centered on problems with a credit union he ran, another looked into
reports that he got kickbacks from people he put into patronage jobs, and a
third involved his airport-limousine service.

Banks has been a member of the Legislature since 1969, when he took a seat in
the House. He won a Senate seat in 1976 and went on to become the Senate
majority leader, the No. 2 spot, in 1988. He was the first black to hold that
position in the state's history. He is now the chairman of the Senate Public
Health Committee. His 5th Senate District covers half the city's land mass.

Banks has passed more than 150 bills. They include legislation that gave
Harris-Stowe State College state status and a measure that cut the state sales
tax on food by 3 cents. He has also influenced the appointments of judges and
the promotions of police officers.

There have been reports that Banks would not seek re-election next year when his
term expires. Banks has denied them. Still, state Reps. Paula Carter and Ron
Auer, both St. Louis Democrats, are positioning themselves to run for Banks'
seat, should it become vacant.

Wolff said Friday that Banks had no plans to get out of politics because he
wasn't guilty of anything.

The ethics complaint against Banks was lodged by a spokesman for the Missouri
Republican Party. John Hancock, the GOP executive director, reacted to the
charges by saying: "We are glad any time public corruption is exposed. This is
another in a series of unfortunate episodes that underscore the arrogance of
power when one party controls a state for 50 years."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (1) Photo by LARRY WILLIAMS/POST-DISPATCH - State Sen. J.B. "Jet"
Banks, D-St. Louis (left), supervises his limousine business at Lambert Field in
1986. Banks is charged with tax evasion and lying to a grand jury about the
price he paid for the limousine business, which he later sold. He pleaded not
guilty of the charges Friday.
 (2) Photo by WENDI FITZGERALD/POST-DISPATCH - State Sen. William Lacy Clay Jr.,
D-St. Louis (left) talks with state Sen. J.B. "Jet" Banks, D-St. Louis, on the
Senate floor in Jefferson City on Sept. 10, 1997. Both senators voted that day
against overriding Gov. Mel Carnahan's veto of a bill banning late-term
abortions.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            April 14, 2010 Wednesday

Shippensburg builder in court for tax evasion

BYLINE: By MARCUS RAUHUT Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 474 words


HARRISBURG - A Shippensburg builder pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of tax
evasion in federal court in Harrisburg.

Troy A. Beam remains free on bail after he was indicted by a federal grand jury
in February on charges of corruptly endeavoring to obstruct and impede the IRS,
attempted income tax evasion and failure to file federal income tax returns.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Martin C. Carlson ordered Tuesday that jury selection
begin at 9:30 a.m. June 7, according to court documents.

Beam operates a home construction business, Sunbeam Builders, and two real
estate businesses, Latrobe Leasing and Goldstar Property Management.

The indictment alleges that Beam has not filed a federal income tax return or
paid taxes since 1996, though he is earning substantial income from these
businesses.

It also claims that he used fraudulent trusts and foreign bank accounts to hide
his income and assets and to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service from
assessing and collecting taxes, including one account in the Cayman Islands that
held nearly $3 million of his business income.

If convicted on all the charges, Beam faces as much as 12 years of imprisonment,
$900,000 in fines and full restitution to the IRS for all back taxes.

The grand jury indictment claims that Beam had purchased trusts through
Commonwealth Trust Co., a Texas-based "pure trust" company that, according to
the IRS, encouraged investors to place income and assets into trusts for the
purpose of evading federal income taxes.

As part of his release agreement, the court ordered that Beam surrender his
passport and avoid any contact with Wayne Rebuck, a former director of
Commonwealth Trust. Rebuck has testified against other individuals convicted of
tax evasion and helped the federal government's case against actor Wesley
Snipes, who purchased trusts from the company.

Eleven people, including a Waynesboro accountant, were indicted in 2006 for
their role with Commonwealth Trust.

Beam is a former certified public accountant and worked as an auditor in the
Pennsylvania auditor general's office for several years. He passed the CPA
examination in 1989, but the license expired in 1994.

His real estate management companies own properties throughout Shippensburg and
Mont Alto.

He is also the author of the book, "Trevor's Song: The Miraculous True Story of
a Tragic Farm Accident, a Father's Love, and One Boy's Leap of Faith."

In 1999, the IRS assessed Beam with more than half a million dollars in back
taxes, penalties and interest, but he refused to cooperate with the IRS's
attempts to collect the money.

According to the indictment, he told the IRS that he has no financial interest
in any of the trusts or entities through which he was doing business and accused
IRS employees of misconduct.

----------

Marcus Rauhut can be reached at mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com or 262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 18, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

BEATTY IS GUILTY ON FOUR COUNTS OF TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 403 words


Former State Senator Vander L. Beatty of Brooklyn, already serving prison terms
for election fraud and racketeering, pleaded guilty yesterday to tax evasion in
the last criminal case pending against him.

Speaking in a barely audible voice, he admitted in State Supreme Court in
Brooklyn that he was guilty of four counts of having evaded state and city
income taxes owed for 1981 and 1982.

In the court proceeding, neither Mr. Beatty nor the prosecution cited the amount
of income and taxes involved. But the prosecutor, Edward Boyar, an assistant
district attorney, later said that had the case gone to trial, his office would
have shown that Mr. Beatty evaded taxes on a total of more than $40,000 in
income in the two years.

'Siphoned' State Funds


The income, according to the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, represented
state funds that Mr. Beatty had ''siphoned'' for himself after the money had
been given to three community groups in his Senate district.

Mr. Beatty, who is 43 years old, also pleaded guilty to offering a false
instrument for filing. When Mr. Beatty was indicted in the case last year, Mr.
Boyar's office said Mr. Beatty had filed a state financial-disclosure form in
which he ''falsely claimed to have no interests or relationships which could be
affected by legislative action,'' even though the Legislature approved funds for
community groups that reportedly paid rent to a company with which Mr. Beatty
was affiliated.

He pleaded guilty in an agreement with the prosecutors under which they will
recommend that he be given a sentence of one to three years to run concurrently
with the sentences he is already serving for election fraud and racketeering. He
faced up to four years in prison for his latest plea. Justice Joseph S. Levine
set sentencing for Oct. 3.

In the election fraud case, in which Mr. Beatty illegally sought to reverse his
defeat in a 1982 Democratic Congressinal primary, he was convicted in State
Supreme Court last year and is serving a term of 16 months to 4 years.

In the racketeering case, he pleaded guilty two months ago in Federal court to
stealing more than $200,000 from a fourth community group. Last week he was
sentenced to four years in prison in that case, with Judge I. Leo Glasser
recommending to the Justice Department that the Federal racketeering sentence
run concurrently with the state election-fraud term.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Saratoga shorts: A Saratoga woman was sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison for
failing to report more than $2.1 million of income.

BYLINE: Saratoga News

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 193 words


Liu sentenced for tax evasion

A Saratoga woman was sentenced to 2½ years in prison for failing to report more
than $2.1 million in income.

Liping Liu, 56, pleaded guilty in March to tax evasion as part of a plea
agreement. She apparently created a tax evasion scheme in which she skimmed
money from various sources, including rental properties and her spouse's dental
and orthodontic practice. Liu admitted that she knew her actions were against
the law and that she was evading the assessment and payment of federal taxes
throughout the course of her scheme, according to the U.S. Department of
Justice. She was sentenced on Sept. 15 at the U.S. District Court in San Jose.

Clean-up events in Saratoga

Saratoga residents are invited to get involved in a pair of clean-up activities
taking place this month.

The first is from 9 a.m. to noon on Sept. 20 and will be held at the Los Gatos
Creek on Creekside Way in Campbell. The second activity takes place at Wildwood
Park on Sept. 25 from 4 to 6 p.m.

To register for the Sept. 20 clean-up, visit cleanacreek.org . For information
about the Sept. 25 activity, contact Rishi Kumar at
youtube.com/watch?v=JNubnyIE7yA.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday

Grand jury issues new indictment in Florida land fraud case

BYLINE: Pittsburgh Tribune-Review

LENGTH: 160 words


A  Pittsburgh federal grand jury today added seven wire fraud charges in  the
case against Alfredo Sararo III of Naples, Fla., a former Allegheny  County
employee who prosecutors say cheated investors and banks in a  complicated land
deal.

Sararo, 41, already was under indictment on four tax  evasion charges. The new
charges claim that Sararo lied to investors and  lenders and falsified documents
and persuaded others to do the same.

Sararo  had filed a motion to move the tax evasion case to Florida. In
documents opposing the motion, the government said it planned to ask a  grand
jury to add the wire  fraud counts.

Prosecutors  say in court documents that Sararo persuaded his former friend,
retired  Allegheny County Common Pleas Judge Robert P. Horgos, 63, of Sewickley
Hills to  borrow more than $1 million from friends and relatives to invest in
the  land deal. Horgos has a pending Florida civil lawsuit seeking recovery  of
the money he lost.



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Tax-free diesel seen as fuel for easy fraud Colorado needs ``to get a handle
on'' illicit use of the red-tinted fuel that's legal only in certain off-road
vehicles.

BYLINE: Nancy Lofholm The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1144 words


While Colorado struggles to find money to update its roads, it's doing little to
monitor use of tax-free diesel - an area other states have found ripe for fraud.

Well over 220 million gallons of tax-

free diesel is pumped into Colorado gas tanks each year. Since the start of
2001, that has amounted to $707 million in exempted federal and state taxes.

The fuel is meant for certain off-

road vehicles, but it finds its way into trucks owned by farmers and by oil and
gas workers - and, in the worst cases, is bought by criminals who resell it to
make a buck.

"We need to get a handle on this, said state Rep. Don Marostica, R-Loveland,
when he learned how much fuel is exempted from taxes in the state and that
Colorado has no coordinated program to oversee fuel fraud.

Marostica, who served on the legislature's transportation committee, said he was
aware of diesel exemptions - and the abuses - because he grew up on a farm. But
he had no idea the exemption extended to construction and the booming oil and
gas fields. He also was not aware that the use is not closely monitored.

Tax-exempt diesel, dyed red to show it doesn't include the 44.9-cent state and
federal per-gallon taxes other users pay, can legally be used only off-road,
mainly in farm and construction equipment. It is illegal even to drive a vehicle
powered by tax-exempt diesel across the street.

The Federal Highway Administration estimates national diesel-tax evasion losses
have surpassed $4 billion annually. That's up from an estimate of $800 million
in 1995. The U.S. Department of Transportation puts the losses at between $1
billion and $10 billion annually. The agencies do not break down the losses
state by state.

"It's tough to know how bad or how widespread the problem is," said Doug Hecox,
spokesman for the highway agency. "There are a lot of different hands at the
till."

Some states have organized programs to cut down on fraud and to beef up their
transportation budgets through fines and tax collections.

$226,000 in penalties

In the past year, fuel-fraud officers in Arizona have pulled in $3 million in
taxes that evaders had tried to avoid. Another $226,000 was collected in
penalties.

While most other states are not as organized as Arizona, roadside crackdowns
elsewhere have snagged drivers with red fuel in their Mercedeses or pickups.
Tennessee, Minnesota, Wisconsin and Arizona have coordinated enforcement
programs. Wyoming and Montana have been studying fuel-tax evasion. Texas,
Louisiana and Mississippi are looking at ways to stop a surge of illegal fuel in
the Gulf Coast.

A snarl of federal regulations make fuel-tax exemptions a tough set of laws to
understand - and a hard set to enforce.

Vehicles driven by the American Red Cross and bloodmobiles are exempt, but the
Salvation Army's are not. Refrigerator units on semis fall under tax-free rules
- but not the trucks themselves. Farmers may use tax-exempt diesel in their
fields but not for mowing their lawns. Tax-exempt fuel is OK to power generators
in recreational vehicles, but not the RVs' engines.

Separate laws allow governmental entities to use tax-free gasoline in vehicles
with government plates. Those can be driven on roads.

In Colorado, no one checks whether farmers or oil-and-gas workers fill their
pickups from tanks marked "tax-exempt" for trips to town or commutes from oil
rigs, though people who live and work in those areas say it happens regularly.
Some oil and gas companies are doing internal investigations to try to stop
tax-exempt diesel losses that cost the companies tens of thousands of dollars a
month.

"We're aware it's out there. And it's something we highlight at all of our
contractor education meetings," said EnCana spokesman Doug Hock.

Williams Cos. uses dyed diesel to power drilling rigs, but company spokeswoman
Susan Alvillar said the practice is closely monitored by an onsite consultant.

"Our people tell us in days past it has been a problem, but not now," she said.
"Some of our subcontractors I can't speak for. We don't monitor their diesel
use."

With dyed diesel, the Colorado Department of Revenue and the Internal Revenue
Service - neither of which has agents devoted full time to fuel-tax evasion -
focus their audits on fuel distributors and spot-checks on commercial trucks.
Distributors are tasked with keeping their own records and are not required to
reveal whom they sell tax-free fuel to unless they are audited.

A fraction of commercial trucks entering and leaving the state are checked at
the points-of-entry. In the past year, revenue agents dipped dye-detecting
sticks into 20,608 commercial trucks and cited 23 for illegally using dyed
diesel.

The revenue agencies point to the Colorado State Patrol or local law enforcement
agencies as the proper authorities to be checking for illegal diesel in
noncommercial vehicles.

No checks for dyed diesel

"We don't do any checks for dyed diesel," said patrol spokesman Trooper David
Hall. "It's complicated and costly to prove it in court."

Hall points back to the IRS and the state Department of Revenue. "It's a
tax-revenue issue," he said.

"We target the things we think are most costly to state taxpayers. We don't see
the evidence that leads us to believe this is one of the high-cost areas of tax
evasion," said Mark Couch, spokesman for the state Department of Revenue.

The IRS's last large fuel-tax evasion bust to make news in the state occurred in
2004. A Denver man was convicted of buying tax-free diesel, then selling it as
taxed fuel to truck stops. He had pocketed more than $14 million in taxes.

Stacey Stegman of the Colorado Department of Transportation said the discussion
about how much the state might be losing because of fuel-tax evasion "has never
come up" in the hand-wringing sessions over budget shortfalls.

State Rep. Bernie Buescher, D-Grand Junction, joined those who are saying it's
time the topic is raised. "If there are folks out there that are cheating,
that's unacceptable," he said.

Erich Muehlegger, assistant professor of public policy at Harvard's John F.
Kennedy School of Government, studies fuel-tax evasion and said the dye, which
was added to the gas in 1993, did a good job of cutting down evasion - for a
time.

His latest study shows current regulations provide access to large quantities of
untaxed diesel, creating incentives for evasion schemes whether they be taking
free tanks of dyed diesel from oil-rig supplies or selling large loads of dyed
diesel at truck stops or distributorships.

Deliberate large-scale diesel-tax cheaters are finding new ways to stay ahead of
investigators. They have figured out how to chemically remove the red dye or to
monkey with dye-injection equipment so the dye doesn't really inject into the
fuel - or they simply sell the dyed fuel to nonqualified users who don't mind
that it is illegal.

Nancy Lofholm: 970-256-1957 or nlofholm@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 4, 1987 Thursday

Scientific research credits sold   Man faces tax evasion charge

BYLINE: JOCK FERGUSON; GAM

LENGTH: 358 words


BY  JOCK FERGUSON
 The Globe and Mail
  A Mississauga, Ont., businessman has been charged with evading
$2,509,890 in income taxes in the operation of an elaborate scientific
research tax credit scheme.

Thomas Corr , 38, was arrested by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police on
May 23 at Toronto's Lester B. Pearson International Airport and charged
with three counts of tax evasion and three counts of making false or
deceptive statements.

The charges say that two of his companies, Cancor Software Corp. and
Cancor Research Inc., overstated research expenditures by $5,019,781 in
tax returns filed for the 1985 taxation year.

The six offences are alleged to have occurred between February, 1984,
and May, 1986.

Mr. Corr was held in custody for four days and then released on
$700,000 (U.S.) bail and a promissory note of $200,000 (Canadian) secured
against his house on Watersedge Road in Mississauga.

The bail was in the form of a letter of credit made payable to the
Receiver-General of Canada on demand. The Government will cash the letter
only if Mr. Corr does not show up for any scheduled court appearances.

The charges stem from $7-million Mr. Corr and his Louisville, Ky.,
partner, Thomas Aubrey, raised from the sale of scientific research tax
credits in 1984, committing them to do about $16-million worth of research
in a one-year period.

Mr. Aubrey, a wealthy Louisville businessman, was the brains behind the
complex scheme, according to former employees and court records.

The Department of National Revenue says almost $3-billion was invested
in research schemes during the life of the much-abused program in 1984 and
1985. At least $1-billion of the money has been lost through fraud,
misappropriation or theft, the Government says.

Probes of Mr. Corr and Mr. Aubrey by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service in the United States are
continuing.

The assets of the Cancor companies were sold in January, 1987, to
Cullinet Software Inc. a Boston, Mass., software company where Mr. Corr is
now working.

The Cancor office at 48 Village Centre Pl. in Mississauga has been
closed and several million dollars worth of computer equipment has been
removed.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 20, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Daily dish

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 314  words


Snipes ordered to jail for tax evasion

A U.S. federal court on Friday rejected a request for a new trial for Hollywood
actor Wesley Snipes and ordered him to report to prison to serve his three-year
sentence for tax evasion.

Snipes, star of movies like Demolition Man and the Blade vampire trilogy, was
convicted in 2008 of evading taxes totalling some

$20 million, but had appealed his sentence and sought a new trial. The
48-year-old Hollywood star had a "fair trial" but now needs to report to jail,
said Judge William Terrell Hodges in Snipes's home state of Florida.

The actor had been accused of failing to file tax returns from 1999 to 2004.

Arcade Fire teams with Spike Jonze

The new Arcade Fire video for The Suburbs, directed by filmmaker Spike Jonze, is
now ready for online viewing.

Like the band's ground-breaking interactive video for We Used to Wait, the new
short film takes us back to the actual suburbs -- to the pre-fab houses,
fast-food restaurants and highway overpasses of Texas, not far from where the
band's frontman, Win Butler, grew up.

Back in August, Butler revealed to Pitchfork that the band had spent some time
shooting a short film with Spike Jonze and a bunch of 15-year-olds, describing
the piece as being "like a science-fiction B-movie companion piece for the
record."

Rapper DMX back in jail

Rapper DMX is back in an Arizona jail for drug-related probation violations
including cocaine use, court officials said Friday.

The rapper, whose real name is Earl Simmons, was taken into custody without
incident Thursday night in Phoenix by probation officers, authorities said. He
is being held in a county jail without bond.

Simmons, 39, was arrested on suspicion of seven probation violations, including
illegal possession of the drug OxyContin, failing to submit to drug testing and
counselling programs and driving with a suspended licence, say court documents.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Castroneves to tango with IRS over tax-evasion charge

BYLINE: News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. A44

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI -- Helio Castroneves -- winner of both the Indianapolis 500 and reality TV
show "Dancing with the Stars" -- will soon be doing the tango with the IRS over
multimillion-dollar tax-evasion charges in Miami federal court, U.S. authorities
said.

The famed Brazilian driver, who owns a Coral Gables mansion sporting his
auto-racing trophies and two checkered flags from his Indy 500 victories, was
indicted along with a relative and a Michigan attorney on Thursday, authorities
said.

The 33-year-old Team Penske star is charged with failing to pay taxes on more
than $5 million in income during a four-year period, authorities said. His
sister, Kati Castroneves, and his lawyer, Alan Miller, are accused of assisting
him.

CYCLING: RICCO GETS DOPE BAN

Tour de France stage winner Riccardo Ricco received a two-year ban from cycling
for doping. He must spend 18 months out of the sport for taking erythropoietin,
or EPO, and an extra six months for using a banned sports doctor.

TENNIS: SHARAPOVA WON'T PLAY

Former Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova won't play for the rest of this year's
tennis season because of a shoulder injury, the WTA Tour said.

"I've been progressing really well, but the recovery is taking a lot longer than
I had selfishly planned," Sharapova wrote on her website.

SAILING: YACHTING HIGH AND LOW

Simon Daubney, a member of the winning Alinghi crew in the America's Cup
yachting competition last year, has been banned for two years by the top sports
court after a positive test for cocaine.

SOCCER: UEFA CUP ROUNDUP

AC Milan, Spurs and Sevilla advanced to the group stage of the UEFA Cup
Thursday, while Everton was eliminated by Standard Liege.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Jeff Haynes, Getty Files; Brazil's Helio Castroneves is facing
multimillion-dollar tax evasion charges. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Apple settles Italy tax-evasion case for $350 million

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 314 words


Apple has agreed to pay about $350 million to settle a tax-evasion case in Italy
after a two-year investigation into whether the Silicon Valley company moved
more than $1 billion in revenue it made in Italy to its Irish subsidiary.

The deal, announced by Italian prosecutors Wednesday, comes not too longcafter
Apple CEO Tim Cook appeared on c60 Minutesc and defended his companycs tax and
offshoring practices   cwe pay every tax dollar we owe,c he saidc cand ahead of
an expected decision next year on a separate European investigation into the
legality of the companycs tax arrangements in Ireland.cEU regulators have
accused Ireland of giving special treatment to Apple, as wecve covered here .

The Italiancsettlement covers back taxes owed for the years 2008 to 2013, and
could have some effect on a criminal tax-evasion investigation involving three
Apple employeescin Italy, according to the Associated Press .

The deal comes amid a push by European countries to forcecmultinational
companies to pay taxes in the countries in which they make money. Many
companies, including Silicon Valley tech giants such as Google and Facebook,
have their European headquarters in Ireland. Irelandcs corporate tax rate is
12.5 percent, while Italycs is 27.5 percent, according to the BBC   which points
out that Apple has had its European headquarters in the Irish city of Cork since
1980.

Apple has also faced criticism from those who question why it doesnct bring back
its overseas profit to the United States. (Cook, on c60 Minutes,c blamed an
antiquated tax code.) Of all U.S. companies, Apple holds the most profit
offshore ($181 billion), according to a study released in October by Citizens
for Tax Justice and the U.S. Public Interest Research Group Education Fund.

c

Photo from Associated Press

The post Apple settles Italy tax-evasion case for $350 million appeared first on
SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Dec. 7, 2011 file photo, a person stands near the Apple
logo at the company's store in Grand Central Terminal, in New York. Apple will
refund up to $400 million to consumers ensnared in a plot to raise the prices of
digital books unless the company overturns a court decision affirming its
pivotal role in the collusion. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 19, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

150 targeted in Swiss bank case;
UBS set to identify more clients in tax-evasion probe

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 418 words


More than 150 wealthy American customers of Swiss banking giant UBS are under
investigation for suspected tax evasion, federal prosecutors disclosed Tuesday.

The glimpse at the breadth of the probe of Americans who may be hiding offshore
assets from the IRS came in a Florida federal court filing as UBS prepared to
give federal authorities the names of other U.S. clients expected to face
similar investigations.

Details of the handover, expected as soon as today, "will produce the identities
and account information of additional UBS customers who are believed to have
violated United States law," acting U.S. Attorney Jeffrey Sloman said in the
court filing.

Florida tax attorney Martin Press and other lawyers for UBS clients say they
expect the bank will provide data for thousands of U.S. account holders -- but
not for all of the estimated 52,000 customers the IRS demanded in a lawsuit. The
handover stems from a settlement in that case last week.

The 150 Americans targeted by prosecutors are among more than 250 U.S. clients
of UBS whose financial data the bank gave to U.S. investigators earlier this
year because their accounts bore signs of tax evasion. Besides providing the
data, UBS agreed to pay $780 million to defer prosecution of criminal charges
that it sent its bankers on secret trips to the U.S. to help customers hide
assets.

So far, three of the clients whose accounts were included in the first UBS
handover have pleaded guilty to filing tax returns that failed to report
millions of dollars in assets or income. A fourth is set to plead guilty in
September to charges of failing to report a UBS account allegedly used to evade
taxes on more than $1 million in business income.

In all four cases, the UBS clients disguised their ownership of the secret
accounts by controlling them through entities in Hong Kong, Panama or the
British Virgin Islands, court records show.

Tuesday's court filing came in the case of Bradley Birkenfeld, a former UBS
banker who pleaded guilty last year to charges he conspired to help some of the
bank's American clients evade taxes. Cooperating with prosecutors, he provided
secret details of UBS' strategies for its U.S. clientele.

Birkenfeld faces a maximum five-year federal prison term at a scheduled Friday
sentencing in Fort Lauderdale. But prosecutors, citing his "substantial
assistance," recommended a 2 1/2-year sentence.

Defense attorney Robert Stickney wrote separately that Birkenfeld's
"extraordinary" cooperation merited five years' probation.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 29, 2006 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Gouging continues despite crackdown on check-cashers

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein and Rod Watson - NEWS STAFF REPORTERS

SECTION: NEWS; Focus: Poverty; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1496 words


Six months after state and local officials vowed action against unlicensed
check-cashers charging excessive -- and illegal -- fees to people in some of
Buffalo's poorest neighborhoods, the practice continues, a Buffalo News
follow-up investigation has found.

While several corner markets stopped cashing checks after The News published the
series "The High Cost of Being Poor," some businesses continue charging fees
that would be illegal even if the stores had licenses -- which they don't.

The problems persist despite a new Buffalo Common Council law making
check-cashers reveal their fees, Assembly hearings and vows in Albany to enact
stronger state laws in the next session, and incoming State Attorney General
Andrew M. Cuomo's pledge to stop illegal check-cashers from gouging customers.

Some of the stores now overcharging for check-cashing were pinpointed by
residents responding to The News' series published in June. Others are stores
spotlighted in the series that are still charging illegal fees.

Now, all of the stores may be in the crosshairs of the Erie County District
Attorney's Office.

While no one has filed a complaint that could lead to prosecution, the district
attorney's Special Investigations Unit is looking at the stores for something
else: possible income tax evasion.

"Our primary concern is tax violations, right now," said John J. DeFranks, first
deputy district attorney. "We're looking at the stores in the series."

DeFranks said the district attorney's office is authorized to investigate state
tax evasion. If a formal probe is launched, any findings also would be turned
over to the Internal Revenue Service for federal action.

The unit has been gathering information, and the review was scheduled to
accelerate this week, DeFranks said. Store owners found guilty of felony tax
evasion could get up to four years in prison plus fines, he said.

The investigation is focusing on stores identified in The News' series six
months ago. If other stores come to the department's attention now, will they be
added to the probe?

"Absolutely," DeFranks said.

State law mandates that stores charge no more than 99 cents to cash a check,
unless they are licensed by the State Banking Department, in which case they can
charge 1.64 percent of the value of the check. There is only one licensed
check-casher -- Buffalo Check Cashing on Jefferson Avenue -- operating in
Western New York.

Last spring, News reporters going in as typical customers with payroll, bank and
federal tax-refund checks were quoted rates of up to 10 percent to cash the tax
check, and rates of between 1 and 5 percent to cash the others.

This time -- with tax-refund checks not yet available -- The News used payroll
and Social Security checks, which were treated virtually the same by the
merchants.

>Some stores make changes

Some of the eight stores visited last spring apparently have stopped cashing
checks in the wake of the series. Big Basha on South Park Avenue and Frontier
Liquor on Grant Street no longer cash checks, based on reports from residents
and the experiences of reporters.

At the Corner Store on Connecticut Street, an electronic sign still advertises
check-cashing, but clerks and patrons say the store is not accepting any new
check-cashing customers.

Elsewhere, stores continue to prove what residents often say: It depends on who
is behind the counter. For instance, at Golden Farm on Kensington Avenue --
which asked for up to 10 percent to cash a tax-refund check last spring --
timing seems to be everything. At various times, store clerks said they no
longer cash any checks, only cash "small checks," or only cash checks of less
than $200.

When a reporter visited Family Saver on Bailey Avenue and the IGA on William
Street with a $318.85 payroll check, IGA offered to cash it for $5, while Family
Saver quoted a $4.74 fee. Both fees were about the same as the stores charged
six months ago for payroll checks and amount to less than the state's 1.64
percent cap, though neither store has a license.

But it's worse elsewhere. The Food Shoppe & Deli on Elmwood Avenue and the Citgo
gas/minimart at 1624 William St. each quoted a fee of $10 to cash the paycheck,
or 3.1 percent. The Citgo also offered to cash a $466 Social Security check for
$20, or 4.3 percent.

At another Citgo minimart at William Street and Fillmore Avenue -- one of the
stores spotlighted in the June series -- reporters at different times were told
the store no longer cashes checks, or that it would cost $11 to cash the $318.85
payroll check -- nearly 3.5 percent.

The Sunoco minimart at Suffolk Street and East Delavan Avenue charges the same 3
percent it was charging six months ago.

When confronted later, some of the stores still offering to cash checks denied
doing so. When the clerk at Food Shoppe was asked whether the store cashes
checks, his first response was, "Let me see the check." When told that his
customers were from The News, he then said the store doesn't cash checks.

Later, owner Mark Rizek said that the store cashes checks only for customers who
are known "so they can spend money in our store" and that the charge is only 99
cents. He said a reporter might have misinterpreted the requirement to spend
money in the store, mistaking it for a check-cashing fee.

Other stores also insisted that they charge only 99 cents or do it free as a
service for customers who shop or pay utility bills.

"If we don't cash the customer's check when he comes, we lose the [utility
payment] business," said Mike Jabr at the Family Saver on Bailey Avenue, who
said he is looking into getting a check-cashing license.

The News' findings jibe with the experiences of residents, who report being
charged double or more the state limit for licensed check-cashers by some stores
that are not licensed to charge anything above 99 cents.

Yvonne Tinsley, a 54-year-old resident of the Commodore Perry Homes, said she
pays $25 to cash her $655 Social Security check at the William Street IGA.
That's 3.8 percent.

Residents say the size of the fee often depends on who is behind the counter.
Sometimes Tinsley complains, and the manager lowers it to $20. She said the fee
used to be $45 when her check was more than $800 -- or as much as 5.6 percent.

"I don't appreciate them taking money like that," she said.

But when asked whether any stores have been prosecuted for breaking the law,
authorities say no one has complained to them.

"We don't have a complainant. Nobody has come forward since your [series last
June] to say they've been gouged," DeFranks said. "And that's a little upsetting
to me."

Nor have state banking regulators referred cases to the district attorney. Last
summer, Banking Commissioner Diana L. Taylor promised to meet with local
authorities about illegal check-cashers. DeFranks said that to his knowledge, no
such meeting was held.

Taylor was reported out of the office and unavailable to comment, and a Banking
Department spokeswoman said she could not comment on current investigations.

Does that mean there is an investigation?

"I can't even confirm or deny that," she said.

>Common Council responds

The most vigorous action so far has come from the Common Council, which
unanimously passed a measure last month requiring food stores to tell the city
how much they charge if they cash checks. The requirement will be added to the
license applications that stores must file April 1, said Council Majority Leader
Dominic J. Bonifacio Jr., the bill's prime sponsor.

The requirement will give the city leverage to revoke the food license of a
store that violates the law, Bonifacio said. The goal is not to hurt stores
providing a service to customers without access to a bank, but to make sure that
stores are not gouging people, he said.

"We just hope people realize there's no sense in giving up more than [1.64
percent] of your check," Bonifacio said.

Advocates for the poor say cracking down on illegal check-cashers would not
necessarily help some consumers unless there is also an effort to make bank
services more accessible. Most banks will not cash checks for people who are not
customers, and it is very difficult for low-income people to afford the account
fees or even open a checking account if they have bounced checks in the past.

KeyBank is one of the few banks locally that will cash checks for noncustomers.
But it charges a flat $5 fee, even if the check is drawn on Key.

Of course, overpriced check-cashing is not just a problem here. A November study
by the Consumer Federation of America reported that consumers nationally paid an
average rate of 2.44 percent to cash Social Security checks and 4.11 percent to
cash a typical paycheck, up significantly from 10 years ago.

"Consumers who are shut out of mainstream banking essentially pay a penalty to
access their income, pay their bills, or borrow money," the report concluded.

News Staff Reporters John F. Bonfatti, Jay Rey and Deidre Williams contributed
to this report.

-mail:jepstein@buffnews.com and rwatson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: High cost of being poor

GRAPHIC: Harry Scull Jr./Buffalo NewsYvonne Tinsley of Commodore Perry Homes
says she pays $25 -- a fee of 3.8 percent -- to cash her $655 Social Security
check at a William Street market.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 14, 1994, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

New York Sees Tax Winfall In Indian Sales

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 967 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 13


The Supreme Court handed a major victory to New York today, validating the
state's effort to curb widespread tax evasion in the sale of cigarettes to
non-Indian customers at stores on Indian reservations.

The Justices unanimously overturned a decision by the New York Court of Appeals,
the state's highest court, which ruled a year ago that state regulations aimed
at restricting the number of untaxed cigarettes available for sale on the
reservations conflicted with Federal laws governing Indian commerce.

State Attorney General G. Oliver Koppell, who argued the appeal in March in his
first Supreme Court appearance, said today that the decision was "a home run for
New York" that would capture some $65 million in taxes that now go uncollected.
The decision will also have the effect of recovering about $35 million a year in
taxes that now go uncollected on reservation sales of motor fuel to non-Indians,
Mr. Koppell said.

Under Federal law, states may not tax products sold to tribal members on
reservations, and New York has not tried to do that. But the tribal tax immunity
has proved to be an irresistible lure to non-Indians, who flock to reservation
shops in upstate New York to buy millions of cartons of cigarettes every year,
and to the non-Indian wholesalers who supply the reservation stores. The state's
right to tax sales to non-Indians has long been recognized.

If the 12.8 million cartons of cigarettes that were sold on New York's Indian
reservations last year had actually been smoked by tribal residents, every
Indian man, woman and child living on the reservations would have smoked an
average of 35 packs a day, according to figures provided to the Court by the
state's Department of Taxation and Finance.

The New York regulations, adopted in 1988, use a coupon system to try to limit
the delivery of untaxed cigarettes to the number that each reservation's
residents actually use. Non-Indians can still patronize the reservation stores.
But the cigarettes they find for sale there now will presumably bear the stamps
that wholesalers put on a pack to show that they have paid the required 56 cents
in tax. That cost is passed on to the retailer and the customer.

The regulations were challenged by a Buffalo wholesaler, Milhelm Attea & Bros.
Inc., one of 64 wholesalers, all non-Indians, that are federally licensed as
"Indian traders" in New York. Sixty-one Indians hold similar licenses as
retailers on the reservations.

Milhelm Attea argued, and the state court agreed, that the New York regulations
conflicted with a set of Federal laws known as the Indian Trader Statutes, which
were enacted in the last century to protect Indians from fraudulent business
dealings.

One law, which dates from 1876, gives the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, a
Federal official, the "sole power and authority" to regulate the quantity and
prices of goods to be sold to Indians. Previous Supreme Court decisions had
interpreted this Federal authority broadly to pre-empt state intervention.

But today the Court backed away from its earlier view. "We now hold that Indian
traders are not wholly immune from state regulation that is reasonably necessary
to the assessment or collection of lawful state taxes," Justice John Paul
Stevens said in his opinion for the Court.

The case, New York v. Milhelm Attea, No. 93-377, attracted attention across the
country, and New York was supported by briefs from 15 other states. While the
accessibility of New York Indian reservations from major population centers has
made New York's tax problem particularly acute, the other states told the Court
that the growth of Indian casinos has brought a growing number of non-Indians
onto reservations, where the chance to buy untaxed cigarettes and gasoline is a
growing temptation.

But in Connecticut, state tax officials said the ruling would have little
immediate impact. The Mashantucket Pequot Tribe, owner of the huge Foxwoods
Casino in Ledyard, voluntarily collects taxes for tobacco sold at the casino to
outsiders.

Under the regulations, New York will determine the "probable demand" for untaxed
cigarettes on each reservation, based on information supplied by the tribes or
by a formula based on the average per capita cigarette consumption in the state.
Indian retailers will then receive coupons to give to the wholesalers when they
take delivery of cigarettes without tax stamps. The retailers may sell the
tax-exempt products only to Indian customers who provide written evidence of
their identity.

The wholesalers must forward copies of the coupons to the state tax department
and must keep records and make monthly reports of their tax-exempt sales. If the
system works as planned, the supply of untaxed cigarettes available for purchase
by non-Indians will dry up.

On another issue today, the Court refused, without comment, to hear a challenge
by New York City landlords to new regulations that expand the right of tenants
in rent-regulated apartments to pass their apartments on to non-relatives.

After a 1989 ruling by the New York Court of Appeals that permitted a gay man to
continue to live in a rent-controlled apartment that his late lover had rented,
the state Division of Housing and Community Renewal issued regulations defining
the terms under which people could qualify for what are known as "succession
rights" to rent-controlled and rent-stabilized apartments.

The landlords' association, the Rent Stabilization Association of New York City,
brought a constitutional challenge to the regulations, arguing that they
amounted to a "taking" of the landlords' property without compensation.

The regulations were upheld by the New York Court of Appeals last December. The
landlords' appeal was Rent Stabilization Association v. Higgins, No. 93-1490.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Supreme Court has validated New York's effort to curb tax
evasion in cigarette sales to non-Indians on reservations. Julie Bucktooth
restocked supplies at a store on the Onondaga reservation south of Syracuse.
(Mike Okoniewski for The New York Times) (pg. B2)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 2, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor of Passaic Quits After Conviction

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: PASSAIC, N.J., Dec. 1


Mayor Joseph Lipari tearfully resigned today, three days after a Federal jury
convicted him of tax evasion and conspiracy.

Before a crowd of friends and family in the City Council chambers, the
56-year-old Mayor said that he was confident of reversing his conviction and
that he had decided to resign so he could concentrate on that goal.

"I am not looking for any pity," Mr. Lipari said, frequently pausing to regain
his composure. "I must in the best interest of the citizens step aside as I
devote my personal energy to clear my name and to overturn the remaining untrue
charges."

A Federal jury in Newark on Saturday found Mr. Lipari guilty of conspiring to
extort $100,000 from a city towing contractor, John Raineri, and of evading
taxes from 1985 to 1989. Mr. Lipari was found not guilty of seven other charges
of extortion, corruption and conspiracy.

City Council President Paul DiGaetano said the seven-member council would meet
on Thursday to select a new mayor. Mr. DiGaetano, who will seek the mayor's
post, said he was relieved that Mr. Lipari had stepped down.

"I don't think it would have been wise for him to fight it out," DiGaetano said.
"I think he knew that, and I'm sure his attorney advised him he would not
succeed in retaining his office. All he would be doing is wasting time to buy
himself a short period of time."

Mr. Lipari's lawyer, Justin Walder, read a statement focusing on the seven
counts on which Mr. Lipari was acquitted and emphasizing that the jury foreman
had requested that the court grant leniency when Mr. Lipari is sentenced Feb.
15. He faces up to 50 years in prison but is likely to receive much less under
Federal sentencing guidelines.

Before Mr. Lipari made his statement, his 25-year-old daughter, Marilynn, read a
poem that began:

"My father is a tender special loving gift," the poem began. "When I'm feeling
down, his smile gives me a lift."

Under state law, an official convicted of a crime of dishonesty, a crime that
besmirches the office or a crime in the third degree or higher must step down.

Prosecutor Ronald S. Fava of Passaic County said on Monday that if Mr. Lipari
did not leave office, the State Attorney General's office would act to remove
him. Earlier this year the state obtained a court order ousting Gerald McCann as
mayor of Jersey City after he was found guilty last December of misusing a
$267,000 bank loan.

Mr. Lipari, who is free on $100,000 bond, is among 15 people who have been
charged or implicated in Passaic city government scandals since Federal
investigators began investigating the Passaic Housing Authority in 1989.

Mr. Lipari, a Passaic native who started out as a butcher, first won a seat on
the City Council in 1977. His current term expires on June 30.

NAME: Joseph Lipari

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Joseph Lipari resigning yesterday as Mayor of Passaic, N.J.,
three days after he was convicted of tax evasion and conspiracy. (Keith
Meyers/The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Naperville Sun, Ill.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 8, 2016 Friday

Ex-Hollywood Palms owner owes $6M back taxes: Madigan

BYLINE: Bill Bird, Naperville Sun, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 567 words


July 08--The former owner of specialty movie theaters in Naperville and
Woodridge has been convicted in a $6 million tax evasion and bank fraud scheme,
according to the Illinois Attorney General's Office.

Ted E.C. Bulthaup III, onetime owner of the Hollywood Palms theater in
Naperville and the Hollywood Boulevard theater in Woodridge, pleaded guilty
Wednesday to DuPage County charges of sales tax evasion and financial
institution fraud, said Eileen Boyce, spokeswoman for Attorney General Lisa
Madigan.

Bulthaup's plea agreement included the dismissal of the more than 100 charges
that had been filed against him, including counts of forgery, mail fraud, wire
fraud and dozens of violations of the Retail Tax Act.

He is to be sentenced Aug. 24. He could receive a prison term of four to 15
years for sales tax evasion and three to seven years for financial institution
fraud, Boyce said.

He also must make restitution of up to about $4.7 million on the bank fraud
charge and as much as $1.3 million for tax evasion, she said.

Boyce said prosecutors would not comment further on the matter. "We'll have more
to say at sentencing," she said.

Bulthaup, 59, who is free on bond, lives in the 6700 block of Patton Drive in
Woodridge. He declined to comment when reached by phone Thursday "because of the
nature of the way that plea was made" and because resolution of the case is
"still up in the air."

His attorney, Michael J. Young, did not return phone calls.

A two-page grand jury indictment made part of Bulthaup's court file Wednesday
said Bulthaup committed financial institution fraud between Aug. 1, 2011, and
June 28, 2013.

During 2010, 2011 and 2012, Bulthaup "caused partnership income tax returns for
Naperville Theater LLC, doing business as Hollywood Palms, to be created," the
indictment said. His conduct was "fraudulent because it overstated the amount of
gross receipts or sales ... and the ordinary business income" on his tax returns
during those years, it said.

Bulthaup also obtained business loans in 2012 and 2013 using the fraudulent tax
returns, the indictment said.

An assistant attorney general in December 2014 told a judge Bulthaup also
systemically failed to report taxes on more than $18 million in sales and
merchandise generated at Hollywood Palms and Hollywood Boulevard between 2009
and 2013.

"I never committed fraud," Bulthaup protested during that hearing.

A spokeswoman for the Illinois Department of Revenue in 2014 said Bulthaup was
accused of failing to pay state sales taxes, including those in the price of
each movie ticket sold.

Hollywood Boulevard was purchased during a February 2014 bankruptcy auction by
Hobson Financial Group. Texas-based Star Cinema Grill now owns Hollywood Palms.

The theaters under Bulthaup sold food and alcoholic beverages during movie
screenings. Film and television stars often made personal appearances at the
theaters.

Perhaps the most notorious of those events involved adult film actress Jenna
Jameson.

Bulthaup in 2011 filed a civil lawsuit against Jameson, claiming she reneged on
a contract to appear at Hollywood Palms to promote a screening of her 2008 movie
"Zombie Strippers!" Bulthaup eventually won a $92,000 judgment against her.

wbird@tribpub.com

___ (c)2016 the Naperville Sun (Naperville, Ill.) Visit the Naperville Sun
(Naperville, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/naperville-sun Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160708-NAP-Ex-Hollywood-Palms-owner-owes-6M-back-taxes-Madigan-0708-20160708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NAP


                                 Copyright 2016


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Owners of Worcester Payroll Company Plead Guilty to Tax Evasion and Fraud

LENGTH: 808 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Massachusetts has issued
the following news release:







    BOSTON - The co-owners and former owner of a payroll company in Worcester
pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Worcester to defrauding the Internal
Revenue Service (IRS) and tax evasion.  One of the co-owners also pleaded guilty
to embezzling client and employee funds.



    William McCullough, 72, of Westborough, Mass., pleaded guilty to two counts
of conspiracy to defraud the IRS, four counts of false statements, four counts
of tax evasion, and one count of wire fraud.  Robert McCullough, 43, also of
Westborough, the son of William McCullough, pleaded guilty to two counts of
conspiracy to defraud the IRS and four counts of tax evasion.  Gary Davis, 74,
of Jupiter, Fla., pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to defraud the IRS,
and three counts of tax evasion.  On Aug. 31, 2015, William McCullough was
charged in two Informations, and today, Robert McCullough and Davis were charged
in one Information.  U.S. District Court Judge Timothy S. Hillman scheduled
sentencing for William McCullough on Dec. 1, 2015, for Gary Davis on Dec. 8,
2015, and for Robert McCullough on Jan. 14, 2016.

    The McCulloughs are co-owners of Harpers Data Services, a payroll company in
Worcester.  William McCullough is also the treasurer and his son, Robert, is the
president.  Gary Davis was a former owner and president of Harpers until his
retirement in 2010.

    Beginning around 2006, William and Robert McCullough opened and operated two
corporate bank accounts at Webster Five Cents Savings Bank.  From 2007 to 2012,
they funneled approximately $11 million of taxable income into these accounts.
The McCulloughs kept these accounts off of the corporation's books and concealed
their existence from the corporate accountant.  Thus, the income deposited into
these accounts was not reported to the IRS on the corporation's annual tax
returns.  As a result, the corporation failed to pay approximately $3.78 million
in taxes.

    Also during that time, William McCullough wrote checks totaling
approximately $4.7 million from one of the Webster Five corporate accounts to
himself, Robert McCullough, and Gary Davis.  In addition, from 2007 to 2011,
William McCullough wrote bonus and dividend checks from Harpers totaling
approximately $2.7 million to himself, Robert McCullough, and Gary Davis.
William McCullough ensured that none of this income appeared on the appropriate
tax reporting forms, and as a result, the defendants failed to pay approximately
$1.7 million in taxes from 2007 through 2011.

    In a separate Information, William McCullough pleaded guilty to one count of
wire fraud.  From 2009 through 2011, Harpers maintained client trust accounts
and a client tax account.  These accounts contained client funds, which were to
be used to pay employees' paychecks and employees' federal and state taxes.
From 2009 through 2011, William McCullough took approximately $1 million from
the client trust accounts and deposited it into a Harpers account.  In 2010, he
took $750,000 from the client tax account and deposited it into a Harpers
account.  At the time William McCullough took this money, the funds belonged
solely to the clients of Harpers Data Services.  McCullough's fraud resulted in
a theft of approximately $1.8 million dollars.

    The charge of conspiracy to defraud provides a sentence of no greater than
five years in prison, three years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000
or twice the gross gain or loss, whichever is greater.  The charge of false
statements in a tax return provides a sentence of no greater than three years in
prison, one year of supervised release, and a fine of $100,000.  The charge of
tax evasion provides a sentence of no greater than five years in prison, three
years of supervised release, and a fine of $100,000.  The charge of wire fraud
provides a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison, three years of
supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss,
whichever is greater.  Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically less
than the maximum penalties.  Sentences are imposed by a federal district court
judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.

    United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston; and
Joseph R. Bonavolonta, Acting Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Boston Field Division, made the announcement today.  The case is
being prosecuted by Karin M. Bell, Chief of Ortiz's Worcester Branch Office.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Rindge man pleads guilty to federal tax evasion charges, again

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 321 words


March 09--CONCORD -- A Rindge man accused of swindling investors out of millions
appeared in federal court Monday morning to reenter his guilty pleas to four
charges of tax evasion.

Aaron E. Olson, 40, had pleaded guilty to the same four charges in May 2014, but
withdrew his pleas late last month after saying he misunderstood the maximum
prison term he could face.

Attorneys in the case filed a new plea deal Monday in U.S. District Court in
Concord in which they agreed to a maximum sentence of five years. The previous
agreement did not include a sentencing cap, according to Assistant U.S. Attorney
Mark Zuckerman, who is prosecuting Olson.

Olson faces a minimum of 42 months in federal prison for understating the
federal income taxes he owned from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000,
according to the plea agreement.

But U.S. District Court Judge Landya B. McCafferty told Olson Monday she is not
obligated to accept the deal reached between the defense and prosecution. If she
rejects it, Olson has the right to withdraw his guilty pleas again, she said.

The maximum prison sentence Olson could receive on the four tax evasion charges
is 20 years.

At Monday's plea hearing, Zuckerman restated the facts of the government's case
against Olson. Zuckerman accused Olson of swindling investors of Olson's two
firms -- AEO Associates and KMO Associates -- out of $27.8 million, and of
diverting $2.6 million of that money for his personal use.

The terms of Olson's sentencing include that he pay restitution to his victims.
That restitution order -- which Zuckerman said is near complete -- will be made
public at Olson's sentencing June 26 in Concord.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2015 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150309-KN-Rindge-man-pleads-guilty-to-federal-tax-evasion
-charges-again-0309-20150309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2015 The Keene Sentinel


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

Westminster man pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Heather Cobun, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Aug. 07--A Westminster man pleaded guilty to tax evasion in federal court for
embezzling funds from his family-owned business in Reisterstown, which he then
used for online stock trading, purchasing vehicles and home renovations.

Ramon Anthony Jadra, 47, entered a plea Tuesday in the U.S. District Court in
Baltimore, according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Jadra was the president and majority shareholder of Raloid Corporation, based in
Reisterstown, which manufactured parts for the defense and aerospace industries,
according to the release. He fraudulently converted $900,418 from Raloid and
failed to pay $283,481 in taxes on the money, according to the release.

He faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison at his sentencing Dec. 5.

Beginning in 2008, Jadra had checks from Raloid's bank account made out to
companies Raloid had business with for amounts not owed, according to the
release.

He then established a check cashing account at a liquor store in Reisterstown
where he cashed the fraudulent checks, totalling $368,350 between 2008 and 2011,
according to the release.

More than $300,000 of the funds were then deposited into a shell company named
DIA Solutions which Jadra created, according to the release.

Jadra's transactions were less than $10,000 to avoid triggering a currency
transaction report from the bank, according to the release.

In the spring of 2010, Jadra hired an attorney to incorporate DIA Solutions in
Georgia. He then informed Raloid's controller that DIA Solutions was an
independent consulting firm entitled to receive 5 percent of the payments Raloid
received on a contract worth $6 million which DIA Solutions helped it obtain.

DIA Solutions had not provided any goods or services to Raloid, according to the
release.

Jadra also intercepted payments from two companies which paid for scrap
materials from Raloid's manufacturing process because the controller of Raloid
was not aware that companies paid for the scraps, according to the release.

The majority of the misappropriated funds were used for unsuccessfil online
stock trading but Jadra also purchased a new BMW, home renovations, a boat
trailer and a watercraft, and a motorcycle, according to the documents.

Reach staff writer Heather Cobun at 410-857-7898 or email
heather.cobun@carrollcountytimes.com

___ (c)2014 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140807-WX-Westminster-man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-0807-20140807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2014 Carroll County Times


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday
                            WESTERN NEW YORK EDITION

POLICE & COURTS

SECTION: LOCAL; Police/Courts; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 782 words


Buffalo man, 32, indicted in pair of bank robberies

A 32-year-old Buffalo man is charged with bank robberies in Jamestown and North
Carolina and is a fugitive, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Friday.

Philip A. Purdue is accused of robbing the Jamestown Savings Bank last Nov. 5,
and a bank in Kings Mountain, N.C., on Nov. 22. His indictment Friday followed
an investigation by the FBI and Jamestown police.

Anyone with information about his whereabouts is asked to contact the Buffalo
FBI office at 856-7800.

***

Restaurant owner pleads guilty to tax evasion

A Jamestown restaurant owner pleaded guilty to tax evasion and mortgage fraud
charges on Friday before U.S. District Judge Richard J. Arcara.

Steven Carlson, 52, of Jamestown, evaded the payment of his federal taxes from
2001 until 2008 by illegally putting businesses and properties in names of other
people, Assistant U.S. Attorney Gretchen L. Wylegala said.

She added that Carlson gave false financial information -- including falsified
tax returns -- to a bank in Florida to get a loan of more than $2 million, and
then defaulted on the loan.

Agents from the Internal Revenue Service criminal division and the Buffalo FBI
office investigated Carlson's business dealings before charging him criminally
last year. Arcara scheduled sentencing for May 5.

***

Lacrosse player given probation in pot deal

LOCKPORT -- A Genesee Community College lacrosse player was sentenced Friday to
three years' probation for his role in a marijuana deal.

Gaehnewrawe Printup, 20, of Walmore Road on the Tuscarora Indian Reservation,
had admitted to a misdemeanor charge of fourth-degree marijuana possession.
Niagara County Judge Sara Sheldon Sperrazza imposed sentence.

Printup was a passenger in a car that was stopped Jan. 29 by Town of Niagara
police, who were tipped off to an effort to haul a supply of marijuana from
Syracuse to the Tuscarora Reservation. A bag containing 11.86 pounds of
marijuana was found on the back seat.

Assistant District Attorney Susan B. Bjornholm didn't object to the sentence.
"This may well have been a single moment in time, a bad decision that I hope he
learns from," she said.

The driver, Harley Chubb, 20, of Hogansburg, admitted to second-degree marijuana
possession, and passenger Regis Cook, 18, of Nedrow, pleaded guilty to
third-degree possession. Both are awaiting sentencing.

Bjornholm said the three had to forfeit a total of $7,692 in cash they had on
them when arrested.

Inspector hurt in fall

settles for $700,000

A construction site inspector seriously injured on a bridge reconstruction job
in Depew about seven years ago has accepted a $700,000 insurance settlement, his
attorney said Friday.

Paul Wzontek, 57, of the Town of Tonawanda, who had been hired by the state
Department of Transportation, suffered severe lower back injuries when he fell
off an unsecured 12-foot ladder on Dec. 9, 2003, while inspecting A&L work on a
bridge on Broadway between Dick and Bordon roads.

Anne Beltz Rimmler said carriers for A&L Inc., a general contractor based in
Belle Vernon, Pa., made the offer after two weeks of testimony during an unsafe
workplace jury trial before State Supreme Court Justice Timothy J. Walker.

***

Buffalo woman charged under Leandra's Law

A Buffalo woman was charged Thursday night with felony driving while intoxicated
under Leandra's Law after state troopers stopped her for driving with inadequate
headlights on Bailey Avenue, officials said.

The troopers who stopped Elestra Lane, 52, said she appeared to be intoxicated
when they pulled her over. A test later showed her blood-alcohol level was .16
percent, twice the legal limit.

There were two children under 16 in the vehicle. In addition, troopers found
cocaine in her possession.

Lane was charged with additional counts of fifth-degree criminal possession of a
controlled substance, false personation, second-degree impersonation,
endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful possession of marijuana.

An adult passenger in the car, Sandra McGee, 41, was charged with fifth-degree
criminal possession of a controlled substance.

Both women were taken to the Erie County Holding Center.

***

Condition of driver in SUV crash improves

SHELBY -- A Middleport man whose sport utility vehicle collided with a
tractor-trailer Wednesday morning was upgraded from critical to serious
condition Friday, officials said.

Lynn Brady, 50, of Telegraph Road, was traveling east on an icy Route 31 near
Hoffman Road and lost control, with his SUV sliding into the westbound lane,
catching the rear tire of the truck.

The driver of the rig, Charles Ellington, 42, of Rochester, was not injured.
Emergency crews worked for about 40 minutes to free Brady after the crash.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 6, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Chung hit with charges of fraud, tax evasion

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles


Democratic fund-raiser Johnny Chung was charged Thursday with funneling money to
the Clinton-Gore re-election campaign and reportedly will plead guilty to tax
evasion, bank fraud and election law violations and cooperate with federal
prosecutors.

Chung was charged with tax evasion, bank fraud and conspiracy to violate federal
election campaign laws by asking others to make contributions and reimbursing
them.

Court papers also allege that Chung, a California businessman, plotted to
launder money to the re-election campaign of Sen. John Kerry (D-Mass.).

Before the charges were announced, Chung and his attorney had been engaged in
plea bargaining with prosecutors amid indications of an agreement.

Several news services reported that Chung had agreed to plead guilty to the
charges on Monday and that the plea agreement had been filed under seal.

The charges against Chung were contained in a type of document that is used to
file charges when a defendant has waived the right to have a grand jury evaluate
the evidence and vote on an indictment.

That often means the defendant has reached an agreement with the government.
Earlier Thursday, Yogesh Gandhi, suspected of illegally funneling $ 325,000 in
foreign contributions to the Democratic Party, appeared in federal court on
unrelated fraud charges after being arrested as he prepared to fly home to
India.

Gandhi was taken into custody without incident Wednesday evening at his home in
Walnut Creek, Calif.

Gandhi appeared before a U.S. magistrate on a mail fraud charge. Bail was set at
$ 100,000 and he was ordered to stay in northern California. Gandhi's attorney,
Peter Coleridge, said his client wasn't fleeing the country and had a round-trip
ticket for what was supposed to be a vacation.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Johnny Chung, who allegedly funneled money to Clinton's campaign,
 reportedly will plead guilty.

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

LENGTH: 883 words


Senate OKs measure to reinstate casino tax

HARRISBURG "" The Pennsylvania Senate has passed legislation to temporarily
reinstate a mandate that casinos pay millions of dollars to host communities,
after it was struck down by the state's highest court.

The Senate overwhelmingly approved the bill Wednesday night, 46-1. It goes to
the House, where its prospects were uncertain.

The bill would mandate a different formula to create the same payments that
yielded some $140 million in the last fiscal year, but only until May 1.

Senate officials say the next seven months will give lawmakers time to work on a
permanent solution. The money has gone to local government budgets, institutions
and projects in Philadelphia and 11 counties.

A lawyer who represents Mount Airy Casino says the bill is unconstitutional for
the same reasons the state Supreme Court struck down the local tax provisions
last month.

Ex-Sandusky lawyer gets 20 months for tax evasion

CARLISLE "" An attorney who helped represent former Penn State assistant
football coach Jerry Sandusky at his child sex abuse trial has been sentenced to
20 months in prison on federal tax evasion charges.

Karl Rominger was sentenced Tuesday after pleading guilty in July to tax evasion
and failure to file tax returns. He was ordered to pay $318,000 in restitution.

Rominger was part of Sandusky's legal team. He'll serve the time after finishing
a 51â[#x201e]2- to 18-year term imposed after he pleaded guilty in May in
Cumberland County in the theft of $767,000 from clients.

The 43-year-old Carlisle man apologized to the court, the United States and all
his other victims. He says he has "a lot of money to pay back."

Student secretly filmed in campus bathrooms, DA says

MEDIA "" A Villanova University student used a cellphone camera to secretly
video in public restrooms and a classroom on the school's Main Line Philadelphia
campus, authorities said.

The Delaware County district attorney said police arrested 19-year-old Vincent
Kane on child pornography-related charges. Kane, a part-time student,
surrendered to police and was released after posting a percentage of his bail.

Police found a hidden cellphone recording in a university bathroom Sept. 26.

Authorities said they then found a hard drive in Kane's off-campus bedroom with
more than 51,000 similar images and videos. Some were taken at an area high
school and a CVS Pharmacy where the teenager worked, police said. Others
depicted pornographic images of children.

Man ordered to stand trial in assault with brick

LANCASTER "" A man has been ordered to stand trial on charges that he handcuffed
himself to a woman and then struck her several times in the head with a brick
last summer.

James Dale Foster, 35, of Lancaster waived his right to a preliminary hearing
Tuesday on Lancaster County charges of aggravated assault, unlawful restraint,
simple assault and reckless endangerment, LNP newspapers reported.

Foster's attorney said his client is remorseful.

Trial ordered in shooting death of older brother

HONESDALE "" A man has been ordered to stand trial in the shooting death of his
older brother.

Thirty-year-old Antonio Cilino of Hawley is charged in Wayne County in the Sept.
2 death of 40-year-old Joseph Cilino of Honesdale.

The defendant saw the victim in a car with his ex-girlfriend and the defendant's
1-year-old child, state police said. Police allege that he followed the vehicle
and a confrontation ensued at a driveway in Damascus Township during which the
victim was shot in the chest. Police said the woman, who had a
protection-from-abuse order against the defendant, drove away with the child.

A district judge found sufficient evidence during a hearing Tuesday to send the
case to county court, the (Scranton) Times-Tribune reported.

At least 11 identified in damage after PSU win

STATE COLLEGE "" Police say they have identified at least 11 people who may face
charges in widespread damage following Penn State's upset victory over No. 2
Ohio State on Saturday night.

Ten are current or former Penn State students. State College Police Chief John
Gardner says he expects more people will be identified.

Fans pulled down five streetlights, damaged streetlight globes and took about 20
streets signs and stop signs. Several small fires were set, and at least one
vehicle was damaged.

Police say 5,000 to 10,000 mostly college-aged fans gathered in downtown State
College after the 24-21 victory.

Gardner says the damage estimate increased from $18,000 to about $30,000.

Headmaster who fought over pot is returning to job

HAVERFORD "" The headmaster of a suburban Philadelphia prep school who fought
with his son over marijuana will return to his job after an assault charge was
dismissed.

The Haverford School said Wednesday that the board of trustees' decision on the
status of John Nagl followed an assessment of what was called "a deeply
personal" family matter.

Nagl was placed on administrative leave after he was accused of assaulting his
teenage son Oct. 10 in a dispute over a cellphone and marijuana.

Delaware County prosecutors filed but later dismissed a simple assault count,
saying they had probable cause to arrest Nagl but "insufficient evidence" to
pursue prosecution.

The school said Nagl had expressed "sincere regret."

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

HK and HSBC under scrutiny as US widens net

BYLINE: Toh Han Shih hanshih.toh@scmp.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business; Pg.3

LENGTH: 459 words


US authorities are stepping up their investigation of tax evasion across Asia,
with one recent case involving HSBC Holdings and Hong Kong providing an example
of how wide the net is being cast to catch American tax cheats, lawyers say.

Officials with the US Internal Revenue Service were now stationed in overseas
jurisdictions, including the American consulate in Hong Kong, gathering
information, said Travis Benjamin, the head of  tax practice at law firm
Deacons.

"We're seeing greater activity of foreign tax authorities, not only those of the
US, in investigations and information gathering in jurisdictions across Asia,
including Hong Kong and Singapore," Benjamin said.

With the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (Fatca) taking effect since July
last year, US authorities would increase their investigations of international
tax evasion by US taxpayers in Hong Kong,  said Peter Chen, a partner at Zhong
Lun, a Chinese law firm.

Under Fatca,  financial firms around the world are required to report to the IRS
information on clients who are US taxpayers.

HSBC and Hong Kong were part of an international web of suspected tax evasion
announced on the website of the US Department of Justice last month.

The IRS had been authorised to issue summonses requiring HSBC Bank USA National
Association (HSBC USA) to supply information on alleged  US tax evaders who were
suspected of using  international offshore services provider Sovereign
Management & Legal to hide overseas assets,  the  department said.

Unnamed banks in Hong Kong and Panama were suspected to have worked with
Sovereign Management, and HSBC USA held US correspondent bank accounts for these
banks, the  department disclosed.

These accounts  were likely to have records of financial transactions between
Sovereign Management and its US-based clients, it  said.

The IRS would also issue summonses to US logistics giants FedEx, DHL and UPS, as
well as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, Western Union Financial Services
and Clearing House Payments  to provide information on suspected  tax evaders,
the department said.

The IRS investigation has determined that Sovereign Management used FedEx, UPS
and DHL to correspond with US clients, and Western Union to transmit funds to
and from clients in the US.  None of the  companies have been charged with
wrongdoing.

"We may require clients to provide information relating to their status and
provide their consent to the provision of information, in accordance with Fatca
regulations," said an HSBC spokesman.

The IRS learned that Sovereign Management helped US clients evade taxes as a
result of leads obtained from a US Drug Enforcement Agency investigation of
online narcotics trafficking, the justice department said.

Toh Han Shih

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:                  Under Fatca, financial firms around the world are
required to report to the IRS information on clients who are US taxpayers.
Photo: AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: New Mexico Farmer Sentenced to Prison for Tax Fraud, Fraudulently
Collecting Farm Subsidies

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Bill Melot, a farmer from Hobbs, N.M., was sentenced to serve 14 years in prison
today to be followed by three years of supervised release for tax evasion,
program fraud and other crimes, the Justice Department, Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) and U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Office of Inspector General
announced today. Melot was also ordered to pay $18,469,998 in restitution to the
IRS and $226,526 to the USDA.

Melot was previously convicted of tax evasion, failure to file tax returns,
making false state ments to the USDA and i mpeding the IRS following a four-day
jury trial in Albuquerque, N.M. According to court documents and evidence
presented at trial and at sentencing, Melot has not filed a personal inco me tax
return since 1986, and owes the IRS more than $25 million in federal taxes and
more than $7 million in taxes to the state of Texas. In addition, Melot has i
mproperly collected more than $225,000 in federal farm subsidies from the USDA
by furnishing false infor mation to the agency. Specifically, Melot provided the
USDA with a false Social Security nu mber (SSN) and a fictitious e mployer
identi fication nu mber (EIN) to collect federal farm aid.

According to court documents and evidence presented at trial, Melot took nu
merous steps to conceal his ownership of 250 acres in Lea County, N.M.,
including notarizing forged deeds and titling the property in the na me of no
minees. The evidence also showed that Melot used false SSNs and fictitious EINs
to hide his assets from the IRS. Additionally, Melot maintained a bank account
with Nordfinanz Zurich, a Swiss financial institution, which he set up in
Nassau, Baha mas, in 1992, and failed to report the account to the U.S. Treasury
Depart ment as required by law.

Assistant Attorney General Kathryn Keneally for the Justice Department's Tax
Division and Acting U.S. Attorney Steven C. Yarbrough for the District of New
Mexico co mmended the investigative efforts of IRS - Cri minal Investigation and
the USDA's Office of Inspector General, as well as Tax Division Trial Attorney
Jed Silvers mith and Assistant U.S. Attorney George Kraehe, who prosecuted the
case. Assistant Attorney General Keneally and Acting U.S. Attorney Yarbrough
also thanked the Cri minal Investigation Division of the Texas Co mptroller of
Public Accounts for assistance in prosecuting this matter.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 6, 2006 Wednesday

Tax evasion charges added in ex-CEO's case

BYLINE: Josh Richman, MEDIANEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 317 words


An Orinda man has been indicted on mail fraud and tax evasion charges, with
federal prosecutors claiming he snookered people into investing in his Livermore
startup company as he embezzled and lived high on the hog.

John Frances Griffin, 43, was arrested in May after a former Contra Costa County
prosecutor who had gone to work for VaporTech Inc. ferreted out the CEO's
suspected misdeeds.

VaporTech develops steam, vapor and high-pressure technology for uses such as
cleaning toxic soil or forcing oil from wells.

An indictment handed up last week by a federal grand jury in Oakland claims
Griffin from 2004 to 2006 falsely told investors he had loaned $275,000 to his
own company in order to entice them to invest as well. He also is suspected of
telling VaporTech employees he had put about $1 million into the company, when
in fact he was saying so to cover his own embezzlement.

Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of items Griffin bought with the
company's cash, including a $30,359 diamond ring; a $3,425 gold tennis bracelet;
two televisions worth more than $3,700 each; and more than $17,000 worth of
clothing from Neiman Marcus.

Charged in May with three counts of mail fraud, the indictment filed Thursday
adds two counts of tax evasion. Griffin is suspected of dodging his federal
income taxes in 2004 and 2005 by failing to give VaporTech's chief financial
officer his Social Security number, cashing his salary checks instead of
depositing them and using cash and cashier's checks to prevent his income from
being detected.

Griffin is in the custody of a halfway house and is scheduled to be arraigned on
the new indictment Friday. Each mail fraud count is punishable by up to 20 years
in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000 plus restitution; each tax
evasion count is punishable by up to five years and $250,000.

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or 510-208-6428.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           December 6, 2006 Wednesday

Tax evasion charges added in ex-CEO's case

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 316 words


An Orinda man has been indicted on mail fraud and tax evasion charges, with
federal prosecutors claiming he snookered people into investing in his Livermore
startup company as he embezzled and lived high on the hog.

John Frances Griffin, 43, was arrested in May after a former Contra Costa County
prosecutor who had gone to work for VaporTech Inc. ferreted out the CEO's
suspected misdeeds.

VaporTech develops steam, vapor and high-pressure technology for uses such as
cleaning toxic soil or forcing oil from wells.

An indictment handed up last week by a federal grand jury in Oakland claims
Griffin from 2004 to 2006 falsely told investors he had loaned $275,000 to his
own company in order to entice them to invest as well. He also is suspected of
telling VaporTech employees he had put about $1 million into the company, when
in fact he was saying so to cover his own embezzlement.

Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of items Griffin bought with the
company's cash, including a $30,359 diamond ring; a $3,425 gold tennis bracelet;
two televisions worth more than $3,700 each; and more than $17,000 worth of
clothing from Nieman Marcus.

Charged in May with three counts of mail fraud, the indictment filed Thursday
adds two counts of tax evasion. Griffin is suspected of dodging his federal
income taxes in 2004 and 2005 by failing to give VaporTech's chief financial
officer his Social Security number, cashing his salary checks instead of
depositing them and using cash and cashier's checks to prevent his income from
being detected.

Griffin is in the custody of a halfway house and is scheduled to be arraigned on
the new indictment Friday. Each mail fraud count is punishable by up to 20 years
in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000 plus restitution; each tax
evasion count is punishable by up to five years and $250,000.

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or 208-6428.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                             July 20, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Facing 3 years; Star could do time for tax evasion

BYLINE: Kat Angus, Postmedia News

SECTION: E-TODAY; The Dish; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 150  words


Wesley Snipes may have been cleared of fraud and conspiracy charges, but an
Atlanta court of appeals has ruled that he should still serve up to three years
in jail for tax evasion, reports the BBC.

The Blade star was found guilty in 2008 of failing to file tax returns for 1999,
2000 and 2001.

According to authorities, Snipes didn't file a return for the $37 million US he
earned between 1999 and 2004.

The actor has been out on bail ever since his lawyers appealed the three-year
prison sentence, calling the punishment "unreasonable."

They had also argued that he should have been tried in New York and not Florida;
the attorneys claimed Ocala County, Fla. was chosen for "racially discriminatory
reasons."

However, the BBC reports that last Friday, the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals in
Atlanta, Ga., upheld the original sentence, meaning that Snipes, could land
behind bars for the next several years.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Getty Images; Actor Wesley Snipes has lost his appeal against his
three-year sentence for tax evasion.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

BRIEF: Ex-psychiatrist in tax evasion case sentenced

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 141 words


Nov. 22--A former Oregon psychiatrist who failed to pay income taxes for seven
years was sentenced Monday to 18 months in prison and ordered to pay $565,128 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service.

Sandra Vonderembse, 66, of Defiance pleaded guilty July 7 in U.S. District Court
to attempted tax evasion. Judge Jeffrey Helmick imposed the sentence and order
for restitution, which represents her unpaid tax bill from 2005 to 2011 plus
interest.

Federal prosecutors said that while Vonderembse worked as a psychiatrist for
several businesses and for the state of Ohio between 2005 and 2011, she
concealed her income, which averaged $250,000 a year, by having checks sent to
other entities, such as a family trust.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161122-TO-BRF-Ex-psychiatrist-in-tax-evasion
-case-sentenced-1122-20161122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

LENGTH: 401 words


Student secretly filmed in campus bathrooms, DA says

MEDIA "" A Villanova University student used a cellphone camera to secretly
video in public restrooms and a classroom on the school's Main Line Philadelphia
campus, authorities said.

The Delaware County district attorney said police arrested 19-year-old Vincent
Kane on child pornography-related charges. Kane, a part-time student,
surrendered to police and was released after posting a percentage of his bail.

Police found a hidden cellphone recording in a university bathroom Sept. 26.

Authorities said they then found a hard drive in Kane's off-campus bedroom with
more than 51,000 similar images and videos. Some were taken at an area high
school and a CVS Pharmacy where the teenager worked, police said. Others
depicted pornographic images of children.

Ex-Sandusky lawyer gets 20 months for tax evasion

CARLISLE "" An attorney who helped represent former Penn State assistant
football coach Jerry Sandusky at his child sex abuse trial has been sentenced to
20 months in prison on federal tax evasion charges.

Karl Rominger was sentenced Tuesday after pleading guilty in July to tax evasion
and failure to file tax returns. He was ordered to pay $318,000 in restitution.

Rominger was part of Sandusky's legal team. He'll serve the time after finishing
a 51â[#x201e]2- to 18-year term imposed after he pleaded guilty in May in
Cumberland County in the theft of $767,000 from clients.

The 43-year-old Carlisle man apologized to the court, the United States and all
his other victims. He says he has "a lot of money to pay back."

Man ordered to stand trial in assault with brick

LANCASTER "" A man has been ordered to stand trial on charges that he handcuffed
himself to a woman and then struck her several times in the head with a brick
last summer.

LNP newspapers reported that 35-year-old James Dale Foster of Lancaster waived
his right to a preliminary hearing Tuesday on Lancaster County charges of
aggravated assault, unlawful restraint, simple assault and reckless
endangerment.

Police allege that Foster handcuffed himself to the victim Aug. 21 in an attempt
to force her into the basement of his home. The victim told officers that Foster
struck her with a brick and slammed her head against a wall before both of them
fell down his basement steps. She then fled to a neighbor's home.

Foster's attorney said his client is remorseful.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

POLICE & COURTS

SECTION: LOCAL; Police/Courts; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 783 words


Buffalo man, 32, indicted in pair of bank robberies

A 32-year-old Buffalo man is charged with bank robberies in Jamestown and North
Carolina and is a fugitive, the U.S. Attorney's Office said Friday.

Philip A. Purdue is accused of robbing the Jamestown Savings Bank last Nov. 5,
and a bank in Kings Mountain, N.C., on Nov. 22. His indictment Friday followed
an investigation by the FBI and Jamestown police.

Anyone with information about his whereabouts is asked to contact the Buffalo
FBI office at 856-7800.

***

Restaurant owner pleads guilty to tax evasion

A Jamestown restaurant owner pleaded guilty to tax evasion and mortgage fraud
charges on Friday before U.S. District Judge Richard J. Arcara.

Steven Carlson, 52, of Jamestown, evaded the payment of his federal taxes from
2001 until 2008 by illegally putting businesses and properties in names of other
people, Assistant U.S. Attorney Gretchen L. Wylegala said.

She added that Carlson gave false financial information -- including falsified
tax returns -- to a bank in Florida to get a loan of more than $2 million, and
then defaulted on the loan.

Agents from the Internal Revenue Service criminal division and the Buffalo FBI
office investigated Carlson's business dealings before charging him criminally
last year.

***

Apartment house fire claims life in Wellsville

WELLSVILLE -- A fire Friday afternoon ripped through a apartment house, fatally
injuring one person, authorities said.

The fire broke out about 3:20 p.m. at 262 E. Dyke St. in the village, Wellsville
police said. Further information was unavailable late Friday.

***

Inspector hurt in fall settles for $700,000

A construction site inspector seriously injured on a bridge reconstruction job
in Depew about seven years ago has accepted a $700,000 insurance settlement, his
attorney said Friday.

Paul Wzontek, 57, of the Town of Tonawanda, who had been hired by the state
Department of Transportation, suffered severe lower back injuries when he fell
off an unsecured 12-foot ladder on Dec. 9, 2003, while inspecting A&L work on a
bridge on Broadway between Dick and Bordon roads.

Anne Beltz Rimmler said carriers for A&L Inc., a general contractor based in
Belle Vernon, Pa., made the offer after two weeks of testimony during an unsafe
workplace jury trial before State Supreme Court Justice Timothy J. Walker.

***

Buffalo woman charged under Leandra's Law

A Buffalo woman was charged Thursday night with felony driving while intoxicated
under Leandra's Law after state troopers stopped her for driving with inadequate
headlights on Bailey Avenue, officials said.

The troopers who stopped Elestra Lane, 52, said she appeared to be intoxicated
when they pulled her over. A test later showed her blood-alcohol level was .16
percent, twice the legal limit.

There were two children under 16 in the vehicle. In addition, troopers found
cocaine in her possession.

Lane was charged with additional counts of fifth-degree criminal possession of a
controlled substance, false personation, second-degree impersonation,
endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful possession of marijuana.

An adult passenger in the car, Sandra McGee, 41, was charged with fifth-degree
criminal possession of a controlled substance.

Both women were taken to the Erie County Holding Center.

***

North Collins teens tied to theft of car

Two North Collins teenagers are charged with grand larceny and unauthorized use
of a motor vehicle after they were caught last month with a stolen vehicle, Erie
County sheriff's officials said.

The male teens -- one 16 and the other 17 -- were arrested Thursday following an
extensive sheriff's investigation, arraigned in North Collins Town Court and
released pending future court action. Their names were withheld by police
because of their ages.

Authorities said a Langford Road resident called police early Dec. 19 reporting
her car was stolen overnight from her driveway. The car was found the next day
in the parking lot of a local church, police said.

***

Racketeering plea means prison for gang member

A Buffalo man faces 40 years in prison and a $500,000 fine after pleading guilty
to racketeering charges as part of his involvement in the 10th Street Gang, U.S.
Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. said Thursday.

As a member of the 10th Street gang from 2004 to 2010, Edwin Rivera, 22, sold
marijuana, cocaine and other illegal drugs on the West Side.

Rivera solicited other 10th Street gang members to shoot and kill Anthony Colon
in June 2009 by offering money, jewelry and other items. Colon, a rival gang
member, shot Rivera in the head and neck a month earlier, according to Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph M. Tripi. Rivera will be sentenced June 20 by U.S. District
Judge Richard J. Arcara.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           December 7, 2006 Thursday

Tax evasion charges added in ex-CEO's case

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 302 words


An Orinda man has been indicted on mail fraud and tax evasion charges, with
federal prosecutors claiming he snookered people into investing in his Livermore
startup company as he embezzled and lived high on the hog.

John Frances Griffin, 43, was arrested in May after a former Contra Costa County
prosecutor who had gone to work for VaporTech Inc. ferreted out the CEO's
alleged misdeeds.

VaporTech develops steam, vapor and high-pressure technology for uses such as
cleaning toxic soil or forcing oil from wells.

An indictment handed up last week by a federal grand jury in Oakland claims
Griffin from 2004 to 2006 falsely told investors he had loaned $275,000 to his
own company in order to entice them to invest as well. He also allegedly told
VaporTech employees he had put about

$1 million into the company, when in fact he was saying so to cover his own
embezzlement.

Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of items Griffin bought with the
company's cash, including a

$30,359 diamond ring; a

$3,425 gold tennis bracelet; two televisions worth more than

$3,700 each; and more than

$17,000 worth of clothing from Nieman Marcus.

Charged in May with three counts of mail fraud, the indictment filed last week
adds two counts of tax evasion. Griffin allegedly dodged his federal income
taxes in 2004 and 2005 by failing to give VaporTech's chief financial officer
his Social Security number, cashing his salary checks instead of depositing them
and using cash and cashier's checks to prevent his income from being detected.

Griffin is in the custody of a halfway house and is scheduled to be arraigned on
the new indictment Friday.

Each mail fraud count is punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison and a
fine of up to $250,000 plus restitution; each tax evasion count is punishable by
up to five years and $250,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 20, 1992, Friday, FIRST EDITION

GOTTI TAXES

BYLINE: Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 266 words


Reputed mob boss John Gotti didn't file tax returns for 1984 and 1990, IRS
officials testified at Gotti's federal racketeering trial in New York. Gotti,
51, reportedly was paid more than $ 211,000 as a plumbing-supply salesman yet
paid taxes of only $ 5,000. His income ranged from $ 11,400 in 1986, the year
after he reputedly seized control of the Gambino crime family, to $ 119,600 in
1990. Experts suggested before his current trial began that even if Gotti
escapes other charges, the government is ikely to catch him the same way it did
mobster Al Capone - for tax evasion.

ALSO THURSDAY ...

- INDIANA BOMBINGS: A burglary ring set off a series of bombings in Dyer, Ind.,
to distract police from investigating their crimes, officials said. The five
December and January blasts killed an elderly woman. Police officer Jerry
Williams, 23 was indicted Wednesday with: Douglas Bergner; Russell Prevatte,
both 22; and Robert Soy, 20.

- SMITH RESIDENCY: William Kennedy Smith, 31, will start a medical residency at
the University of New Mexico in June - a year after he was slated to have
started the program, school officials said. Smith, nephew of Sen. Edward
Kennedy, postponed the program while on trial for rape charges. He was acquitted
in December of all charges.

- AIDS BANDIT: A man dubbed the ''AIDS Bandit'' struck again in Northridge,
Calif., and stole $ 60 after brandishing a syringe he says is loaded with
AIDS-infected blood, officials said. The latest heist marks the ninth attack in
a two-mile area this week.

Contributing: Robert Davis and Bruce Frankel.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: GOTTI: Didn't pay taxes for two years

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 11, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Hollywood Madam Guilty of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A;  Page 12;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 10


Heidi Fleiss, who was convicted last year of being a madam to Hollywood's rich
and famous, was convicted today of hiding hundreds of thousands of dollars of
income from her exclusive prostitution ring.

A Federal jury convicted Ms. Fleiss, 29, of eight counts of conspiracy, tax
evasion and money laundering. Jurors could not reach a verdict on two counts
relating to a loan application. A mistrial was declared on those counts; the
prosecution did not immediately say whether it would retry her on those charges.

Ms. Fleiss sobbed as the verdicts were read. She faces up to five years in
prison for her convictions today. In December, she was sentenced to three years
for her conviction in state court on pandering charges.

"The whole two years has been a tremendous amount of pressure for me -- it's
been a nightmare," said Ms. Fleiss, who was released without bail pending
sentencing. "I've tried to keep a little bit of dignity and get through it the
best way I can."

Judge Consuelo Marshall of Federal District Court set sentencing for Nov. 13.

Also pending was a forfeiture count in which the Government seeks to recover
$550,000 in cash and property involved in the money-laundering scheme. Judge
Marshall said she would try that matter on Sept. 18 and probably rule on it that
day.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 6, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY;
Owners of Sex Club Indicted in Tax Case

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 139 words


Three men described as the owners of Plato's Retreat were indicted in Manhattan
yesterday for tax-evasion involving the alleged skimming of $2.3 million from
the club.

The owners were identified as Larry Levenson of Brooklyn, Harry Gordon of the
Bronx and Frank Pernice of Brooklyn. An accountant, Alan Feinberg of Brooklyn,
was charged with participting in tax evasion.

The Federal indictment said the owners had ''systematically skimmed'' a large
part of the daily receipts since the club opened in September 1977. Originally
in the Ansonia Hotel, the club is now at 509 West 34th Street.

The indictment called Plato's Retreat ''a swingers' sex club which catered to
couples seeking various sexual experiences in group situations.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                National Edition

Castroneves cleared of tax evasion conspiracy charge after mistrial ruled

BYLINE: PA SportsTicker

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S8

LENGTH: 170  words


Federal prosecutors dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge against
two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister yesterday,
clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened to derail
his career. Castroneves, 34 and the pole sitter for tomorrow's Indy 500, and his
35-year-old sister Katiucia were acquitted of other tax evasion charges by a
jury April 17. His tax lawyer, Alan Miller of Michigan, also was cleared of all
wrongdoing. The jury failed to agree on the conspiracy charge, resulting in a
mistrial on that count. Now prosecutors have decided not to pursue a retrial on
that charge, which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years. Castroneves
recently vaulted to even greater worldwide fame by winning TV's Dancing With The
Stars competition in 2007. The Castroneves' lawyers, Roy Black and Howard
Srebnick, said it would have been illogical to try them again on a conspiracy
charge when they were found innocent of the underlying tax evasion counts.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario

                            November 15, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: News services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 488 words


BERLIN

Former arms-industry lobbyist convicted of tax evasion

A former arms-industry lobbyist involved in a corruption scandal linked to
former German chancellor Helmut Kohl has been convicted of tax evasion and
sentenced to 6 1/2 years in prison. The dpa news agency reported Thursday that
Karlheinz Schreiber was found guilty in Augsburg state court. Schreiber, a
Canadian-German dual national, was arrested in Canada in 1999 and extradited to
Germany, where he was convicted in 2010 but won a retrial on appeal. Prosecutors
say he didn't declare money he received as kickbacks for the sale of helicopters
to Canada's coast guard, tanks to Saudi Arabia and other arms deals.

LONDON

Paul McCartney urges Putin to release Greenpeace protesters

Paul McCartney is urging Russian President Vladimir Putin to release 30 people
arrested during a Greenpeace protest at an Arctic oil rig almost two months ago.
In letter addressed "Dear Vladimir," the former Beatle tells Putin that he wrote
the song Back in the U.S.S.R in the 1960s, "back when it wasn't fashionable for
English people to say nice things about your country." Quoting the song's line
"Gee it's good to be back home," McCartney asks: "Could you make that come true
for the Greenpeace prisoners?" McCartney posted the letter Thursday on his
official website.

THE HAGUE

International court calls on Libya to deliver Gadhafi's son for trial

The International Criminal Court's prosecutor is strongly urging Libya to hand
over the son of slain dictator Moammar Gadhafi for trial on charges of crimes
against humanity. Fatou Bensouda also is calling on the UN Security Council to
urge the Libyan government to comply with the international court's order to
send Seif al-Islam Gadhafi to The Hague, Netherlands for trial, even if it
opposed the ruling. Bensouda insisted that governments are required to surrender
anyone subject to an International Criminal Court arrest warrant, saying,
"Political considerations have no place in law."

DALLAS

Gas pipeline explosion

prompts town evacuation

A gas pipeline explosion near Milford, Texas, prompted the evacuation of the
town of about 700. The explosion, which appears to have taken place at an active
drill site, occurred just after 9:30 a.m. in a rural area, but surrounding
residents report feeling the explosion. Milford is about a mile from the site of
the explosion. Officials say crews punctured a 10-inch liquid petroleum gas
line. All personnel working on the site were been accounted for.

MIAMI

Search continues after pilot reports passenger fell from plane

A manhunt and homicide investigation continued Thursday after a pilot reported
that a passenger fell from a small plane flying over the Atlantic east of Key
Biscayne. The investigation began about 1:30 p.m. after a pilot in a Piper PA 46
issued an emergency radio call: "Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! . . . I have a door
ajar and a passenger that fell down. I'm six miles from Tamiami."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

Indy 500 driver faces the facts

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Auto Racing; News

LENGTH: 437 words


INDIANAPOLIS   Will Power looks at the statistics and shakes his head.

Runner-up in his last IndyCar race at Long Beach. Sixth in the opener at St.
Petersburg. Ninth in points this season despite missing a race, and No. 9 on the
33-car starting grid for Sunday's Indianapolis 500.

And Sunday's race could be Power's last of the year.

The 28-year-old Australian understood this was possible when he accepted Penske
Racing's offer to temporarily replace Helio Castroneves in January. Rather than
risk everything on a possible full-time gig in a bad economy, Powers opted for a
safer play   joining the series' most prominent team while the two-time Indy
winner fought federal tax evasion charges.

Now that Castroneves is back, Power's future is unclear.

"I have no clue what's going to happen," he said. "It's always on your mind, but
it's out of my control."

When Castroneves returned to the team just in time for the Long Beach race,
Penske rewarded Power by putting him in a third car for that race and promising
him a start in the No. 12 Verizon Wireless car at Indy. Nothing more.

Power gladly took it.

"Nothing came as a surprise to me," he said. "They keep you updated all the time
and what happened at Long Beach, I knew could happen and it did happen."


     ·    Federal prosecutors in Miami dropped the remaining tax evasion
          conspiracy charge against Castroneves and his sister on Friday,
          clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened
          to derail his career.


Castroneves, 34 and one of the favorites for Sunday's Indy 500, and his
35-year-old sister, Katiucia, were acquitted of other tax evasion charges by a
jury April 17. His tax lawyer, Alan Miller of Michigan, also was cleared of all
wrongdoing.

The jury failed to agree on the conspiracy charge, resulting in a mistrial on
that count. Now prosecutors have decided not to pursue a retrial on that charge,
which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years.

In Indianapolis, Castroneves described learning of the dismissal as "incredible"
and "amazing." In addition to having the fastest practice time Friday,
Castroneves won the pit stop competition.

"My life is back," he said. "The only thing I can think about is to go and be in
the race car again."


     ·    New Zealand's Wade Cunningham won the Indy Lights Firestone Freedom
          100 at Indianapolis Motor Speedway, his second career victory in the
          race. Cunningham passed Sausalito driver J.R. Hildebrand on the 39th
          of 40 laps and won by 0.1 seconds to win for the second time since
          2006. Mario Romancini was third.


Cunningham has two wins, a second and a third-place finish in five career starts
at the historic oval.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 24, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 680 words


Orangeburg worker dies after 40-foot fall

COLUMBIA - A tree worker from Orangeburg died after he fell 40 feet out of a
tree, authorities said.

Dale Martin, 41, fell at about 4 p.m. Wednesday, Richland County Coroner Gary
Watts said.

He was taken to a hospital, where he died about 45 minutes later, said Mr.
Watts, who didn't know what company Mr. Martin worked for.

Mr. Watts' office didn't immediately have information on Mr. Martin's injuries.

Judge won't discard

ex-mayor's conviction

ATLANTA - A federal judge on Thursday rejected former Mayor Bill Campbell's
request to throw out his conviction on tax evasion charges and amend the jury
verdict form relating to a reference to mail fraud.

U.S. District Judge Richard Story said there was enough evidence at trial to
support Mr. Campbell's March 10 conviction on three counts of tax evasion. He
could get up to nine years in prison and $300,000 in fines at sentencing, which
has not yet been scheduled.

Mr. Campbell also had asked the court to remove from the verdict form the jury's
finding that Mr. Campbell had committed an act of mail fraud. The issue was moot
because the jury needed to find him guilty of two acts to convict him of
racketeering, but Mr. Campbell wanted the notation removed anyway.

Mr. Campbell, 52, was acquitted of all racketeering and corruption charges
against him.

Ex-Scout leader gets

probation for child porn

ATLANTA - A north Georgia man who served more than five years as a Boy Scout
troop leader has been sentenced to probation and home confinement for possessing
dozens of video clips of child pornography, authorities said.

Samuel J. Port, 35, of Ball Ground, was sentenced Wednesday in federal court to
eight years' probation and six months of home confinement, according to a news
release from the U.S. Attorney's office in Atlanta.

Mr. Port came to the FBI's attention after he brought in his employer-owned
computer for maintenance, according to the release. A service technician spotted
the items on his computer and notified authorities.

The FBI did a forensic scan of Mr. Port's computer and discovered more than 100
movie clips containing pornography related to young boys.

5 charged with murder

in deputy's shooting

MACON, GA. - Five people were charged with murder Thursday in the fatal shooting
of a Bibb County sheriff's deputy who was executing a search warrant,
authorities said.

Deputy Joseph Whitehead, 36, was shot at a house in southwest Macon before 1:30
a.m. and was pronounced dead after 2 a.m. at The Medical Center of Central
Georgia, authorities said.

Antron Dawayne Fair, 21; Damon Antwon Jolly, 20; Cynthia Greene, 20; Thomas
Mason Porter Jr., 22; and Hassan Shirell Harclerod, whose age was not available,
were charged with murder, according to police.

Occupants of the house fired at deputies, sheriff's Capt. David Davis said.
Although the deputies were wearing protective vests, Deputy Whitehead was shot
in the face, Capt. Davis said.

Deputy Whitehead began his career in June 1995. He joined the drug squad in
2002.

Capt. Davis said drugs and guns were found at the home.

Inmate found hanging

from bedsheet in cell

BRUNSWICK, GA. - An inmate at the Glynn County Detention Center apparently
killed herself, authorities said.

A jail officer found Donya M. Strickland, 37, hanging from a bedsheet in her
cell shortly after 6 p.m. Tuesday, Glynn County Sheriff Wayne Bennett said.

Staff at the jail tried to revive her. She was later pronounced dead at a
hospital, Glynn County Coroner Jimmy Durden said.

"There is no indication of foul play," he said.

Ms. Strickland, who was not on suicide watch, was in the cell by herself,
Sheriff Bennett said.

He has begun an investigation into the incident but said it appears all policies
and procedures were followed.

Ms. Strickland had been jailed since Feb. 4, when Glynn County police arrested
her on charges of theft by taking and possession of cocaine, records showed.

She was accused of stealing two handguns from her grandmother's home on St.
Simons Island in order to buy crack cocaine, police Capt. Marissa Tindale said.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       May 24, 1994 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

CONVICTIONS IN FUEL-OIL-TAX EVASION A GRAYS FERRY EXECUTIVE AND 2 RUSSIAN
IMMIGRANTS CONSPIRED TO BILK THE GOVERNMENT OF NEARLY $15 MILLION.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 484 words


A Philadelphia fuel-oil dealer and two Russian immigrants were convicted
yesterday in federal court of participating in a scheme that cheated federal and
state governments out of almost $15 million in excise taxes.

Richard McNaughton, president of Bell Fuels in Grays Ferry, was convicted of
conspiracy and racketeering conspiracy, 23 counts of wire fraud, and three
counts of tax evasion. His company was convicted of racketeering conspiracy and
19 counts of wire fraud.

Convicted with McNaughton, 62, of West Chester, were Igor Veksler, 46, of Fox
Point, Wisc., and Edward Sikar, 26, of Brooklyn, N.Y. Veksler was convicted of
conspiracy and six counts of wire fraud but acquitted of tax evasion. Sikar was
convicted of a single count of conspiracy.

The jury will resume deliberating this morning to determine what assets
McNaughton should forfeit.

The March 1993 indictment against McNaughton sought up to $6.5 million, which
the federal charge said was linked to his share of the proceeds from the scheme.

U.S. District Judge Anita B. Brody set sentencing for Aug. 24.

The racketeering-conspiracy charge on which McNaughton was convicted carries a
maximum prison term of 20 years and a $5 million fine for his company. The
conspiracy charge on which Veksler and Sikar were convicted carries a maximum
five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

The verdicts came yesterday afternoon, the jury's fourth day of deliberation
following a four-week trial.

McNaughton, his company, Veksler and Sikar were among 16 people and two firms
charged in March 1993 in a complex scheme that let them evade $14.8 million in
federal and state diesel-fuel taxes between October 1991 and
December 1992.

The scam was led by a group of Russian immigrants operating from an office in
mid-Manhattan, working with such fuel-oil firms as Bell Fuels. The group then
laundered the millions it obtained by purchasing American Jeeps and other
vehicles and merchandise for resale in Russia.

Charges against one defendant ultimately were dismissed, but the remaining
defendants pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing.

The indictment alleged that the defendants managed to evade 20.1-cents-a- gallon
federal tax on more than 51 million gallons of diesel fuel, as well as similar
taxes levied by Pennsylvania and New Jersey.

Diesel fuel is the same product as No. 2 home heating oil. When used as a fuel
for a vehicle, it is taxable; when used to heat a home, it is tax-exempt.

The scheme evaded taxes through the use of corruptly controlled companies known
as "daisy chains." Tax-exempt heating oil would be bought by one company and
moved, on paper, through the daisy chain. Along the chain, the fuel would be
marked as tax-paid diesel fuel on paper and sold at a higher price. No tax would
ever be paid, however, and the people involved in the scheme would pocket the
money.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                              May 31, 2009 Sunday

Helio could give IRL a big boost

BYLINE: By Dan Sernoffsky Daily News Sportswriter Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 391 words


Until Saturday, things were definitely looking up for Helio Castroneves.

The guy who knew all about the IRL (Indy Racing League) found out he had a lot
to learn about the IRS (Internal Revenue Service), especially after the IRS
accused him of tax evasion. Six counts of tax evasion, in fact. But Castroneves
was acquitted, and six weeks later, he won the Indianapolis 500 going away.

The win at the Brickyard was especially sweet. It was not only his third Indy
win of his career, it laid to rest the ghosts of 2002, his second Indy triumph,
a triumph spoiled by protests of Paul Tracy. Tracy was in the process of passing
Castroneves when the yellow flag came out. Tracy claimed he completed the pass,
officials said he didn't, and Castroneves got the win.

Saturday, in qualifying for a race in Milwaukee, Castroneves crashed, had to
start at the back of the pack and finished a distant 11th.

Still ...

Given his success at Indy, his big win in the fifth season of "Dancing with the
Stars," and his otherwise successful racing career, Castroneves has become the
best known driver who isn't going to be posing in a bikini, and who doesn't
compete at Daytona, Talladega, Bristol or Atlanta. And maybe, just maybe, he
might be the guy who gets the focus back on open wheel racing.

Once upon a time, the best-known drivers were guys with names like Foyt,
Andretti, Rutherford, Clark and Unser. Then came the costly in-fighting among
sanctioning organizations and NASCAR stepped up. And took over. People
recognized names like Petty and Allison and Pearson and Yarborough, but suddenly
it became a whole lot more than that. NASCAR expanded out of the South and began
spending money. The result was that drivers flocked to NASCAR.

Leading the list was Tony Stewart, a pretty good open-wheel driver who is now a
pretty good stock car driver. Jeff Gordon, Kasey Kahne, Casey Mears were all
open-wheel drivers who turned to stock cars to improve their bank accounts.
Would any of those drivers enjoy the same popularity in open-wheel racing as
they do in NASCAR?

Thanks to some help from Mother Nature -- the rain that delayed the Coca-Cola
600 -- the Indianapolis 500 had the full stage on Memorial Day. Castroneves made
the most of it, and with a little bit of luck, he might help get open-wheel
racing back in the "big leagues" with NASCAR. There is room for both.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 9, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

SPORTS PEOPLE: COLLEGE BASKETBALL;
Perry Sentenced on Tax Evasion Charges

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 64 words


RICHARD PERRY, whose hot-tub photographs with basketball players from Nevada-Las
Vegas helped lead to Coach JERRY TARKANIAN's resignation in 1992, was sentenced
yesterday in Las Vegas to 15 months in prison for income tax evasion. Perry was
also fined $30,000 and ordered to pay retroactive taxes for some $650,000 in
gambling income he failed to report from 1989 to 1991.


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 11, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK STATE ACTS TO COUNTER EVASION OF TAX ON GASOLINE

BYLINE: By MATTHEW L. WALD

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 831 words


Unscrupulous gasoline distributors are cheating New York State out of tens of
millions of dollars in tax revenues each year and gaining unfair advantage over
their honest competitors by ''bootlegging'' gasoline, state officials said
yesterday.

After a two-year investigation by Federal, state and local agencies, the state
moved yesterday to prosecute 18 motor fuel distributors it accused of cheating
on taxes, and it sent tax bills to 17 distributors totaling more than $33
million. The distributors cited were in New York City, the counties of
Westchester, Rockland and Orange and on Long Island.

The State Department of Taxation and Finance sent to the Attorney General the
files on 18 distributors accused of evading sales and motor fuel taxes, of
filing false reports with the state and of mail fraud, among other crimes.

''If this activity remains unchecked, the likely result is only too obvious,''
said Robert Abrams, the State Attorney General. ''The legitimate companies
remaining in this key industry will be forced out.''

Also yesterday, the tax department began steps to cancel the licenses of 161
motor fuel distributorships, most of them ''dummy operations'' used in paper
transactions in an attempt to evade taxes, the department said. About 400
distributors handle motor fuels in New York State.

In addition to the state's treasury, motorists also were victims, the officials
said, often paying for high-octane or no-lead gasoline but not receiving it. The
wrong gasoline can damage vehicle engines.

According to one agency involved in the investigation, the State Department of
Taxation and Finance, ''widespread gasoline bootlegging'' is carried on in part
by organized crime.

The Tax Commissioner, Roderick G. W. Chu, said the tax evasion by the
distributors against whom action was taken yesterday represented only part of
the problem. ''While the tax department is able to document approxmately $100
million in gasoline tax evasion,'' he said, ''some industry experts place the
figure at more than $200 million per year.''

The state's gasoline tax revenues fell to $422 million in the last fiscal year
from $450 million three years earlier, and officials believe that a major reason
was tax evasion, not reduced sales.



Wide Bootlegging Feared

An aide to Mr. Chu, Karl E. Felsen, said: ''I've heard estimates that as high as
10 percent of all gasoline products sold in New York State could be
bootlegged.''

The bootlegging includes smuggling gasoline into the state without paying the
8-cent-a-gallon motor fuel tax or the sales tax, now also about 8 cents a
gallon, or adulterating the fuel.

''Bootleggers don't have the highest ethical standards,'' said Mr. Felsen, ''and
they're not beyond putting leaded fuel in unleaded storage tanks or putting
regular unleaded in super unleaded tanks.''

A spokesman for the New York City Department of Consumer Affairs, Gary Walker,
agreed that adulteration was prevalent. He said the department had checked 55
samples of ''unleaded'' gas for excess lead between January and October this
year and had found that 25 had more lead than allowed by law.

A total of 106 other samples were checked for octane, and 90 were found to be
lower than the octane described, Mr. Walker said, typically 88 or 89 instead of
92 or 93.



Potential Vehicle Damage

Cars that require high-octane fuel will ''knock'' on lower-quality gasoline,
which can lead to engine damage. Cars designed to run on no-lead gasoline have
catalytic converters that destroy dangerous pollutants, but the converters can
be fouled by lead.

Selling leaded gasoline as unleaded is illegal, and several distributors on Long
Island have been fined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency for
that offense in recent months.

Mr. Walker said the samples of gasoline that failed laboratory analyses had come
from ''name brand'' service stations, as well as independent retailers. At the
stations of major oil companies, he said, ''by and large, it's simple economics
on the part of the gas station owners.''

''They can get bootleg gas at considerably less per gallon than they would from
the parent company, and who's to know until you get a bad tankful?''



Huge Profits Projected

Gasoline taxes, including Federal levies, total 27 cents in some areas, and the
margin between grades of gasoline can be 10 cents more. Dishonest dealers ''can
undercut the honest gas station owner, and still make five times the profit,''
Mr. Felsen said, adding that the station owner's normal markup is 1 to 3 cents a
gallon.

Mr. Chu described a ''daisy chain'' arrangement under which scores of paper
transactions are recorded between dummy corporations, to make it harder for
government auditors to determine the volume of fuel on which taxes are due.

According to Mr. Felsen, auditors sometimes discover dealerships that owe
millions of dollars in taxes, but the dealerships have gone bankrupt or have no
assets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

GUILTY PLEA FOR GRIMM Pol will fess tax evasion

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI and DAN FRIEDMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With James Warren

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 566 words


AFTER VOWING to fight his criminal indictment "tooth and nail," Rep. Michael
Grimm of Staten Island has agreed to plead guilty Tuesday to a felony charge of
tax evasion.

Grimm's admission of guilt will place his congressional career in danger,
exactly seven weeks after he won reelection by an overwhelming margin. He was
scheduled to enter the plea Tuesday before Judge Pamela Chen in Brooklyn Federal
Court, sources told the Daily News.

A Republican who served in the Marines and worked as an FBI agent, Grimm was
charged in a 20-count federal indictment in April with hiding more than $1
million in sales and wages related to an Upper East Side restaurant he co-owned.
He was also charged with hiring undocumented immigrants.

He pleaded not guilty, and his trial was to begin in February.

Despite the indictment, Grimm trounced Democrat Domenic Recchia 55% to 42% on
Nov. 4 to win a third term. Recchia made the criminal case a central issue of
his campaign, and at a debate on Oct. 17, Grimm was asked, "If found guilty,
would you resign?"

"Certainly, if I was not able to serve, then of course I would step aside and
there would be a special election," he replied.

But if he can escape prison time, Grimm is expected to try to hold onto his
seat, arguing he would still be "able to serve," a source familiar with his
thinking said. Under federal law, Grimm faces up to three years behind bars on
the tax evasion charge. As a first-time offender, however, he might not have to
serve any time. That decision will be up to Judge Chen, when she sentences him
sometime next year.

If Grimm is spared prison and refuses to resign, it would up to House Speaker
John Boehner (R-Ohio) to decide whether to force him to step down. A Boehner
confidant said Monday that the speaker likely would pressure Grimm to quit.
Boehner has been "merciless on discipline," the confidant told The News. "The
bar is extremely high."

The source noted how Boehner, as House minority leader, forced Rep. Mark Souder
(R-Ind.) to resign in 2010 for having an affair with a female staffer. Boehner
(right) was equally tough in dealing with Christopher Lee, a Buffalo-area
Republican who was pressured to quit in 2011 after emailing a shirtless photo of
himself to a woman who posted a personal ad on Craigslist.

If Grimm somehow remained in Congress, he would be virtually powerless. Under
House Ethics Rule 23, any member convicted of a crime that carries a possible
sentence of at least two years "should refrain" from voting on legislation
"until he is reelected after the date of conviction."

That means Grimm would be barred from participating in all House votes for the
entire 114th Congress.

Grimm made national headlines last winter when he threatened to throw a
television reporter over a balcony for asking about the federal investigation of
his business dealings. Investigators spent two years looking at his ownership
and management of the restaurant Healthalicious from 2007 until 2010, the year
he was elected to Congress.

The indictment charged that Grimm kept two sets of books to hide more than $1
million in receipts and hundreds of thousands of dollars more in wages to lower
his payroll, income and sales tax obligations.

Grimm said previously he was the victim of a "political witch hunt" designed to
"assassinate my character and remove me from office." "I know I'm a moral man, a
man of integrity," he said then.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rep. Michael Grimm (R-S.I.) is set to enter guilty plea Tuesday. BRYAN
PACE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Ohio: Psychiatrist sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Department of Justice, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



  A psychiatrist from Oregon, Ohio, was sentenced to serve 18 months in prison
for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline
D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S. Attorney Carole
S. Rendon for the Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent
in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.





 According to court records, from as early as 2005, Sandra Vonderembse failed to
pay taxes and filed and caused to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service
false and fraudulent tax returns that included false statements regarding her
income and the amount of tax due and owing.  Additionally, from 2009 through
2011, Vonderembse falsely claimed to have no taxable income and to owe no taxes,
despite earning more than $240,000 each year while working as a psychiatrist.
Vonderembse used nominee entities to conceal income from the IRS, and sent fake
financial instruments to the IRS in purported payment of her taxes.  In total,
from 2005 through 2011, she attempted to evade more than $360,000 in income tax
liabilities.



 "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when others
swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and with
this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished.  The
IRS and Department of Justice remain determined and vigilant in ferreting out
such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."



 In addition to the prison term imposed, Vonderembse was ordered to serve one
year of supervised release and to pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$565,128.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rendon
commended special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the
investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Noah Hood and Trial Attorneys Jack
Morgan and Jeffrey McLellan of the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                               May 6, 2013 Monday

Hicks: Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller loses kids

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 2144 words


Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller is not having a good week.

A day after Mueller's twins Bob and Max were taken away from her, her rep said
she has been hospitalized in Los Angeles for prescription drug abuse.

Mueller voluntarily enrolled at UCLA Medical Center on Friday, following
confirmation that her 4-year-old sons with ex-husband Sheen were being cared for
by Sheen's other ex-wife Denise Richards, according to USA Today.

"Despite reports to the contrary, Brooke is currently at UCLA Medical Center
where she has been since being admitted May 3," her rep Steve Honig said in a
statement. "Brooke will be there for several more days, and will likely
transition directly into a residential treatment facility to get help for
prescription drug abuse."

Honig added that Mueller, 35, knew Bob and Max were safe, explaining, "Brooke
misses her children, and wants to get healthy so she can resume her life and get
back to being a mom."

According to the Huffington Report, Los Angeles Department of Children and
Family Services workers took the children from Mueller on Thursday night after
the agency determined her home was an "unsafe environment" due to her suspected
drug use.

Sheen's rep released a statement to TMZ, saying "Charlie supports the actions of
the Department of Children and Family Services. He knows Max and Bob are safe
and in a stable, loving environment with Denise and the boys' sisters."

Sheen also has two daughters with Richards, who has taken Mueller's children in
the past when her drug problems forced her into treatment.

LAURYN HILL SENTENCED TO PRISON FOR TAX EVASION: Lauryn Hill was sentenced
Monday to three months in prison for tax evasion, according to TMZ.

A judge in Newark, N.J., also sentenced her to three months of house arrest
following her prison stint, followed by nine months of supervised release.

Boy, that reminds me ... has April 15 come yet?

Before the hearing, Hill's attorney claimed the singer paid the government more
than $970,000 of what she owed. Apparently it wasn't enough. The 37-year-old
singer pleaded guilty last year to three counts of tax evasion for not filing
returns on $1.8 million she earned from 2005 to 2007.

Hill's attorney asked the judge to consider Hill's charity work and her six
children. It didn't work. The judge ordered Hill to report to prison by July 8.
It was not disclosed where Hill will serve her time.

Hill gave a statement to the court, comparing her situation to slavery.

"I was put into a system I didn't know the nature of. ... I'm a child of former
slaves," Hill said. "I got into an economic paradigm and had that imposed on
me."

Yeah ... it must be tough having stardom "imposed" on you.

Hill said "I sold 50 million units ... now I'm up here paying a tax debt. If
that's not likened to slavery, I don't know what is."

The world's real slaves declined to comment, saying they were too busy suffering
from real slavery.

HELEN MIRREN GOES OFF: Helen Mirren stormed out of her own production of "The
Audience" Saturday night in London -- in full costume -- to tell a bunch of
parading drummers outside to "shut the (expletive) up."

My goodness. I suppose we should be thankful she wasn't armed.

Mirren is playing Queen Elizabeth in the show, which details meetings over the
years between the Queen and various British prime ministers.

Promoter Joe O'Leary, 32, who was at the drumming parade, told The Sun: "It was
strange to see this little woman in tiara and pearls shouting like that. It's
not the behavior you'd expect from the Queen."

Right Joe ... except she's not really the Queen.

According to the Daily Beast, Mirren's outburst came after the sound of drumming
penetrated the theater, disturbing the end of the first half. The 67-year-old
actress burst out of the stage door at the interval, grabbed the conductor's arm
and yelled at the band to "shut the (expletive) up."

And they did.

Mirren later told the Daily Telegraph, "I'm afraid there were a few 'thespian'
words used. They got a very stern royal ticking off, but I have to say they were
very sweet and they stopped immediately. I felt rotten but on the other hand,
they were destroying our performance so something had to be done."

"I literally walked straight off stage," she continued, "straight up the stairs
and straight out the stage door and banged my way through the crowd who were
watching and said 'stop, you've got to stop right now' only I might have used
stronger language than that."

"They were very sweet and stopped the minute they knew I wasn't just a batty old
woman haranguing them on the streets of Soho on a Saturday night."

I don't know. She sounds a little batty ... .

Parade organizer Mark McKenzie said: "Not much shocks you on the gay scene. But
seeing Helen Mirren dressed as the Queen cussing and swearing and making you
stop your parade -- that's a new one."

The audience later suffered through a power failure that plunged the stage into
darkness. Mirren turned to the audience and said, "We seem to be having a bit of
a bad night."

The audience disagreed and gave her a standing ovation.

PATRICK SCHWARZENEGGER GETS TOSSED FROM CLUB: Patrick Schwarzenegger seems like
a humble, down-to-earth teen who, despite having one of the world's most famous
last names, doesn't seem to feel he has a sense of entitlement.

Just kidding.

Arnold Schwarzenegger's 19-year-old son was booted Saturday night from the
Sayers Club in Los Angeles for unknown reasons, according to TMZ. Though it
might have to do with his rant outside the club, caught by TMZ's cameras, which
showed Schwarzenegger threatening to go back in and "beat the (expletive) out of
the DJ."

The son of the actor and former California governor, and ex-boyfriend of Taylor
Swift, loudly ranted to a group of friends, "Everyone around me wants to beat
the (expletive) out of the DJ (TMZ reported it sounded like he said 'gay boy' at
this point), I'll beat the (expletive) out of him. He kicks everybody out of his
table, losing money for the club, losing money for the owner."

Uh, technically the Sayers Club is also a bar. Patrick Schwarzenegger is 19.
People can't legally go to bars in California unless they are at least 21. The
Sayers Club is in Los Angeles, which is in California, so ... you do the math.

TMZ later reported that Schwarzenegger was throwing ice cubs at the DJ which, if
you're underaged in a club, isn't the brightest thing to do, since it usually
gets an employee's attention (it did), after which they realize you're underage
and you get tossed out (he did).

Putting an exclamation point on the whole silly scene, Schwarzenegger then tried
to get into an SUV to leave, yet reportedly got denied by the driver, causing
the lad to condescendingly (according to TMZ) wave his hand in the driver's
face.

LINDSAY LOHAN DOESN'T HAVE A PROBLEM: Lindsay Lohan -- who is rehab right now --
does not have a drinking problem.

But she does love ecstasy.

Lohan sat down last month with Piers Morgan to talk about all sorts of fun
things, like how she's only done cocaine "maybe four of five times."

Did she mean, like, in the previous week?

According to Us Weekly, the interview just appeared in the Daily Mail and
contained all sorts of informative tidbits. Like:

Health Ledger gave her advice about controlling her drinking (because, of
course, people like Lohan who don't have drinking problems need advice about
those nonexistent problems from people who will eventually die of a drug
overdose).

She hasn't taken a drug (other than her prescriptions) in a year. Right. And she
couldn't possibly have a problem with prescription drugs.

She's not an alcoholic and can give up drinking whenever she wants (see Heath
Ledger reference).

She's done cocaine "maybe 4 or 5 times in my life" (math probably wasn't her
best subject in school).

She likes ecstasy better than other drugs (which, of course, she doesn't take).

She does not think she needs to be in lockdown rehab for three months (where
things could become awkward when she wants to do ecstasy).

She thinks rehab will be good for her because it gives people time to just be by
themselves (her rehab, apparently, will be that one on the planet without
counselors and other patients).

She's straight. No word from her ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson on what she means
by "straight."

Tune in tomorrow for more fascinating news about Lindsay Lohan's life.

MIKE TYSON WANTS TO BE A REAL ACTOR: Mike Tyson wants to do Shakespeare.

No, I don't think that means he wants to punch him in the face. I think it means
he thinks he's getting to be a pretty good actor.

No? OK ... you tell him.

The former heavyweight champion has spent the past few years building himself a
career in showbiz, in television, movies and in theater. He's done his own
one-man show, acted in "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit," and appeared in the
first two "The Hangover" films.

Right. He sounds ready to me.

Tyson recently told the New York Daily News, "Wouldn't Shakespeare be awesome?
That black guy ... could you imagine me in Othello?"

Yes. Yes, sir. We sure could.

Tyson admitted he has some work to do.

"Anything you give me time to prepare for, I can do," Tyson said. "I don't think
I am ready for that yet, but I would like to try. My career as an actor has
blossomed. I never considered myself a comedian or actor, even though I was in
movies and shows helping out friends ... a lot of my friends are actors and
directors and they say, 'Mike, we need you to concentrate and take it
seriously.' They say my skills are horrible, but I have the natural timings for
it. I am working on my skills."

Go get 'em, champ.

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

MAY 7 IN HISTORY

Tuesday is May 7, the 127th day of 2013. There are 238 days left in the year.

1763: Pontiac, chief of the Ottawa Indians, attempted to lead a sneak attack on
British-held Fort Detroit, but was foiled because the British had been tipped
off in advance. (The Ottawa Indians and other tribes then launched an all-out
war with the British that came to be known as Pontiac's War.)

1789: The first inaugural ball was held in New York in honor of President George
Washington and his wife, Martha.

1824: Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 in D minor, Op. 125, had its premiere in
Vienna.

1825: Composer Antonio Salieri died in Vienna, Austria.

1833: Composer Johannes Brahms was born in Hamburg, Germany.

1840: Composer Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk, Russia.

1915: Nearly 1,200 people died when a German torpedo sank the British liner RMS
Lusitania off the Irish coast.

1942: U.S. Army Gen. Jonathan Wainwright went on a Manila radio station to
announce the Allied surrender of the Philippines to Japanese forces during World
War II.

1945: Germany signed an unconditional surrender at Allied headquarters in
Rheims, France, ending its role in World War II.

1954: The 55-day Battle of Dien Bien Phu in Vietnam ended with Vietnamese
insurgents overrunning French forces.

1963: The United States launched the Telstar 2 communications satellite.

1975: President Gerald R. Ford formally declared an end to the "Vietnam era." In
Ho Chi Minh City -- formerly Saigon -- the Viet Cong celebrated its takeover.

1992: The latest addition to America's space shuttle fleet, Endeavour, went on
its first flight. A 203-year-old proposed constitutional amendment barring
Congress from giving itself a midterm pay raise received enough votes for
ratification as Michigan became the 38th state to approve it.

2003: President George W. Bush ordered the lifting of sanctions against Iraq,
and called on members of the U.N. Security Council to do the same. The White
House announced President Bush had chosen New Mexico oilman Colin R. McMillan to
be secretary of the Navy and Air Force Secretary James Roche to replace the
dismissed secretary of the Army, Thomas White. (However, McMillan died in an
apparent suicide in July 2003, while Roche's nomination languished in Congress
before being withdrawn in March 2004.)

2008: President George W. Bush, addressing the Council of Americas, said Cuba's
post-Fidel Castro leadership had made only "empty gestures at reform" as he
rejected calls for easing U.S. restrictions on the communist island. Dmitri
Medvedev was sworn in as Russia's president.

2012: Education Secretary Arne Duncan broke ranks with the White House, stating
his unequivocal support for same-sex marriage one day after Vice President Joe
Biden suggested on NBC that he supported gay marriage as well. Vladimir Putin
took the oath of office as Russia's president in a brief but regal Kremlin
ceremony.

BIRTHDAYS

Rhythm-and-blues singer Thelma Houston (67), rock musician Bill Kreutzmann
(Grateful Dead) (67), rock musician Prairie Prince (63), actor Michael E. Knight
(54), rock musician Phil Campbell (Motorhead) (52), actress Traci Lords (45),
singer Eagle-Eye Cherry (42), rock musician Matt Helders (Arctic Monkeys) (27).

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                               May 6, 2013 Monday

Hicks: Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller loses kids

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Entertainment; Gossip

LENGTH: 2144 words


Charlie Sheen's ex-wife Brooke Mueller is not having a good week.

A day after Mueller's twins Bob and Max were taken away from her, her rep said
she has been hospitalized in Los Angeles for prescription drug abuse.

Mueller voluntarily enrolled at UCLA Medical Center on Friday, following
confirmation that her 4-year-old sons with ex-husband Sheen were being cared for
by Sheen's other ex-wife Denise Richards, according to USA Today.

"Despite reports to the contrary, Brooke is currently at UCLA Medical Center
where she has been since being admitted May 3," her rep Steve Honig said in a
statement. "Brooke will be there for several more days, and will likely
transition directly into a residential treatment facility to get help for
prescription drug abuse."

Honig added that Mueller, 35, knew Bob and Max were safe, explaining, "Brooke
misses her children, and wants to get healthy so she can resume her life and get
back to being a mom."

According to the Huffington Report, Los Angeles Department of Children and
Family Services workers took the children from Mueller on Thursday night after
the agency determined her home was an "unsafe environment" due to her suspected
drug use.

Sheen's rep released a statement to TMZ, saying "Charlie supports the actions of
the Department of Children and Family Services. He knows Max and Bob are safe
and in a stable, loving environment with Denise and the boys' sisters."

Sheen also has two daughters with Richards, who has taken Mueller's children in
the past when her drug problems forced her into treatment.

LAURYN HILL SENTENCED TO PRISON FOR TAX EVASION: Lauryn Hill was sentenced
Monday to three months in prison for tax evasion, according to TMZ.

A judge in Newark, N.J., also sentenced her to three months of house arrest
following her prison stint, followed by nine months of supervised release.

Boy, that reminds me ... has April 15 come yet?

Before the hearing, Hill's attorney claimed the singer paid the government more
than $970,000 of what she owed. Apparently it wasn't enough. The 37-year-old
singer pleaded guilty last year to three counts of tax evasion for not filing
returns on $1.8 million she earned from 2005 to 2007.

Hill's attorney asked the judge to consider Hill's charity work and her six
children. It didn't work. The judge ordered Hill to report to prison by July 8.
It was not disclosed where Hill will serve her time.

Hill gave a statement to the court, comparing her situation to slavery.

"I was put into a system I didn't know the nature of. ... I'm a child of former
slaves," Hill said. "I got into an economic paradigm and had that imposed on
me."

Yeah ... it must be tough having stardom "imposed" on you.

Hill said "I sold 50 million units ... now I'm up here paying a tax debt. If
that's not likened to slavery, I don't know what is."

The world's real slaves declined to comment, saying they were too busy suffering
from real slavery.

HELEN MIRREN GOES OFF: Helen Mirren stormed out of her own production of "The
Audience" Saturday night in London -- in full costume -- to tell a bunch of
parading drummers outside to "shut the (expletive) up."

My goodness. I suppose we should be thankful she wasn't armed.

Mirren is playing Queen Elizabeth in the show, which details meetings over the
years between the Queen and various British prime ministers.

Promoter Joe O'Leary, 32, who was at the drumming parade, told The Sun: "It was
strange to see this little woman in tiara and pearls shouting like that. It's
not the behavior you'd expect from the Queen."

Right Joe ... except she's not really the Queen.

According to the Daily Beast, Mirren's outburst came after the sound of drumming
penetrated the theater, disturbing the end of the first half. The 67-year-old
actress burst out of the stage door at the interval, grabbed the conductor's arm
and yelled at the band to "shut the (expletive) up."

And they did.

Mirren later told the Daily Telegraph, "I'm afraid there were a few 'thespian'
words used. They got a very stern royal ticking off, but I have to say they were
very sweet and they stopped immediately. I felt rotten but on the other hand,
they were destroying our performance so something had to be done."

"I literally walked straight off stage," she continued, "straight up the stairs
and straight out the stage door and banged my way through the crowd who were
watching and said 'stop, you've got to stop right now' only I might have used
stronger language than that."

"They were very sweet and stopped the minute they knew I wasn't just a batty old
woman haranguing them on the streets of Soho on a Saturday night."

I don't know. She sounds a little batty ... .

Parade organizer Mark McKenzie said: "Not much shocks you on the gay scene. But
seeing Helen Mirren dressed as the Queen cussing and swearing and making you
stop your parade -- that's a new one."

The audience later suffered through a power failure that plunged the stage into
darkness. Mirren turned to the audience and said, "We seem to be having a bit of
a bad night."

The audience disagreed and gave her a standing ovation.

PATRICK SCHWARZENEGGER GETS TOSSED FROM CLUB: Patrick Schwarzenegger seems like
a humble, down-to-earth teen who, despite having one of the world's most famous
last names, doesn't seem to feel he has a sense of entitlement.

Just kidding.

Arnold Schwarzenegger's 19-year-old son was booted Saturday night from the
Sayers Club in Los Angeles for unknown reasons, according to TMZ. Though it
might have to do with his rant outside the club, caught by TMZ's cameras, which
showed Schwarzenegger threatening to go back in and "beat the (expletive) out of
the DJ."

The son of the actor and former California governor, and ex-boyfriend of Taylor
Swift, loudly ranted to a group of friends, "Everyone around me wants to beat
the (expletive) out of the DJ (TMZ reported it sounded like he said 'gay boy' at
this point), I'll beat the (expletive) out of him. He kicks everybody out of his
table, losing money for the club, losing money for the owner."

Uh, technically the Sayers Club is also a bar. Patrick Schwarzenegger is 19.
People can't legally go to bars in California unless they are at least 21. The
Sayers Club is in Los Angeles, which is in California, so ... you do the math.

TMZ later reported that Schwarzenegger was throwing ice cubs at the DJ which, if
you're underaged in a club, isn't the brightest thing to do, since it usually
gets an employee's attention (it did), after which they realize you're underage
and you get tossed out (he did).

Putting an exclamation point on the whole silly scene, Schwarzenegger then tried
to get into an SUV to leave, yet reportedly got denied by the driver, causing
the lad to condescendingly (according to TMZ) wave his hand in the driver's
face.

LINDSAY LOHAN DOESN'T HAVE A PROBLEM: Lindsay Lohan -- who is rehab right now --
does not have a drinking problem.

But she does love ecstasy.

Lohan sat down last month with Piers Morgan to talk about all sorts of fun
things, like how she's only done cocaine "maybe four of five times."

Did she mean, like, in the previous week?

According to Us Weekly, the interview just appeared in the Daily Mail and
contained all sorts of informative tidbits. Like:

Health Ledger gave her advice about controlling her drinking (because, of
course, people like Lohan who don't have drinking problems need advice about
those nonexistent problems from people who will eventually die of a drug
overdose).

She hasn't taken a drug (other than her prescriptions) in a year. Right. And she
couldn't possibly have a problem with prescription drugs.

She's not an alcoholic and can give up drinking whenever she wants (see Heath
Ledger reference).

She's done cocaine "maybe 4 or 5 times in my life" (math probably wasn't her
best subject in school).

She likes ecstasy better than other drugs (which, of course, she doesn't take).

She does not think she needs to be in lockdown rehab for three months (where
things could become awkward when she wants to do ecstasy).

She thinks rehab will be good for her because it gives people time to just be by
themselves (her rehab, apparently, will be that one on the planet without
counselors and other patients).

She's straight. No word from her ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson on what she means
by "straight."

Tune in tomorrow for more fascinating news about Lindsay Lohan's life.

MIKE TYSON WANTS TO BE A REAL ACTOR: Mike Tyson wants to do Shakespeare.

No, I don't think that means he wants to punch him in the face. I think it means
he thinks he's getting to be a pretty good actor.

No? OK ... you tell him.

The former heavyweight champion has spent the past few years building himself a
career in showbiz, in television, movies and in theater. He's done his own
one-man show, acted in "Law & Order: Special Victims Unit," and appeared in the
first two "The Hangover" films.

Right. He sounds ready to me.

Tyson recently told the New York Daily News, "Wouldn't Shakespeare be awesome?
That black guy ... could you imagine me in Othello?"

Yes. Yes, sir. We sure could.

Tyson admitted he has some work to do.

"Anything you give me time to prepare for, I can do," Tyson said. "I don't think
I am ready for that yet, but I would like to try. My career as an actor has
blossomed. I never considered myself a comedian or actor, even though I was in
movies and shows helping out friends ... a lot of my friends are actors and
directors and they say, 'Mike, we need you to concentrate and take it
seriously.' They say my skills are horrible, but I have the natural timings for
it. I am working on my skills."

Go get 'em, champ.

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

MAY 7 IN HISTORY

Tuesday is May 7, the 127th day of 2013. There are 238 days left in the year.

1763: Pontiac, chief of the Ottawa Indians, attempted to lead a sneak attack on
British-held Fort Detroit, but was foiled because the British had been tipped
off in advance. (The Ottawa Indians and other tribes then launched an all-out
war with the British that came to be known as Pontiac's War.)

1789: The first inaugural ball was held in New York in honor of President George
Washington and his wife, Martha.

1824: Beethoven's Symphony No. 9 in D minor, Op. 125, had its premiere in
Vienna.

1825: Composer Antonio Salieri died in Vienna, Austria.

1833: Composer Johannes Brahms was born in Hamburg, Germany.

1840: Composer Peter Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk, Russia.

1915: Nearly 1,200 people died when a German torpedo sank the British liner RMS
Lusitania off the Irish coast.

1942: U.S. Army Gen. Jonathan Wainwright went on a Manila radio station to
announce the Allied surrender of the Philippines to Japanese forces during World
War II.

1945: Germany signed an unconditional surrender at Allied headquarters in
Rheims, France, ending its role in World War II.

1954: The 55-day Battle of Dien Bien Phu in Vietnam ended with Vietnamese
insurgents overrunning French forces.

1963: The United States launched the Telstar 2 communications satellite.

1975: President Gerald R. Ford formally declared an end to the "Vietnam era." In
Ho Chi Minh City -- formerly Saigon -- the Viet Cong celebrated its takeover.

1992: The latest addition to America's space shuttle fleet, Endeavour, went on
its first flight. A 203-year-old proposed constitutional amendment barring
Congress from giving itself a midterm pay raise received enough votes for
ratification as Michigan became the 38th state to approve it.

2003: President George W. Bush ordered the lifting of sanctions against Iraq,
and called on members of the U.N. Security Council to do the same. The White
House announced President Bush had chosen New Mexico oilman Colin R. McMillan to
be secretary of the Navy and Air Force Secretary James Roche to replace the
dismissed secretary of the Army, Thomas White. (However, McMillan died in an
apparent suicide in July 2003, while Roche's nomination languished in Congress
before being withdrawn in March 2004.)

2008: President George W. Bush, addressing the Council of Americas, said Cuba's
post-Fidel Castro leadership had made only "empty gestures at reform" as he
rejected calls for easing U.S. restrictions on the communist island. Dmitri
Medvedev was sworn in as Russia's president.

2012: Education Secretary Arne Duncan broke ranks with the White House, stating
his unequivocal support for same-sex marriage one day after Vice President Joe
Biden suggested on NBC that he supported gay marriage as well. Vladimir Putin
took the oath of office as Russia's president in a brief but regal Kremlin
ceremony.

BIRTHDAYS

Rhythm-and-blues singer Thelma Houston (67), rock musician Bill Kreutzmann
(Grateful Dead) (67), rock musician Prairie Prince (63), actor Michael E. Knight
(54), rock musician Phil Campbell (Motorhead) (52), actress Traci Lords (45),
singer Eagle-Eye Cherry (42), rock musician Matt Helders (Arctic Monkeys) (27).

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 12, 2013 Tuesday

Lackawanna County children's lawyer indicted for tax evasion

BYLINE: Steve McConnell, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Feb. 12--A federal grand jury today indicted the Lackawanna County Family
Court's sole-appointed guardian ad litem on charges of tax evasion and filing
false federal income tax returns, stemming from failure to report payments she
received from parents.

According to the grand jury indictment, Danielle Ross, who represented children
in parent-custody disputes, did not report to the IRS any of the money in 2009
and 2010 she received from parents that she billed $50 an hour as their
children's court-appointed attorney.

Read the indictment HERE

The grand jury found Ross, 37, in those years only reported her $38,000 annual
retainer that the county paid her as part of her duties, while failing to
disclose to the IRS the $50 an hour she was allowed to charge parents beyond her
retainer.

Exactly how much income she failed to disclose to the federal government was not
revealed in the indictment released today.

Ross "allegedly managed and exercised complete control over her private billings
and income," U.S. Attorney Peter J. Smith said in a statement. "That income was
allegedly known only to (Danielle) Ross and not Lackawanna County, nor was
Lackawanna County required to approve" her private billings.

The investigation was conducted by the IRS, FBI, and the Lackawanna County
district attorney's office.

Handed up in Scranton, the grand jury charged her with two counts of tax evasion
and two counts of filing a false federal income tax return.

If convicted, she faces a maximum 16 year prison sentence.

Ross has been the county's full-time court-appointed lawyer for children since
2008. She was classified as an independent contractor.

The position was created to ensure children have a voice during acrimonious
family custody disputes, although parents in some cases pay the bill.

Ross' contract called for her to receive a $38,000 annual retainer, in addition
to allowing her to bill $50 an hour to the county to represent children of
low-income parents or bill parents of means $50 an hour directly.

Check back to www.citizensvoice.com for updates.

___ (c)2013 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130212-YC-Lackawanna-County-children-s-lawyer-indicted-for-tax-evasion
-0212-20130212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2013 The Citizens' Voice


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          February 10, 1993 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

WIESENTHAL MUSEUM OPENS

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 393 words


Simon Wiesenthal, who went from a Nazi concentration camp to become a famed
hunter of Nazi war criminals, dedicated a $50 million Holocaust museum

honoring the millions who died. "Since my liberation on May 5, 1945, believe

me, not one day has gone by that I have forgotten that I am a survivor," he

said Monday at an opening ceremony for the Simon Wiesenthal Center's Museum of
Tolerance in Los Angeles. "This museum is part of my obligation to the

others, a good reason to have survived." About 1,500 people attended the

dedication of the museum, which catalogs Nazi horrors.

LAWYER MITCHELSON CONVICTED

Divorce lawyer Marvin Mitchelson, famed for his celebrity clients and his
"palimony" case against Lee Marvin, was convicted Tuesday of tax evasion.

Mitchelson, 64, convicted on four felony counts of federal tax evasion, faces up
to 12 years in prison and a $1 million fine. He was charged with tax fraud for
allegedly failing to report nearly $2 million on his income tax returns

from 1983 to 1986. He has represented Joan Collins and Palm Beach's Roxanne

Pulitzer, among others.

HAVE YOU HEARD . . . ?

* Virginia State Police said more than 5,300 people filed past Arthur

Ashe's open casket Tuesday as the body lay in state in the state's 180-year-

old Executive Mansion in Richmond. Ashe, a Richmond native and close friend

of Virginia Gov. Douglas Wilder, died Saturday at age 49 of AIDS-related

complications. His funeral is set for today. He will be buried beside his

mother.

* David Letterman is leaning toward keeping his late-night television show in
Manhattan if a few problems with studio facilities can be resolved, a CBS

spokeswoman said Tuesday. Letterman's eastward tilt was made public following a
meeting between senior staffers at Late Night and network executives.

* Actress Nastassja Kinski gave birth to a 7-pound, 14-ounce girl early

Tuesday, her spokesman said. The infant, whose father is composer and producer
Quincy Jones, was named Kenya Julia Miambi Sarah Jones.

* The wife of actor Rod Steiger, 68, has given birth to a son. Paula

Steiger, 32, gave birth to 6-pound, 7-ounce Michael Winston Steiger-- named in
honor of Michelangelo and Sir Winston Churchill.

* Seymour Topping, a veteran newsman and former managing editor of The New York
Times, has been named administrator of the Pulitzer Prizes, it was

announced Tuesday.

-- Compiled by LOUIS PARK\

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  NEWSMAKERS / Ran all editions

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 5, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Jury Is Chosen

SECTION: Section 1; Page 45, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 78 words


A jury of eight women and four men was selected yesterday to hear testimony in
the tax-evasion trial of the boxing promoter Don King, which will begin Monday
in United States District Court in Manhattan.

King has been charged on 29 counts of income-tax evasion, filing false and
fraudulent tax returns, and conspiracy. A Federal grand jury indicted King and
his secretary Constance Harper - who is also a vice president of Don King
Productions Inc. - last December.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Sentencing of Rindge man on tax evasion charges postponed again

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 256 words


Feb. 12--CONCORD -- The sentencing of a Rindge man who's pleaded guilty to
swindling his investors out of roughly $28 million has been rescheduled for
March 10.

This is the fifth time that a U.S. District Court judge has ordered Aaron E.
Olson's sentencing on four tax evasion charges postponed. The latest
postponement comes on the heels of a motion filed by Olson's attorney Kevin E.
Sharkey to withdraw from the case.

Olson, who remains out on bail conditions, was scheduled to be sentenced Tuesday
in Concord. He is now slated to face a judge for his sentencing March 10 and
again on May 26 for a restitution hearing.

Attorneys for both sides met Thursday afternoon with Judge Landya B. McCafferty,
who granted Sharkey's motion to withdraw. Sharkey told McCafferty that attorney
Michael Connolly would now be representing Olson, according to court records.

Olson was charged in early 2014 with understating the federal income taxes he
owed from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000. Olson swindled investors of
his two illegitimate firms -- AEO Associates and KMO Associates -- out of $27.8
million, and diverted $2.6 million of that money for his personal use, according
to court documents.

According to a plea deal, he faces a minimum of 3 1/2  years in prison.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-KN-Sentencing-of-Rindge-man-on-tax-evasion
-charges-postponed-again-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: C,C; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 740 words


Former Olean businessman sentenced for tax evasion

Edmund J. Renaud, a former Olean businessman, was ordered Wednesday by Chief
U.S. District Judge William M. Skretny to serve 15 months in prison on his
guilty plea to tax evasion charges. Renaud, 71, who could have been given a
prison term of up to five years, pleaded guilty Aug. 23.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Gretchen L. Wylegala said Renaud failed to pay
employment taxes from 2002 through 2008 for the businesses he then ran. In 2002
the IRS assessed him for more than $48,000 in unpaid federal payroll taxes on
Southern Tier Moving and Storage Inc., which he was then running in Olean.

After he shut down that business, he ran Southern Tier Moving and Storage, LLC.,
until 2006, failing to pay more than $86,000 in federal payroll taxes for that
business, the government said.

In 2007 Renaud agreed to an offer in compromise with the IRS for payment of only
$1,500 on his payroll tax debt, officials said, but he provided the IRS with
false information about his business activity in that deal, allegedly because he
had become a heavy gambler, apparently losing even the nearly $100,000 he got in
a Workers' Compensation case.

Police arrest driver accused of DWI in high-speed chase

LITTLE VALLEY - The arrest of a South Dayton man for his alleged drunken driving
that led to a car chase at speeds of up to 101 mph by Cattaraugus County
sheriff's deputies last Thursday was announced Wednesday by Sheriff Timothy S.
Whitcomb.Dale A. Sandy, 35, took off on Route 322 in the Town of Dayton after
deputies tried to force him to pull over about 10:45 p.m. He charged through
South Dayton and into Chautauqua County until he was stopped on Route 39 in the
Town of Hanover.After his arraignment in Persia Town Court on charges of driving
while intoxicated, reckless driving, unlawfully fleeing a police officer,
speeding and failing to yield the right of way to an emergency vehicle, he was
sent to Cattaraugus County Jail in lieu of $1,000 bail. He faces further court
proceedings in several weeks.

Traffic stop results in marijuana charges

JAMESTOWN - The arrest of a 33-year-old man from Geneva, Ohio, for possession of
marijuana and driving without use of a seat belt was announced Wednesday by
State Police.

James W. Ray was stopped by troopers Saturday afternoon on the Southern Tier
Expressway in the Town of Ellery after it was observed he was not wearing a seat
belt.

Deputies said marijuana was found in his vehicle.

Dunkirk police make second arrest in holdup

DUNKIRK - The second of two suspects linked to the armed stickup of a Dunkirk
restaurant late last month was arrested Tuesday in Buffalo by agents of the U.S.
Marshall Service, Dunkirk police announced Wednesday.Santos Martinez of Lincoln
Avenue, Dunkirk, was being held Wednesday in the Dunkirk City Jail on two counts
of first-degree robbery for the armed robbery of the Alma Latina Mex Restaurant
on Clifford Drive.His alleged accomplice, Jhensen A. Sanchez, 24, of King
Street, Dunkirk, has been in custody since Dunkirk detectives arrested him Feb.
5. He is also held on two counts of first-degree robbery.

An arrest warrant on Martinez, issued by Dunkirk City Judge Walter Drag, led to
his arrest by the federal agents.

Speeding driver found to have suspended license

WARSAW - A 26-year-old Batavia man arrested by state police for speeding Monday
in the Town of Covington was found to be illegally driving with a license
suspended because he had ignored traffic charges eight prior times in recent
years, officers said.

Jason A. Barnhart was pulled over on State Route 245 after he was reportedly
clocked driving southbound up to 73 mph in a 55 mph zone. He was charged with
speeding and aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle. He faces
further proceedings in Covington Town Court in several weeks.

Police seek witnesses to collision on Thruway exit

Town of Tonawanda police were seeking witnesses Wednesday to the collision of a
van and a pickup truck about 2:30 p.m. Tuesday at the River Road exit of the
Niagara Thruway near Grand Island Boulevard.

Fire department crews used the Jaws of Life to remove a victim from one of the
vehicles, but they have not released her name.

She was reported to be in stable condition Wednesday in Erie County Medical
Center with injuries suffered in the crash.

Anyone with information about the crash is asked to contact Town of Tonawanda
Police Accident Investigation Unit at 879-6613.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 26, 2014 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

'Man in a hurry' sells Cards in 1953 A look back o Fred Saigh was brought down
after income tax evasion charges.

BYLINE:  By Tim O'Neil toneil@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8132

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 515 words


ST. LOUIS o Fred Saigh became an attorney the old-fashioned way, by apprenticing
in a law office. He got his license to practice in 1928 and handled routine
criminal cases.

He briefly owned a company that operated an early version of cigarette machines,
but it went bankrupt.

His first splash was in the mid-1940s, when he was the public face of deals to
buy two downtown retail landmarks - the Railway Exchange, housing Famous-Barr;
and the home of Scruggs-Vandervoort-Barney, two blocks away. Suddenly, the son
of immigrant shopkeepers from northern Illinois had a plush office. Saigh and
his wife, Elizabeth, lived in the Coronado Hotel, 3701 Lindell Bouelvard.

He went big time in 1947, when he arranged to buy the St. Louis Cardinals from
Sam Breadon, the team's owner for 27 years. Saigh's partner was Robert Hannegan
of St. Louis, U.S. postmaster and Democratic national chairman.

Saigh bought out Hannegan two years later. The Cardinals had winning records and
improved attendance and came within a game of the National League pennant in
1949. He battled with baseball commissioner A.B. "Happy" Chandler.

Saigh's own attorney, Robert McRoberts, called him "a man in a hurry."

Trouble was, McRoberts had to use those words before U.S. District Judge Roy
Harper on Jan. 28, 1953, the day Saigh suddenly switched his plea to no contest
on two counts of evading income taxes totaling $19,000. Until that day, Saigh
regularly predicted he'd beat the five-count indictment. He busied himself with
signing a roster for the coming season.

Harper imposed a 15-month sentence. Saigh promised to sell the Cardinals,
saying, "I don't want to embarrass baseball."

But he was defiant about his own honor, even though his plea amounted to an
admission of guilt. Saigh complained to Harper, "I think you have been very
severe with me." Two days later, he told NBC-TV in New York there was "no smell
of fraud" in the case against him. He quickly and prudently apologized to the
judge.

Saigh's place in St. Louis history was salvaged three weeks later, when he
announced his sale of the team to Anheuser-Busch Inc. for $3.7 million. Saigh
said he had interest from groups that wanted to move the team but agreed to sell
to A-B for "fair value."

The brewery soon bought Sportsman's Park from the St. Louis Browns of the
American League. The Browns became the Baltimore Orioles in 1954.

Saigh entered federal prison in Terre Haute, Ind., on May 5 and served six
months. He battled in U.S. Tax Court for three years over his final multiyear
civil liability of $268,099 in tax and penalties. Saigh became a major holder of
A-B stock and a regular critic of brewery president August A. "Gussie" Busch Jr.

Saigh once offered to buy the team back, claiming it was "demoralized" under
Busch's leadership. Saigh's public letter was dated Aug. 20, 1964, three weeks
before the Cardinals made an improbable run to a world championship.

Gussie Busch died in 1989, six years before the brewery sold the team to its
current ownership. Saigh died in 1999 at age 94, claiming to the end that he
saved the Cardinals for St. Louis.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  BACK

GRAPHIC:  Fred Saigh, at right, with (from left) Jane Hadley, Vice President
Alben Barkley and Ruth Coburn at a Cardinals game at Sportsman's Park on Aug.
12, 1949. Hadley and the vice president later married. Coburn was a civic
volunteer and wife of prominent lawyer Richmond Coburn. Post-Dispatch file photo
Fred and Elizabeth Saigh meet entertainer Bob Hope in February 1949 before
appearing together on KSD-TV downtown. Hope later gave a show at Kiel
Auditorium. Elizabeth Saigh, raised in Cuba, Mo., said she had been a big
Cardinals fan befores married her husband, the club owner. She filed for divorce
in 1971. (Post-Dispatch)  Cardinals owner Fred M. Saigh (right) congratulates
pitcher Al Brazle and second-basemen Red Schoendienst (center) after they signed
for the 1953 season. The picture was taken on Jan. 25, 1953, under the headline,
"Big-Money Men with Big-Money Smiles." Three days later, Saigh pleaded no
contest of federal income-tax evasion, and sold the team to Anheuser-Busch three
weeks later. (Post-Dispatch)  Fred M. Saigh (left) speaks with Anheuser-Busch
Co. president August A. "Gussie" Busch Jr. before they announce that Saigh was
selling the St. Louis Cardinals to the brewery. The announcement took place
downtown on Feb. 20, 1953, three weeks after Saigh pleaded no contest to two
federal income-tax evasion. (Edward Burkhardt/Post-Dispatch)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Cook pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Jo Ann Hustis, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Oct. 25--CHICAGO -- Channahon Village President Joe Cook pleaded guilty in
federal court Tuesday to two counts of personal and corporate income tax
evasion.

Cook, 45, is scheduled for sentencing at 10:30 a.m. on Monday, Jan. 17, 2012.

The sentencing guidelines range from six to 12 months imprisonment on each
count, plus whatever supervised release, fine and restitution the court may
decide upon.

Both counts are misdemeanors, and stem from a six-count criminal information
filed in U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, in late August.

The plea agreement was agreed to between U.S. Northern Court District Attorney
Patrick J. Fitzgerald, Cook and his attorney, Candace R. Jackson.

Count One, to which Cook pleaded guilty, carries a maximum prison sentence of
one year, and maximum fine of $100,000, plus court costs at $500 maximum, and
supervised release for up to one year.

Count Five, to which Cook also pleaded guilty, carries a maximum fine and court
costs similar to the first count, and up to 12 months supervised release.

In addition, Cook will be assessed $25 on each of the two counts to which he had
pleaded, along with any other penalty or restitution ordered by the court.

This means Cook is liable for up to two years in prison, maximum fine of
$200,000, mandatory costs of prosecution, supervised release, $50 in special
assessments and any court-ordered restitution.

The sentencing guidelines are not mandatory, but must be considered in
determining a reasonable sentence as per the agreement.

The agreement notes Cook accepted responsibility for his criminal conduct, and
will supply the government with all the financial information it seeks
pertaining to his ability to satisfy any fine or restitution.

This could result in a two-level reduction in the offense level, according to
the agreement.

After Cook is sentenced on Counts One and Five, the government will dismiss the
remaining counts in the criminal information as per the agreement.

Cook was charged in the six-count information with failure to file federal
income tax returns on earnings of $69,700 in 2005; $82,500 in 2006; $60,300 in
2007; and $39,000 in 2008.

Also, with failure to file federal corporate tax returns for 2007 and 2008 on
Phase One Solutions Inc., a consulting company he incorporated in December 2006.

The tax owed is $14,752. Of that, $4,465 is in individual income tax, and
$10,287 in corporate income tax.

Restitution is due immediately, the agreement states.

Cook's personal income for the years named was earned as Channahon village
president, an employee of the Will County Engineering Department, and as project
manager or consultant for private businesses.

He incorporated Phase One Solutions Inc., in December 2006. Phase One, of which
he was sole owner and officer, was a consulting service for private businesses.

Cook earned about $290,000 in gross income from these sources from 2004 through
2008.

___ (c)2011 the Morris Daily Herald (Morris, Ill.) Visit the Morris Daily Herald
(Morris, Ill.) at www.morrisdailyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111025-1MO-Cook-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-1025-20111025

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday

IRS to look into US private equity funds in Korea

BYLINE: By Kim Jae-won

LENGTH: 453 words


Victor Song, who is leading the U.S. Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI) team, said Tuesday that his team is keeping a close watch
over American private equity funds operating in Korea for tax evasion.

'Private equity funds and hedge funds are areas where our interest lies,' said
Song in a news conference at the National Tax Service (NTS) in downtown Seoul,
Tuesday.

Lone Star Funds, the holder of a controlling stake in the Korea Exchange Bank
(KEB), and Carlyle Group, which has reportedly dropped its bid to invest jointly
with Hana Financial for its KEB takeover, are among U.S. private equity and
hedge funds operating in Korea.

Lone Star, a Dallas-based private equity fund, may face another battle with
Korean tax authorities.

The NTS plans to impose taxes on its profits, while Lone Star argues it does not
need to pay them as its main business was done in its affiliate in Belgium,
which has no tax treaty with Korea.

The senior U.S. tax investigator said that both countries share the same vision
'to ferret out tax evasion on both sides.'

The third-generation Korean American from Hawaii said that his organization is
determined to account for overseas tax sources, obviously reflecting growing
U.S. deficits that the government is required to plug.

'We are more interested in U.S. taxpayers overseas,' Song said, asked whether a
closer tab is being given to Korean corporations and individuals who are using
the U.S. as a haven of sorts for untaxed slush funds. Song's visit came at a
time when NTS is stepping up efforts to uncover untaxed overseas assets and
increase tax revenue to 1 trillion won.

NTS said Song is the first chief of the IRS-CI, who visited Seoul officially.
NTS and IRS are strengthening their partnership on international tax evasion
since both sides agreed the Simultaneous Criminal Investigation Program (SCIP)
agreement in August 2010.

'IRS-CI Chief Song came to Seoul to discuss cooperation between the two nations.
We talked about many subjects, including exchanging investigators and sharing
education programs,' said Park Yun-joon, NTS assistant commissioner for
international taxation.

International cooperation is critical in order to prevent tax evasion and
money-laundering attempts, Song said, adding that both countries have joined
hands with international groups such as the Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development and Interpol for that goal.

Song, a Korean American, joined the IRS in 1981 and became a special agent in
Honolulu, Hawaii in 1983. The son of Korean immigrants has been in charge of
numerous IRS-CI offices before becoming a senior executive in 2004. He became
deputy chief in 2007, and took the helm of the division in January 2010.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BEYOND TAMPA BAY

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; BEYOND TAMPA BAY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 368 words


U.S. prosecutors in Miami on Friday dismissed the criminal tax-evasion case
against Swiss bank UBS, effectively taking the bank off probation after it paid
a $780 million fine and agreed to turn over names of thousands of suspected tax
cheats. The filing formally drops tax-evasion conspiracy charges lodged against
UBS in February 2009. At least 10 people have been prosecuted, and the Justice
Department says dozens more are under investigation.

* * *

Orlando-based AirTran Airwayssaid Friday its third-quarter earnings more than
tripled to $36.3 million, mostly due to higher fares. The airline said revenue
rose 12 percent to $667.9 million. While the number of paying passengers was
virtually flat, AirTran's planes were fuller and its average fare per mile rose
almost 12 percent.

* * *

HP, the world's largest computer maker, has unveiled the $799 Slate 500 tablet
computer. Like Apple's iPad, it has a gesture-sensitive touchscreen and no
keyboard. But unlike the iPad, the device is aimed squarely at business users.
The Slate 500 runs Windows 7, the same Microsoft operating system found on
modern PCs. It also has a webcam, memory card slot, ports to plug in headphones
and a USB port for accessories such as a keyboards.

* * *

ABC, CBS and NBC, uneasy about viewers bypassing cable and satellite providers -
and the networks' own websites - to watch their TV shows, have begun blocking
Google TV, a new service designed to make it easy for people to watch
programming online. The networks confirmed that this week they began blocking
Google TV from accessing full-length episodes of prime-time shows, a move aimed
at forestalling the technology giant's entry into the living room.

* * *

"Our customers are cautiously optimistic. It doesn't sound great, but last year
we were flat."

UPS chief executive Scott Davis, projecting the company will handle 430 million
packages globally between Thanksgiving and Christmas, a 7.5 percent increase
from last year

* * *

THE BOTTOM LINE: Verizon Communications, the largest U.S. wireless carrier, said
profit fell 25 percent in the third quarter to $881 million ...Tribune Co. CEO
Randy Michaels resigns amid backlash to reports of raunchy behavior at the media
company

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

AT THE CENTER OF SWISS SECRECY

BYLINE: ROBERT TRIGAUX

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 664 words



HIGHLIGHT: Tampa attorney deals with UBS fallout in United States.


Before boarding a plane to Zurich at the Atlanta airport, Tampa tax attorney
William Sharp paused long enough to muse over the flood of recent news about UBS
AG, the Swiss bankers to the wealthy.

The Internal Revenue Service is pursuing a historic crackdown on rich Americans
hiding taxable money overseas. Suddenly, there's a huge backlog of big-bucks
U.S. citizens eager for Sharp to cut a deal for them to get back in the good
graces of the IRS.

"We're a seven-day-a-week law firm lately," Sharp said Tuesday in a phone
interview before boarding the flight to Switzerland. It's a trip he makes every
month.

"Like a lemon, the government will squeeze you in exchange for more lenient
sentencing," he says. His job is to retain a few drops for wealthy clients via a
temporary tax amnesty program.

For three decades Sharp, 56, has offered tax counsel to wealthy people, U.S.
businesses expanding overseas and foreign firms coming to the United States.
Sharp says he's never seen such media attention, given the steady flow of calls
he gets from the Wall Street Journal,New York Times, and USA Today, among others
in the media. But he understands why.

On Wednesday, after more than a year of international negotiations and federal
arm-twisting, Swiss bank UBS AG agreed to turn over to the IRS the details of
4,450 once-secret accounts suspected of holding undeclared assets by American
customers. The accounts held $18 billion in assets at one time. Many have since
been closed.

The unveiling of those accounts is part of a bigger U.S.-Swiss tax-evasion
settlement and investigation that could produce as many as 10,000 account
identities. UBS reportedly held 52,000 U.S. client accounts.

"This is no mere keyhole into the hidden world of bank secrecy," IRS
Commissioner Doug Shulman said Wednesday. "This agreement represents a major
step forward with the IRS' efforts to pierce the veil of bank secrecy and combat
offshore tax evasion. It's a historic development in our international efforts,
and it helps build a solid foundation for addressing future offshore issues."

Sharp, who now represents more than a few of those 10,000 secret account
holders, agrees. Swiss banking secrecy - at least for Americans - is pretty much
kaput, he says.

Wealthy American clients of UBS used sham corporations set up in havens like
Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands to help evade U.S. taxes. Sharp says
UBS, Switzerland's largest bank, long ago saw the profit potential of pitching
Swiss secrecy to rich Americans easily motivated to hide their taxable assets.
UBS lavished its attentions on the wealthiest parts of the country - especially
affluent retiree havens in Florida like Palm Beach and Naples, as well as in New
York.

Sharp, the named partner of the 15-member Sharp & Associates, PA law firm, calls
UBS' intensive advertising methods "carpet bombing marketing."

Secret bank accounts? International tax evasion? Swiss banking mystique?

"It's been going for at least 20 years," Sharp says, amused, "and nobody cared."

Now they do. Sharp rattles off the recent efforts by the G-20 - the Group of 20
representing the world's largest economies - to crack down on tax evasion, as
well as "new toughness" from the Obama administration and IRS Commissioner
Shulman's priority of pursuing overseas tax havens.

One UBS banker, a 44-year-old American named Bradley Birkenfeld, blew the
whistle on his Swiss employer after he was caught smuggling diamonds in a tube
of toothpaste into the country for a Californian client. Birkenfeld is scheduled
to be sentenced on Friday in Fort Lauderdale.

This all may be just the start. The Wall Street Journal reports wealthy
Americans have identified 10 Swiss and other European banks where their accounts
are held.

That means fresh targets for an IRS motivated to capture every tax dollar it can
find. And for Tampa attorney Sharp, an even bigger backlog of rich Americans
scrambling to make nice with the taxman.

Robert Trigaux can be reached at trigaux@sptimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: William Sharp, a Tampa lawyer, is swamped with work from rich
Americans. PHOTO - Getty Images: UBS has agreed to release details of 4,450
accounts suspected of holding American customers' undeclared assets.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            December 22, 2006 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Utahn gives guilty plea in tax case

BYLINE: Chad Bray Dow Jones Newswires

LENGTH: 301 words


NEW YORK -- A Utah businessman pleaded guilty Thursday to conspiracy and wire
fraud charges in connection with a criminal tax shelter fraud probe over tax
shelters promoted by a group of KPMG LLP executives.

Chandler S. Moisen, 51, of Park City, entered his plea before U.S. District
Judge George B. Daniels at a hearing in federal court in Manhattan on Thursday.

At the hearing, Moisen admitted to participating in a conspiracy to help
individuals avoid paying income taxes.

"I knew this was being done for tax purposes only," Moisen said before entering
his plea.

Moisen is the third person to plead guilty in the case.

David Rivkin, a former KPMG tax partner, pleaded guilty to conspiracy and tax
evasion in March. Domenick DeGiorgio, a former executive at German bank
Bayerische Hypo & Vereinsbank AG, pleaded guilty to fraud, conspiracy and
tax-evasion charges in 2005.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Stanley J. Okula Jr. said Thursday that Moisen is
expected to testify at trial for the government.

Prosecutors have charged 16 former KPMG executives and two others with
conspiracy and tax evasion, alleging they participated in a scheme that allowed
wealthy people to avoid paying billions of dollars in taxes to the Internal
Revenue Service. The case is tentatively set for trial in September 2007.

In August 2005, KPMG agreed to pay $456 million as part of a deferred
prosecution agreement with the government in which it admitted to committing
fraudulent conduct in the design and marketing of certain tax shelters. If it
complies with the agreement, the firm will avoid prosecution.

"Mr. Moisen accepts responsibility for his actions. He has been cooperating and
will continue to be cooperative throughout the process," his lawyer Thomas
Beinert Jr. said afterward. "He looks forward to getting this behind him."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 23, 2006



CORRECTION:    Chandler S. Moisen, who pleaded guilty Thursday in federal court
in New York to charges connected to a criminal tax shelter fraud probe, is from
Laguna Beach, Calif. A wire story that ran in Friday's editions said Moisen
lived elsewhere.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 19, 1989, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Judge to Admit Tax and Drug Charges

BYLINE: By FRANK J. PRIAL

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 469 words


A State Supreme Court justice in the Bronx, William T. Martin, will plead guilty
tomorrow to Federal tax evasion and the use and possession of cocaine, his
lawyer said yesterday.

The tax charges include income-tax evasion for 1985, participating in a tax
conspiracy from 1982 to 1987 and signing a false partnership tax return for
1985. The drug charge involves ''the regular use and possession of cocaine with
his partners and others from 1982 through 1989,'' the defendant's lawyer, Murray
Richman, said.

The partners are Justice Martin's former law partners, Michael Nedick and Mark
Weinstein, both of whom have pleaded guilty to income-tax evasion and were
scheduled to testify against him. The others, Mr. Richman said, are two former
employees who also were ready to testify against Justice Martin, according to
court papers.

Accused of Hiding Cash

In May, Justice Martin, who is 37 years old, was indicted by a Federal grand
jury for tax evasion, perjury and cocaine distribution. The nine-count
indictment said the judge and his former partners had used safe-deposit boxes to
hide cash they received as legal fees, including money from a convicted drug
dealer, James Jackson. Mr. Jackson, who is serving 25 years in prison, also
cooperated with prosecutors.

In the indictment, Justice Martin also was charged with lying to a grand jury
about the source of $50,000 in bail he posted for Mr. Jackson on a drug charge
in Virginia.

Under a plea bargain, Mr. Richman said, Justice Martin will plead guilty to
three tax counts and to the use and possession of cocaine rather than
distribution. If the plea is accepted, the attorney said, the judge is expected
to drop the remaining charges.

Justice Martin is facing a maximum prison term of 13 years on the tax-evasion
counts, his lawyer said, and one year on the drug charge, a misdemeanor.

Justice Martin was nominated in September 1987 and elected two months later in
spite of rumors at the time of a Federal investigation into his activities as a
lawyer representing drug dealers.

'I Supported Him'

He was nominated by a coalition that had seized control of the Bronx Democratic
judicial convention from the regular organization, then embroiled in corruption
scandals.

Justice Martin was supported by Assemblyman G. Oliver Koppell, who said at the
time that he had checked Justice Martin's background with judges, lawyers and
the Bronx District Attorney, Mario Merola, who later died in office.

''I have to admit I supported him,'' Mr. Koppell said yesterday, ''and
unfortunately it was an error.''

Justice Martin is scheduled to appear tomorrow before Judge David N. Edelstein
in Federal District Court in Manhattan.

Since the indictment, he has been suspended with pay - $95,000 a year. He will
lose his judgeship if convicted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Couple accused of tax evasion

BYLINE: Lindell Kay, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


April 03--A Richlands man who declared he is not subject to federal government
rule, along with his wife who teaches at an Onslow County public school, has
been charged with tax evasion.

Robert W. Brownfield, 48, and Mary Brownfield, 40, of Rand Street, had their
first court appearance in Raleigh this week on charges they haven't paid state
income taxes in several years.

Robert Brownfield was charged last week by the N.C. Revenue Department's
Criminal Investigations Division with four counts of willful attempt to evade
taxes, four counts of uttering forged instruments and one count of willful
failure to file income tax returns.

Mary Brownfield was charged with two counts of willful attempt to evade taxes
and three counts of willful failure to file income tax returns.

An investigation by Revenue Special Agent Erik Steuck revealed that the
Brownfields allegedly filed fraudulent N.C. Individual Income Tax Returns from
2004-07 by claiming they had no taxable income when they did. Robert Brownfield
is also accused of forging state tax Form 1099 -- Miscellaneous Income
Statements.

Mary Brownfield is accused of failing to file N.C. Individual Income Tax Return
for 2008, 2009 and 2010. She was employed by the Onslow County Public Schools
during that time, according to a press release from the Revenue Department. She
is a fourth grade teacher at Richlands Elementary School and has been employed
as a teacher by Onslow County Schools for 18 years, according to the school's
website.

Robert Brownfield filed an affidavit with the Onslow County Register of Deeds in
2010 stating he was not a citizen of the United States, but a citizen of the
North Carolina Republic. That organization believes the state was taken from the
people by the U.S. military during Reconstruction. The group works to restore
North Carolina's government to pre-1868 status, according to its website.

As part of the affidavit process to declare his citizenship, Brownfield stated
he was a male of white heritage and withdrew his voter registration. He also
repudiated his social security number, birth certificate, marriage license and
driver's license.

When the Brownfields were arrested March 27, an Onslow County magistrate gave
Robert Brownfield an $81,500 bond. Mary Brownfield was given a $24,500 bond.
They appeared in Wake County District Court on Monday. Their next trial date has
not been set.

The Revenue Department has a Tax Fraud Hotline at 1-800-232-4939. Authorities
encourage anyone to call if they suspect someone they know is defrauding the
state. Tipsters are not required to identify themselves.

Contact Daily News Senior Reporter Lindell Kay at 910-219-8455 or
lindell.kay@jdnews.com Follow him on Twitter and friend him on Facebook @
1lindell.

___ (c)2013 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130403-JN-Couple-accused-of-tax-evasion-0403-20130403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily News


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

U.S. seeks HSBC India client data

BYLINE: BY LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 707 words

ABSTRACT

The request is part of a widening investigation into private services sold by
Swiss and other banks that helped wealthy Americans avoid income taxes by hiding
money offshore.

FULL TEXT

Switzerland. The Caribbean. India?

The world of offshore tax havens has gained a surprising new contender now that
the U.S. Justice Department has asked a district court for permission to compel
HSBC, the global bank based in London, to turn over the names of wealthy
Indian-American clients suspected of evading taxes through offshore accounts at
the bank's affiliate in India.

The request, from the civil tax division of the Justice Department, is part of a
widening investigation into private offshore services sold by Swiss and other
banks that helped wealthy Americans avoid income taxes by hiding money offshore.
The lawsuit is an indication that the U.S. authorities are broadening their
scrutiny to include countries and regions beyond tax havens like Switzerland,
Liechtenstein, Singapore and much of the Caribbean.

India is not usually thought of in that category and does not appear on lists
compiled by research groups and government agencies.

The lawsuit shows that tax evasion ''is not Swiss-centric,'' said Lawrence S.
Horn, a former U.S. prosecutor who now is the chairman of the business crimes
and tax litigation departments at Sills Cummis & Gross, based in Newark, New
Jersey. ''It shows that the I.R.S. is moving east,'' referring to the U.S.
Internal Revenue Service.

The U.S. authorities filed a similar request with UBS, the Swiss banking giant,
in 2008. The government dropped the lawsuit last August after the Swiss
government agreed to turn over the names of 4,450 U.S. clients in connection
with a broad investigation into the bank's offshore private banking services.
The bank also paid $780 million to settle criminal accusations that it had
defrauded the I.R.S. by allowing wealthy Americans to hide billions of dollars
in taxes in secret offshore bank accounts.

Pressure on HSBC, one of the largest banks in the world, threatens to expose
more layers of banking secrecy.

Last July and September, the Justice Department mailed ''target'' letters to
about 50 Indian-Americans with offshore bank accounts, telling them that they
were under scrutiny because of suspicions of offshore tax evasion through
accounts in India, Mr. Horn said.

Credit Suisse and Swiss cantonal banks are also under scrutiny.

The request, made in papers filed Thursday in the U.S. District Court in San
Francisco, seeks to compel HSBC's main U.S. affiliate, HSBC Bank USA, to turn
over details of accounts held by wealthy Americans from 2002 through 2010
through the bank's affiliate in India, HSBC India.

HSBC Bank USA operated representative offices for HSBC India under the name NRI
Services - NRI stands for nonresident Indian - in New York and Fremont,
California, according to court documents. The private banking services were
offered to people of Indian origin living outside India.

In a statement, HSBC said that ''while we haven't seen the summons, HSBC does
not condone tax evasion and fully supports the U.S. efforts to promote
appropriate payment of taxes by U.S. taxpayers.'' It continued, ''While
complying with the law in all the jurisdictions in which it operates, including
India, HSBC cooperates with requests from U.S. authorities.''

The statement added: ''We have been engaged in a constructive dialogue with U.S.
authorities. We hope any 'I.R.S. Summons' issues can be resolved
expeditiously.'' A bank spokeswoman, Juanita Gutierrez, declined to comment
further.

In January, U.S. prosecutors indicted a former HSBC client, Vaibhav Dahake, who
was born in India and became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2006. Mr. Dahake,
according to court papers, told prosecutors that HSBC had sought out wealthy
Indian-Americans for undeclared offshore banking services through NRI Services.
The bank was not identified in the papers but was confirmed at the time as HSBC
by people close to the matter. Mr. Dahake, according to his indictment, told
prosecutors that his banker had told him that no U.S. disclosure forms were
required, that the account was not taxable in India and that no forms reporting
the interest income would be filed with the I.R.S.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 9, 2011 Wednesday

Lima business owner charged

BYLINE: Greg Sowinski, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


Feb. 09--TOLEDO -- A Lima woman who was a bookkeeper at a local business faces
up to 20 years in prison for tax evasion connected to the embezzlement of $1.3
million.

Mary Sprague-McCourt is out on bail after pleading guilty last month to income
tax evasion and mail fraud. A sentencing date has not been set, and prosecutors
will ask the court to order she pay $1.3 million in restitution, the IRS
reported.

Sprague-McCourt, 53, served as the bookkeeper for AWS Properties in Allen
County, which owned and operated hotels in Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
Sprague-McCourt worked for the owner of AWS for 34 years. She was responsible
for processing payroll and paying bills including making payroll tax payments,
the IRS reported.

Sprague-McCourt and her husband owned and operated two businesses in Lima, Allen
County Trophy and Kennedy Graphics.

Between December 2005 and September 2009, Sprague-McCourt wrote herself 338
unauthorized checks totaling $1.3 million. When payroll taxes were due for AWS
she wrote the tax payment checks drawn on the company's bank account and entered
the check numbers and amounts into the company's ledger, the IRS reported.

Sprague-McCourt, however, did not send the payroll checks to the IRS. Instead,
she made the checks payable to herself, drawn on the business account, for the
same amounts as the payroll tax payments. She deposited these checks into her
personal bank account or into the bank accounts of Allen County Trophy or
Kennedy Graphics. She concealed her embezzlement by establishing a post office
box in AWS's name so she could intercept bank statements and IRS correspondence,
the IRS reported.

She also altered AWS bank statements and falsified accounting summaries she sent
to the company's outside accounting firm. When the IRS contacted her about
unpaid payroll taxes, she took out an unauthorized business loan in another
company's name that is owned by an AWS owner and used it to pay AWS payroll
taxes. She forged the signature of the company owner on the loan application,
the IRS reported.

You can comment on this story at www.limaohio.com.

To see more of The Lima News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.limanews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110209-LM-Lima-business-owner-charged-0209-20110209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2011 The Lima News


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Priest Pleaded Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 406  words


Stole Money from Parishioners and Lied to Return Preparer

A priest for the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose pleaded guilty today to four
counts of tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Departments Tax Division, U.S. Attorney
Brian J. Stretch for the Northern District of California and Special Agent in
Charge Michael T. Batdorf for the Internal Revenue Services Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI).

Father Hien Minh Nguyen, 56, admitted that over a period of four years, he stole
money his parishioners donated to the Diocese and willfully evaded paying income
taxes on the money he misappropriated each year from 2008 through 2011.  He
admitted that he deposited this money into his personal bank account, did not
disclose this income to his return preparer, did not keep records of the
donations he stole, and filed false income tax returns which did not report this
money.

Father Nguyen also pleaded not guilty to bank fraud charges.  Those charges are
still pending.

Father Nguyen stole money from his parishioners and filed false returns with the
IRS to evade his income tax obligations, said Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Ciraolo.  The department remains committed to holding all
criminal tax offenders accountable for their illegal conduct, regardless of
their profession.  No one is above the law.

Sentencing on the tax evasion convictions has not been scheduled.  Father Nguyen
faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and monetary
penalties for each tax evasion conviction. Father Nguyens next scheduled
appearance is a status conference on the bank fraud charges currently scheduled
for Aug. 23.  An indictment is merely an allegation and a defendant is presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty in court.  Father Nguyen pleaded guilty
to the tax evasion charges.  He has not pleaded guilty to bank fraud charges and
remains presumed innocent of those charges.

Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Brian J.
Stretch commended special agents of the IRS-CI, who investigated the case and
Trial Attorney Gregory Bernstein of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Thomas Moore of the Northern District of California, who are prosecuting the
case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 22, 2016 Friday

BRIEF: Man pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Terrie Morgan-Besecker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 187 words


Jan. 22--WILLIAMSPORT -- A Lewisburg man already facing charges for health
insurance fraud and environmental crimes pleaded guilty last week to income tax
evasion.

Brian J. Bolus, 45, of Lewisburg, entered the plea before Chief U.S. District
Judge Christopher C. Conner.

Federal prosecutors say Mr. Bolus underreported his income in 2012, resulting in
a tax loss of $139,203 to the government.

In separate cases, Mr. Bolus is awaiting trial in Northumberland County Court on
charges his company, Minuteman Environmental Services, illegally dumped
wastewater from Marcellus Shale drilling operations.

He and his father, Scranton businessman Bob Bolus, are awaiting trial in Montour
County Court on charges of health care insurance fraud and other offenses.

In that case, state prosecutors say the men listed family members as employees
of their various businesses, but they did not perform any services. They then
made medical and pharmacy claims against Geisinger Health Plan.

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160122-YT-BRF-Man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion-0122-20160122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Point Richmond Resident Charged With Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

A Superseding Indictment from a federal grand jury in San Francisco was unsealed
in district court today charging Richard Thomas Grant with tax evasion,
announced United States Attorney Melinda Haag and Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge Thomas McMahon.

According to the indictment, Grant, of Point Richmond, is alleged to have failed
to pay taxes owed for calendar years 2005 through 2009 by, among other things,
concealing assets and income from the IRS. For the years 2005 through 2007,
Grant concealed the nature, extent, and location of his assets by using a
warehouse bank, prepaid debit cards, cashier's checks, and postal money orders.
For 2008 and 2009, Grant received taxable income of $310,129 and $327,729,
respectively and failed to make individual income tax returns and pay income tax
to the IRS. During 2008 and 2009, Grant attempted to conceal from the IRS his
share of partnership income from Grant Engineering by not filing partnership tax
returns and schedules, and concealing his income and assets using cashier's
checks and postal money orders.

Grant was arrested on Friday, Dec. 5, 2014, at his home in Point Richmond,
Calif. and made his initial appearance in federal court in Oakland on the same
day. Grant was release on a $100,000 unsecured bond. Grant's next scheduled
appearance is at 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 9, 2014, for identification of counsel before
the Honorable Kandis A. Westmore, United States District Court Judge.

The maximum statutory sentence for tax evasion, in violation of Title 26 U.S.C.
§ 7201, is five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or twice the intended
gain or loss, whichever is greater. However, any sentence following conviction
would be imposed by the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing
Guidelines and the federal statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18
U.S.C. § 3553.

Colin Sampson is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case. The
prosecution is the result of an investigation by the IRS, Criminal
Investigation.

Please note that an indictment contains only allegations. As with all
defendants, Richard Thomas Grant must be presumed innocent unless and until he
is proven guilty

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2011 Saturday

#2 of 2011: Cook guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Herald Writers, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 527 words


Dec. 31--Channahon Village President Joe Cook pleaded guilty in federal court
Oct. 25 to two counts of personal and corporate income tax evasion.

Cook, 45, is scheduled for sentencing at 10:30 a.m. on Jan. 17, 2012.

The sentencing guidelines range from six to 12 months imprisonment on each
count, plus whatever supervised release, fine, and restitution the court may
decide. Both counts are misdemeanors, and stem from a six-count criminal
information filed in U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois, in late
August.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Brandon Fox represented the federal government in the
case.

The plea agreement was agreed to among U.S. Northern Court District Attorney
Patrick J. Fitzgerald, Cook, and his attorney, Candace R. Jackson.

The agreement notes Cook accepted responsibility for his criminal conduct, and
will supply the government with all the financial information it seeks
pertaining to his ability to satisfy any fine or restitution. This could result
in a two-level reduction in the offense level, according to the agreement.

After Cook is sentenced on Counts One and Five, the government will dismiss the
remaining counts as per the agreement.

Cook was charged in the six-count information with failure to file federal
income tax returns on earnings of $69,700 in 2005; $82,500 in 2006; $60,300 in
2007; and $39,000 in 2008.

Also, with failure to file federal corporate tax returns for 2007 and 2008 on
Phase One Solutions Inc., a consulting company he incorporated in December 2006.

The tax owed is $14,752. Of that, $4,465 is in individual income tax, and
$10,287 in corporate income tax. Restitution was due immediately, the agreement
states.

Cook did not reply to messages left seeking comment after the plea was entered
and since then, has failed to make any statements explaining what led to his
failure to file tax returns nor the resulting charges.

Residents of the village, who re-elected Cook in April, have expressed doubt
since the charges were announced that Cook should finish out his term as village
president. Cook, however, has gone on the record saying he has no intentions of
resigning.

He has been steadfast in that decision despite numerous issues making news in
the village he leads. In late June, the village board opted to not extend a new
contract to the village administrator, Jamie Bowden, and has been operating
since with Joe Pena serving in the dual capacity of acting administrator and
police chief.

In August, the city of Chicago and the Regional Transportation Authority filed
lawsuits against Channahon, as well as Kankakee, alleging sales tax agreements
with various businesses have led to tax money being siphoned away from Chicago
and other taxing bodies in the metropolitan area.

On top of that, the village recently learned a communications tax the board
believed it was only laying the groundwork for earlier this year, will actually
take effect in January, no matter what actions may have been intended to reduce
or prohibit the tax.

___ (c)2011 the Morris Daily Herald (Morris, Ill.) Visit the Morris Daily Herald
(Morris, Ill.) at www.morrisdailyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111231-1MO-2-of-2011-Cook-guilty-of-tax-evasion-1231-20111231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Turning Its Tax Evasion Focus to India, U.S. Seeks Client Names From HSBC Unit

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 871 words


Switzerland. The Caribbean. India?

The world of offshore tax havens gained a surprising new contender on Thursday
when the Justice Department asked a federal court for permission to force HSBC,
the London-based bank, to turn over the names of wealthy Indian-American clients
suspected of evading taxes through offshore accounts at the bank's affiliate in
India.

The request, from the civil tax division of the Justice Department, is part of a
widening investigation into private offshore services sold by Swiss and
Swiss-style banks that helped wealthy Americans avoid income taxes by hiding
money offshore.

The lawsuit is an indication that the federal authorities are broadening their
scrutiny to include countries and regions beyond tax havens like Switzerland,
Liechtenstein, Singapore and much of the Caribbean. India is not usually thought
of in that category and does not appear on lists compiled by research groups and
government agencies.

The lawsuit shows that tax evasion ''is not Swiss-centric,'' said Lawrence S.
Horn, the chairman of the business crimes and tax litigation departments at
Sills Cummis & Gross, based in Newark. ''It shows that the I.R.S. is moving
east.''

Federal authorities filed a similar request on UBS, the Swiss banking giant, in
2008. The government dropped the lawsuit last August after the Swiss government
agreed to turn over the names of 4,450 American clients as part of a broad
investigation into the bank's offshore private banking services. The bank also
paid $780 million to settle criminal accusations that it had defrauded the
I.R.S. by allowing wealthy Americans to hide billions of dollars in taxes in
secret offshore bank accounts.

Pressure on HSBC, one of the world's largest banks, threatens to expose more
layers of Swiss-style banking secrecy, a tradition that began in the Middle Ages
and that has spread around the world.

Last July and September, the Justice Department mailed ''target'' letters to
around 50 Indian-Americans with offshore bank accounts, telling them that they
were under scrutiny for suspected offshore tax evasion through accounts in
India, Mr. Horn said.

Credit Suisse and Swiss cantonal banks are also under scrutiny. Robert Katzberg,
a white-collar criminal defense lawyer in New York, said that the pressure on
HSBC showed that ''the fallout of the UBS scandal, which still has far to go
within Switzerland, has spread to other countries.''

The request, made in court papers filed in the Federal District Court in San
Francisco, seeks to force HSBC's main United States affiliate, HSBC Bank USA, to
turn over details of accounts held by wealthy Americans from 2002 through 2010
through the bank's affiliate in India, HSBC India. Approval from a federal judge
is required before the Internal Revenue Service can issue the summons.

HSBC Bank USA operated representative offices for HSBC India under the name
N.R.I. Services -- N.R.I. stands for Non-Resident Indian -- in New York and
Fremont, Calif., according to court documents. The offshore private banking
services were offered to people of Indian origin living outside of India.

In a statement, HSBC said that ''while we haven't seen the summons, HSBC does
not condone tax evasion and fully supports the U.S. efforts to promote
appropriate payment of taxes by U.S. taxpayers.''

It continued, ''While complying with the law in all the jurisdictions in which
it operates, including India, HSBC cooperates with requests from U.S.
authorities.''

The statement added: ''We have been engaged in a constructive dialogue with U.S.
authorities. We hope any 'I.R.S. Summons' issues can be resolved
expeditiously.'' A bank spokeswoman, Juanita Gutierrez, declined to comment
further.

HSBC is one of the biggest banks for clients from India, China, Hong Kong,
Singapore and elsewhere in the East, according to top tax lawyers. In 2007, the
bank said in a press release announcing the opening of its N.R.I. office in
Fremont, Calif., that it served more than 160,000 non-resident Indians
worldwide.

The release announced a ''new banking solution'' for nonresident Indians ''that
allows the N.R.I. community to conduct cross-border banking transactions.'' In
2003, after the technology bubble, Merrill Lynch estimated that there were
200,000 millionaires of Indian origin in the United States alone, part of the
explosion of wealth among Indians in recent years.

In January, federal prosecutors indicted a former HSBC client, Vaibhav Dahake,
who was born in India and became a naturalized American citizen in 2006. Mr.
Dahake, according to court papers, told prosecutors that HSBC had sought out
wealthy Indian-Americans for undeclared offshore banking services through N.R.I.
Services. The bank was not identified in the papers but was confirmed at the
time as HSBC by people close to the matter.

Mr. Dahake, according to his indictment, told prosecutors that his banker had
told him that no United States disclosure forms were required, that the account
was not taxable in India and that no forms reporting the interest income would
be filed with the I.R.S.

Holding a foreign or offshore account is legal, but American citizens and
residents must file annual disclosures with the I.R.S. for accounts with more
than $10,000.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 23, 2010 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Citing bank's cooperation, U.S. drops case against UBS over tax evasion

BYLINE: David Voreacos

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 435 words


The Justice Department has dismissed a landmark criminal case against UBS that
prompted the bank to admit it helped Americans evade taxes.

Prosecutors said Friday that UBS, the largest Swiss bank, complied with an
18-month agreement signed in February 2009 that had deferred prosecution on a
charge of conspiring to defraud the United States by helping 17,000 Americans
hide accounts from the Internal Revenue Service.

As part of the agreement, UBS paid $780 million, admitted fostering tax evasion
from 2000 to 2007 and handed over account data on more than 250 U.S. clients,
piercing the veil of Swiss bank secrecy. UBS later turned over information on
4,450 more accounts. Prosecutors said UBS honored its pledge to end its
cross-border business and cooperate with the government.

"The United States agreed that if UBS AG fully complied with all of its
obligations," the case would be dismissed, Justice Department lawyers said in a
motion in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. "The United States believes
that dismissal is appropriate."

The UBS case has been a centerpiece in a U.S. crackdown on offshore tax evasion.
Since the deferred-prosecution agreement, the Justice Department has filed
criminal charges against 17 UBS clients in the United States, two UBS bankers
and three others accused of aiding tax evasion. At least 150 other people are
under criminal investigation, the Justice Department has said.

"This case was the end of bank secrecy in Switzerland," said Robert Fink, a tax
attorney. "It was the most significant tax case as far as revenues are concerned
in U.S. history."

One day after signing the deferred-prosecution agreement, the U.S. government
sued the bank, seeking data on 52,000 Swiss accounts. UBS settled that case in
August 2009, agreeing to hand over as many as 4,500 names to the Swiss
government to review before passing them to the IRS.

In addition, about 15,000 Americans voluntarily reported secret offshore
accounts to the IRS last year after the agency offered to reduce certain
penalties and not seek criminal charges.

The criminal probe of UBS gained steam in 2007 when a former private banker,
Bradley Birkenfeld, told U.S. authorities how he and his colleagues came to the
United States to woo rich Americans, managed $20 billion of their assets, and
helped them cheat the IRS. Birkenfeld is serving a 40-month prison term.

UBS admitted that as many as 60 Swiss-based private bankers came to the United
States annually to seek clients and help them set up sham offshore companies in
tax havens that included Panama, Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands.

- Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                   L2 Edition

* Bruce Springsteen will be closing Giants Stadium. The rocker told fans at the

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 456 words


* Bruce Springsteen will be closing Giants Stadium. The rocker told fans at the
nearby Izod Center on Thursday, May 21, that he and his "wrecking crew," the E
Street Band, will be the final musical act before the stadium is demolished
after the 2009 football season. Three shows are scheduled on Wednesday, Sept.
30; Friday, Oct. 2; and Saturday, Oct. 3. Tickets will go on sale Monday, June
1. Springsteen has sold-out 44 concerts at the center and 16 at Giants Stadium,
making him the area's top-selling artist.

* Federal prosecutors dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge
against two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister on
Friday, May 22, clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once
threatened to derail his career. Castroneves, 34, and the pole sitter for
Sunday's Indy 500, and his 35-year-old sister, Katiucia, were acquitted of other
tax evasion charges by a jury April 17. His tax lawyer, Alan Miller, of
Michigan, also was cleared of all wrongdoing.

The jury failed to agree on the conspiracy charge, resulting in a mistrial on
that count. Now prosecutors have decided not to pursue a retrial on that charge,
which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years. Castroneves, one of Indy
racing's most popular and successful drivers, vaulted to even greater worldwide
fame by winning TV's "Dancing With The Stars" competition in 2007.

* The 2009 MTV Movie Awards pays tribute to Ben Stiller with the "MTV Generation
Award" for his contribution to Hollywood and for entertaining the MTV audience
for years. Ben Stiller's his latest film, "Night at the Museum: Battle at the
Smithsonian," opened Friday, May 22. The "MTV Generation Award" is the MTV Movie
Awards' highest honor, acknowledging an actor who has captured the attention of
the MTV audience throughout his or her career. Hosted by Andy Samberg, the 2009
MTV Movie Awards will be broadcast live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in
Universal City, Calif., at 8 p.m. Sunday, May 31, on MTV.

* Clay Aiken is no fan of Adam Lambert. The "American Idol" also-ran has blasted
this season's runner-up on his Web site, mocking Lambert's rendition of "Ring of
Fire" as "contrived," "awful" and "slightly frightening." According to Aiken, he
tunes into the show about once a season -- and this year, he caught Lambert's
take on Johnny Cash and thought his ears would bleed. But wait -- there's more.
Aiken aims his vitriol on "Idol" itself. He thinks the series showed bias for
Lambert over eventual champ Kris Allen and has focused on "slick productions and
polished contestants" rather than raw talent. Aiken lost out to Ruben Studdard
in 2003. He's since released several albums, appeared on Broadway and publicly
confirmed he's gay.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Bruce Springsteen performs with the E Street band
during their "Working on a Dream tour" Thursday, May 21, in East Rutherford,
N.J.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Watchdog abandons Hogan chase

BYLINE: PAUL MILLAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 349 words


AUSTRALIA'S crime watchdog has failed to put the bite on Crocodile Dundee star
Paul Hogan and his manager over alleged tax evasion, saying there are
"insufficient prospects of securing convictions". The Australian Crime
Commission has been investigating Hogan for five years for tax evasion but said
yesterday that it was not in the public interest to continue. It has also
dropped an investigation into Hogan's manager, John Cornell. "This decision has
been made following a careful process, including obtaining high-level legal
advice on some issues," the commission said.

"On the material presently available to the ACC, including documents recently
obtained as a result of overseas inquiries, the ACC has concluded that there are
insufficient prospects of securing convictions to justify continuing with its
investigation at this time." Hogan's lawyer, Andrew Robinson, said the
California-based star was overseas and he had not been able to contact him to
share the news. "He will learn about it when he reads it in the newspapers," he
said. However, the lawyer said a civil case against Hogan, 71, by the Australian
Tax Office was continuing. His client had always denied any wrongdoing. "As far
as we are concerned they have lodged assessments and we have lodged objections,"
Mr Robinson said. Once the face of Australia overseas, the actor was in August
prevented from leaving the country because of alleged unpaid tax debts. Hogan
was in Australia to attend his mother's funeral when he was served with a
departure prohibition order, stopping him from leaving until the alleged debts
were paid. The order was served under the Tax Administration Act. Two weeks
later he was allowed to return to Los Angeles where he lives with his wife,
Linda Kozlowski, and their son, Chance. The investigation of Hogan's affairs is
part of Operation Wickenby, a crackdown on offshore tax havens, which claimed
the scalp of music entrepreneur Glenn Wheatley, who was sentenced to 2Â½ years'
jail, with a 15-month minimum. Wheatley was jailed in July 2007 for avoiding
$318,092 in tax, which he later repaid.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 9, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Strawberry and Agent Indicted on Charges of Income Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By CLAIRE SMITH

SECTION: Section B;     Page 9;     Column 2;     Sports Desk

LENGTH: 566 words


During spring training in 1989, when major league baseball invited I.R.S. and
F.B.I. agents to counsel players on the responsibilities of reporting income
from card shows, the lesson came too late for Pete Rose. He landed in Federal
prison the next year for filing false returns.

Yesterday it became apparent that the lesson may have come too late for Darryl
Strawberry.

The former Mets and Dodgers outfielder, whose career has been marked by more
pitfalls than unabashed success, was indicted along with his agent, Eric
Goldschmidt, by a Federal grand jury on charges of income tax evasion and
conspiracy.

According to the 20-page indictment, the pair failed to report approximately
$500,000 in income Strawberry earned through promotions and endorsements at card
shows and other personal appearances throughout New York, at which he often
demanded to be paid in cash.

If convicted, Strawberry and Goldschmidt each face a maximum penalty of five
years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine (or twice the gross loss to the
Government, whichever is greater) for each count.

They are scheduled to be arraigned on the charges Wednesday at the Federal
Courthouse in White Plains.

Strawberry, now a member of the San Francisco Giants, was in California
yesterday and not present when the indictment was handed down. John Tigue Jr., a
lawyer who represents Strawberry, said the player had denied the charges "and
will plead not guilty at the arraignment next Wednesday."

Strawberry, 32, is the most prominent figure in baseball to have been charged by
the Federal Government since Rose, the game's career leader in hits, was
indicted after baseball initiated an investigation into his gambling habits and
banned him as a result of the findings. Rose pleaded guilty to filing false
income tax returns in 1990 and served a five-month sentence in a Federal prison
camp.

The Government, which pursued Rose for approximately a year, spent three years
investigating the charges against Strawberry, according to Loretta C. Argrett,
an assistant attorney general with the Justice Department's tax division.

The indictment was announced by Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney for
the Southern District of New York. In it are specific places and dates between
1986 and 1990 when Strawberry is alleged to have earned approximately $945,000
for autograph signings, appearances and product endorsements. According to the
indictment, Strawberry reported approximately $442,000 of that income on his
Federal tax returns, evading about $146,000 in income taxes.

In addition to the conspiracy charge, Strawberry and Goldschmidt are charged
with two counts of income tax evasion in connection with Strawberry's 1988 and
1989 tax returns. Goldschmidt, 35, a lawyer from San Diego and Strawberry's
agent since 1988, prepared Strawberry's 1988 income tax return and assisted in
preparing his 1989 and 1990 returns, according to the indictment.

The indictment was brought in the Federal district where a significant amount of
the personal appearance income was made at shows in Middletown, Poughkeepsie,
Mount Kisco, Newburgh and Manhattan, according to White.

The Federal charges are a continuation of the personal and legal troubles that
have plagued old Strawberry. He has had run-ins with the law on charges of
spousal abuse and has been in rehabilitation twice, for alcohol and substance
abuse.

NAME: Darryl Strawberry; Eric Goldschmidt

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Sports Digest

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S05

LENGTH: 434 words


INDIANAPOLIS

Auto Racing

Trial forces Castroneves out of Penske driver seat

Helio Castroneves is being replaced on Team Penske by Australian driver Will
Power - at least until the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner's tax evasion trial
is resolved.

Castroneves has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy and tax evasion
involving about $5.5 million (U.S.) in income stashed in offshore accounts. He
is scheduled to go to trial in Miami on March 2, just over a month before the
IndyCar season begins.

Tennis

Djokovic beats Mathieu at Sydney International

Top-seeded Novak Djokovic easily beat Paul-Henri Mathieu of France 6-1, 6-2
today at the Sydney International.

Also yesterday, No.3 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France beat Simone Bolelli of Italy
6-4, 6-1, and David Nalbandian beat Michael Llodra of France 6-1, 6-3.

Croatia's Mario Ancic beat seventh-seeded Tommy Robredo of Spain 6-2, 6-1 and
next plays Djokovic in the quarter-finals.

Federer wastes no time disposing of Moya

Roger Federer needed only 57 minutes for a 6-2, 6-3 win over Carlos Moya today
to begin his final tuneup tournament for the Australian Open.

Federer, bidding to match Pete Sampras' record 14 Grand Slam singles titles, was
off target with some forehands initially but quickly found his rhythm.

Football

Ex-CFLer Smith applies for parole in HIV case

Former Saskatchewan Roughrider football player Trevis Smith is applying for his
first shot at freedom since he was sent to prison for knowingly exposing women
to the virus that causes AIDS.

One ex-girlfriend who will be attending the National Parole Board hearing today
said she plans to ask the board to keep Smith, who was convicted of two counts
of aggravated sexual assault, behind bars for his full six-year sentence.

Smith, an inmate at the Saskatchewan Penitentiary, is seeking full parole
status. If granted, he would be released on Feb.25.

Basketball

Knicks centre Curry sued by former driver

A man who worked as a driver for Eddy Curry is suing the New York Knicks centre,
alleging Curry owes him money, sexually harassed him and berated him with racist
slurs. Curry denied the allegations.

Dave Kuchinsky alleges in the lawsuit filed Monday in U.S. District Court in
Manhattan that Curry owes him $98,000 (U.S.) in back pay and expenses.

Skiing

Therer completes golden giant slalom sweep

Mariannick Therer of St-Sauveur, Que., posted a second straight win in the
women's giant slalom yesterday at the Pontiac GMC Cup ski competition.

Therer posted a two-run time of two minutes 3.92 seconds. Stephanie Marcil of
Westmount, Que., was second with Maude Longtin of Laval, Que., finishing third.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Former Acton town official to serve six months for tax evasion

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 313 words


ALFRED, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was sentenced Friday to three
years in prison, with all but six months suspended and two years probation,
according to a spokesman for the Maine attorney general's office.


A jury found him guilty of 19 counts of tax evasion in September.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012. He also was convicted of homestead exemption fraud.


After an eight-day trial in York County Superior Court, the jury found Weymouth
evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents that he lived and operated a
business in New Hampshire, Maine Attorney General Janet Mills said in September.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee. He also operated R.W. Construction
Co., a snowplow and excavation business that plowed roads for the town of Acton,
Mills said.


But for tax purposes, Weymouth claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


Weymouth evaded Maine and federal income taxes during certain years between 2006
through 2012 by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said in September.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were not stored in Maine.


Weymouth paid about $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial.


Tim Feeley, spokesman for the Maine attorney general's office, said Friday that
Weymouth paid all of his tax obligations in full prior to trial, so no
restitution was ordered.


BDN staff reporter Dawn Gagnon contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Former Acton town official to serve six months for tax evasion

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 313 words


ALFRED, Maine -- A former town official from Acton was sentenced Friday to three
years in prison, with all but six months suspended and two years probation,
according to a spokesman for the Maine attorney general's office.


A jury found him guilty of 19 counts of tax evasion in September.


Richard Weymouth, 67, was found guilty of income, sales and use tax evasion from
2006 through 2012. He also was convicted of homestead exemption fraud.


After an eight-day trial in York County Superior Court, the jury found Weymouth
evaded taxes by falsely claiming on tax documents that he lived and operated a
business in New Hampshire, Maine Attorney General Janet Mills said in September.


Weymouth is a resident of Acton, where he was elected to several terms on the
town's budget committee and road committee. He also operated R.W. Construction
Co., a snowplow and excavation business that plowed roads for the town of Acton,
Mills said.


But for tax purposes, Weymouth claimed to reside with his mother in Rochester,
New Hampshire, and used a post office box in Milton Mills, New Hampshire.


Weymouth evaded Maine and federal income taxes during certain years between 2006
through 2012 by failing to report most of the income he earned from his
business, Mills said in September.


In addition, he evaded state sales and use taxes on his purchases of several
trucks and heavy equipment for his business by falsely claiming in tax documents
that he was a legal resident of New Hampshire and that his trucks and equipment
were not stored in Maine.


Weymouth paid about $42,000 in back Maine taxes -- including tax, interest and
penalties -- as he was going to trial.


Tim Feeley, spokesman for the Maine attorney general's office, said Friday that
Weymouth paid all of his tax obligations in full prior to trial, so no
restitution was ordered.


BDN staff reporter Dawn Gagnon contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

Jamieson's tax evasion trial scheduled for April;
The former legislative committee chairman was indicted in 2009.

SECTION: Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 181 words


ATLANTA - A former legislative committee chairwoman learned Friday that she will
go to trial in April on state charges of tax evasion that have been pending
against her for more than a year.

Ex-Rep. Jeanette Jamieson, D-Toccoa, was indicted in July 2009 by a Fulton
County grand jury on two counts of tax evasion. Each count carries a possible
sentence of up to five years in prison and a fine of up to $100,000.

Jamieson had already been defeated by Republican Michael Harden the previous
year. At one time, she had chaired the House Education Committee.

She earned her living preparing other people's taxes, but prosecutors allege she
didn't withhold taxes from all of her own income in 2006 and 2007 and that she
filed no state returns on her personal income those years.

During a brief status hearing Friday morning with prosecutors and Jamieson's
defense attorney, Fulton Superior Court Judge Michael Johnson determined that
her case will go to trial in April.

Jamieson says she is not guilty and claims in court papers that she is a victim
of selective prosecution because of politics.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Jamieson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday

Ex- CEO charged with fraud, evasion Ex-CEO faces tax evasion charges

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 301 words


An Orinda man has been indicted on mail fraud and tax evasion charges, with
federal prosecutors claiming he snookered people into investing in his Livermore
startup company as he embezzled and lived high on the hog.

John Frances Griffin, 43, was arrested in May after a former Contra Costa County
prosecutor who had gone to work for VaporTech Inc. ferreted out the CEOs alleged
misdeeds.

VaporTech develops steam, vapor and high-pressure technology for uses such as
cleaning toxic soil or forcing oil from wells.

An indictment handed up last week by a federal grand jury in Oakland claims
Griffin from 2004 to 2006 falsely told investors he had loaned $275,000 to his
own company in order to entice them to invest as well. He also allegedly told
VaporTech employees he had put about

$1 million into the company, when in fact he was saying so to cover his own
embezzlement.

Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of items Griffin bought with the
companys cash, including a

$30,359 diamond ring; a

$3,425 gold tennis bracelet; two televisions worth more than

$3,700 each; and more than

$17,000 worth of clothing from Nieman Marcus.

Charged in May with three counts of mail fraud, the indictment filed Thursday
adds two counts of tax evasion. Griffin allegedly dodged his federal income
taxes in 2004 and 2005 by failing to give VaporTechs chief financial officer his
Social Security number, cashing his salary checks instead of depositing them and
using cash and cashiers checks to prevent his income from being detected.

Griffin is in the custody of a halfway house and is scheduled to be arraigned on
the new indictment Friday. Each mail fraud count is punishable by up to 20 years
in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000 plus restitution; each tax
evasion count is punishable by up to five years and $250,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Page2People

BYLINE: Compiled by Dan Beynon

SECTION: Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 492 words


PIERCE HAPPY DOING MUSICALS, IN NO HURRY TO RETURN TO TV

Two years after Frasier ended its 11-season run, David Hyde Pierce says he's in
no rush to get back on another TV show -- at least while he can still sing and
dance. Pierce, 47, has found a new home doing musical theater -- something he
was only able to dabble in during hiatuses in the hit sitcom's run. "I love
doing this. I don't envisage going back to television any time soon," Pierce
told AP Radio in a recent interview. "But I also know there's going to come a
time when I'm not going to have the energy to be able to do musicals." Pierce
performed last year in the hit Broadway musical Monty Python's Spamalot. He's
now starring in Curtains, a musical comedy by John Kander and Fred Ebb that
opened in July at the Ahmanson Theater at the Music Center in Los Angeles.

WINFREY'S YOUTH CLUB OPENS BACK HOME

Oprah Winfrey's new youth club opened Tuesday, a day after she returned to her
native Kosciusko, Miss., to dedicate the 32,000-square-foot facility she helped
sponsor. "What I have learned is you dream a big dream and you hand that dream
over to a power that is greater than yourself. I call it God," Winfrey told
about 400 people Monday at the dedication of The Oprah Winfrey Boys & Girls Club
of Kosciusko Attala County. Winfrey thanked her father, Vernon Winfrey, and her
grandmother Hattie Mae Lee, who raised her in Kosciusko. Winfrey said her father
understood the importance of education.

ISLEY GETS 3 YEARS FOR TAX EVASION

Ronald Isley has been sentenced to three years and one month in prison for tax
evasion. The 65-year-old R&B singer was also ordered to pay $3.1 million in back
taxes to the Internal Revenue Service, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Conte
said. Isley was convicted last year of five counts of tax evasion and one count
of willful failure to file a tax return. During Friday's hearing, defense
attorney Anthony Alexander argued that Isley should receive probation instead of
prison time because of complications from a stroke and a recent bout with kidney
cancer. Alexander also pleaded for leniency because Isley had been attempting to
pay down his IRS debt. But U.S. District Judge Dean Pregerson declined to
sentence Isley to less time than called for under federal guidelines. "The term
serial tax avoider has been used. I think that's appropriate," Pregerson said.
During the trial, prosecutors said Isley, lead singer of The Isley Brothers,
avoided paying taxes numerous times in the past three decades.

BIRTHDAYS

Comedian JoAnne Worley is 69; country singer David Allen Coe, 67; rock
singer-musician Roger Waters (Pink Floyd), 63; actress Swoosie Kurtz (Huff), 62;
comedian-actress Jane Curtin (Saturday Night Live), 59; actor-comedian Jeff
Foxworthy, 48; ABC News correspondent Elizabeth Vargas, 44; country singer Mark
Chesnutt, 43; actress Rosie Perez (Lackawanna Blues), 42; rhythm-and-blues
singer Macy Gray, 36; rapper Noreaga, 29; rapper Foxy Brown, 27.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Pierce Mug: Winfrey Mug: Isley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                          November 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Second Edition

Watchdog abandons Hogan chase on taxes

BYLINE: PAUL MILLAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 422 words


AUSTRALIA'S crime watchdog has failed to put the bite on Crocodile Dundee star
Paul Hogan and his manager over alleged tax evasion, saying there are
"insufficient prospects of securing convictions". The Australian Crime
Commission has been investigating Hogan for five years for tax evasion but said
yesterday that it was not in the public interest to continue. It has also
dropped an investigation into Hogan's manager, John Cornell. "This decision has
been made following a careful process, including obtaining high-level legal
advice on some issues," the commission said.

"On the material presently available to the ACC, including documents recently
obtained as a result of overseas inquiries, the ACC has concluded that there are
insufficient prospects of securing convictions to justify continuing with its
investigation at this time." Hogan's lawyer, Andrew Robinson, said he had not
been able to contact the California-based star, who is overseas. "He will learn
about it when he reads it in the newspapers," he said. But the lawyer said a
civil case against Hogan, 71, by the Australian Tax Office was continuing. His
client had always denied any wrongdoing. "As far as we are concerned they have
lodged assessments and we have lodged objections," Mr Robinson said. Once the
face of Australia overseas, the actor was prevented from leaving the country in
August because of alleged unpaid tax debts. Hogan was in Australia to attend his
mother's funeral when he was served with a departure prohibition order, stopping
him from leaving until the alleged debts were paid. The order was served under
the Tax Administration Act. Two weeks later he was allowed to return to Los
Angeles where he lives with his wife, Linda Kozlowski, and their son, Chance.
The investigation of Hogan's affairs is part of Operation Wickenby, a crackdown
on offshore tax havens, which claimed the scalp of music entrepreneur Glenn
Wheatley, who was sentenced to 2Â½ years' jail, with a 15-month minimum.
Wheatley was jailed in July 2007 for avoiding $318,092 in tax, which he later
repaid. Wheatley admitted, on his release, that he knew of others who avoided
tax by using offshore accounts, but he did not condone the practice. It was
reported that in 2005 details of Hogan's financial affairs were leaked to the
press and allegations were aired that he had a complex system of offshore trusts
to hide $40 million from the Taxation Office. In 2008, asked if he had paid all
his taxes in Australia, Hogan said: "Yeah, totally. More than I should have."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Paul Hogan: Civil case continues.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     July 3, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Trader fined for tax evasion: He made an 'honest mistake,' says his lawyer

BYLINE: ANDREW MCINTOSH; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F1 / BREAK

LENGTH: 639 words


A veteran Montreal stock trader who failed to declare a capital gain after
selling his shares in the former McNeil Mantha Inc. brokerage firm to RBC
Dominion Securities has pleaded guilty to charges of tax evasion.

Barry Taylor, who lives in the Cowansville area, was fined $ 25,500 during a
brief appearance before Quebec Court Judge Yvon Roberge last Friday in
Cowansville.

A floor trader with 20 years' experience, Taylor must also pay Revenue Canada an
additional $ 116,000, representing unpaid taxes of $ 42,879 plus penalties and
interest on his undeclared capital gains.

Taylor was charged this year, after a special probe by federal tax authorities
last year.

Government investigators found that Taylor failed to declare income from two
sources in relation to the 1991 takeover of McNeil Mantha by RBC Dominion
Securities, where he currently works:

- A capital gain of $ 155,377 he generated by the sale of his stake in McNeil
Mantha.

- Interest income on payments of $ 6,759 that he received from the two firms.

Taylor's lawyer, Paul Ryan, said yesterday that the stock trader was embarrassed
by the whole affair.

"Basically, he made an honest mistake and decided not to fight it and simply
plead guilty," Ryan said.

The lawyer said his client wrongly thought that because his capital gain was
less than the $ 500,000 tax-exemption ceiling which then existed under federal
law, he didn't have to report it in his income-tax return.

"He even had other trading losses he could have applied to reduce the gain, but
he simply misunderstood the rules and didn't report anything," Ryan said. "He's
really feeling bad about it."

Ryan said that Taylor could have fought the charges and sought to retroactively
invoke and claim the capital-gains exemption, but it would have triggered a long
and perhaps costly legal dispute.

Ryan said Taylor has already paid $ 100,000 to Revenue Canada and will pay the
rest soon.

Taylor has a year to pay his $ 25,500 fine or he will spend 12 months in jail.

statesman at 38, helmed the proceedings with separate sets.

They had help from guests Ellis and Branford Marsalis and singer Kevin Mahogany.
They had the 25th anniversary of Armstrong's death and ascension, and the sad
reminder of Ella Fitzgerald's recent passing for inspiration. Finally, they had
the task of summarizing and reinterpreting the concept of what a critic once
called "forward-propelling directionality."

Swing.

From the outset, the stars in that jazz firmament were in line - New Orleans
second-line, the music the Grand Marshall led as a brass band made its way up
Ste. Catherine St., passing the new Baton Rouge restaurant terrace for a touch
of serendipity.

They played a sombre Summertime, picked up by the P.A. and in film images of
Ella and Louis dueting on the walls and video screens.

Payton led his band out and set a tone that may have forever altered the
thinking behind these events.

Payton and tenor saxophonist Tim Warfield bopped through solos in Lil' Liza
Jane, Payton meditated on When the Saints Go Marchin' In. Applause from the
crowd was warm, the mood was gentle and the music was forward-propelling
directionality played to a massive audience with fireworks that included the
brass variety.

Sound could have been louder, but the vibe could not have been healthier.
Crescent City piano patriarch Ellis Marsalis joined Payton for Struttin' With
Some Barbecue.

Later, Leroy Jones called out "my homeboy from New Orleans," Branford Marsalis
for funky trumpet/sax exchanges on When My Dreamboat Comes Home. Mahogany, male
jazz voice of the moment, drove home Armstrong's populist side with What
aWonderful World.

All the families were represented, especially Louis Armstrong's favorite,
the110,000-strong one keeping the peace and the memory alive.


LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 22, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Helmsleys Plead Not Guilty to Evading U.S. Taxes

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 369 words


Harry and Leona Helmsley, whose hotel and real-estate holdings are valued at $5
billion, pleaded not guilty yesterday to Federal charges of income-tax evasion
and extortion.

They were released without bail, as they were last week when they were arraigned
on similar state income-tax evasion charges.

Judge John M. Walker Jr. of Federal District Court in Manhattan set May 29 for
scheduling their trial, which prosecutors said yesterday would probably precede
the state trial.

While waiting to be arraigned in a crowded first-floor courtroom, the Helmsleys
chatted quietly and smiled a lot. This contrasted with their manner at the state
arraignment last week, when both appeared visibly upset.

The state and Federal indictments charge the couple with evading more than $4
million in income taxes by fraudulently charging millions of dollars in
renovations and furnishing at their $11 million Greenwich estate to their hotel
and real-estate companies. $1 Million Dance Floor The indictments charge the
Helmsleys with billing such luxuries as a $1 million marble dance floor atop an
enclosed swimming pool as a business expense and fraudulently deducting the cost
from their Federal income tax.

In addition, the indictment charges that as a part of a conspiracy, Mrs.
Helmsley and Frank J. Turco, a former financial aide, extorted ''money from
certain employees in the Helmsley organization under the expressed or implied
threat that the employees would lose their jobs if they did not pay.''

A law-enforcement official who declined to be identified said, ''Mrs. Helmsley
gouged money from employees and threatened them with dismissal if they didn't
fork over.''

Kickbacks Charged

Extortion carries a maximum penalty of 20 years imprisonment.

Law-enforcement officials declined to identify the employees involved, and
Stephen E. Kaufman, a lawyer for the Helmsleys, declined comment.

The indictment also said Mrs. Helmsley and Mr. Turco conspired to extort
''kickbacks'' from suppliers and contractors seeking business at the Greenwich
estate or from the Helmsleys's companies, by threatening ''that the business of
the Helmsley organiation would be withheld unless such kickbacks were paid.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                              June 7, 2002, Friday

EXPANDING TYCO INQUIRY TARGETS COMPANY SPENDING ON EXECUTIVES

BYLINE: BY LAURIE P COHEN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5

LENGTH: 79 words


Manhattan District Attorney's office, following up tax-evasion indictment of
former Tyco International Ltd chief exec L Dennis Kozlowski, is pursuing broader
investigation into whether Tyco repeatedly use company funds to by homes and
artwork for several company officers without disclosing it to shareholders; may
seek to indict company and its officers on charges ranging from income-tax
evasion to fraudulent accounting; details of case against Kozlowski; graph (L)

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

GRAPHIC: Graph

              Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Johnstown businessman gets four years probation for tax evasion

BYLINE: Patrick Buchnowski, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


Aug. 13--A Johnstown businessman was sentenced in federal court Thursday to four
years probation for income tax evasion.

U.S. District Judge Kim R. Gibson also ordered David J. Murphy, 68, owner of
David J. Murphy Real Estate, to pay a $25,000 fine and perform 100 hours of
community service.

Choked with emotion, Murphy expressed remorse.

"I accept responsibility," he said.

"I'm truly sorry."

Murphy earlier pleaded guilty to four counts of filing false income tax returns,
failing to pay $140,834 in taxes.

He has since repaid the government $289,534.19, including interest and
penalties.

Four people testified as character witnesses for Murphy. Defense attorney
Timothy Leventry called Murphy a solid citizen who was honorably discharged from
the Army National Guard.

"He always had a very good reputation for what he did," Leventry said.

"He operated a very successful business for 48 years."

Assistant U.S. Attorney John Valkovci said Murphy deceived the taxpayers.

"He admittedly, knowingly, willfully with specific intent violated the law," he
said. "(Murphy) lied on his income tax return not once, but for four consecutive
years."

Patrick Buchnowski is a reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be reached at
532-5061. Follow him on Twitter @PatBuchnowskiTD.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150813-JO-Johnstown-businessman-gets-four-years-probation-for-
tax-evasion-0813-20150813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 14, 2006 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

Campbell likely to lose his law license;
As convicted felon, ex-mayor also will be unable to vote

BYLINE: BILL TORPY

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 548 words


Former Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell's law license will almost certainly be
suspended in his current home state of Florida and in Georgia after convictions
on federal tax evasion charges.

The politician who considered himself a lifelong civil rights warrior will even
lose his right to vote.

Campbell's Florida law license will be automatically suspended once U.S.
District Judge Richard Story sentences him, said Tony Boggs, legal director for
the Florida Bar. Campbell, who was found guilty Friday on three counts of tax
evasion, will be sentenced within several months and faces possible
imprisonment.

The former mayor can petition to have his Florida license reinstated. If he
does, attorneys for the bar will then investigate the matter and determine if
the discipline should be a longer suspension or disbarment.

Campbell has worked for Willie Gary in Stewart, Fla., for three years. If
suspended, he could still work in a limited capacity with a law firm.

"He'd be treated as a nonlawyer," Boggs said. "He couldn't have direct client
contact. He couldn't interview clients. He could be in a room with a client but
only as an observer with an eligible attorney."

Gary could not be reached for comment Monday.

Campbell's attorney, Michael Coleman, said on V-103 radio Monday that his client
realizes the tax fraud conviction has "very serious consequences."

"The mayor is very focused on trying to address that aspect of this matter and
to then get in the position where he can again be a very productive member of
society," Coleman said. He also said Campbell "has lot of life left and a lot of
good things that he can do."

Campbell worked with Gary in a $100 million lawsuit in Columbus in the 2003
shooting death of a black insurance analyst by a Muscogee County sheriff's
deputy.

In Georgia, the State Bar would investigate after getting official notification
of the conviction from federal prosecutors. Defense attorney Jerry Froelich said
he was drafting letters to both the Georgia and Florida state bars informing
them of the conviction.

William P. Smith III, the State Bar of Georgia's general counsel, said he could
not discuss Campbell's case specifically, but "normally, once a lawyer is
convicted, he stops practicing voluntarily."

If Campbell fights disciplinary action, Smith said, the bar would prosecute the
matter in a hearing before a special master, who would then make a
recommendation to the state Supreme Court.

Roy Sobelson, a Georgia State University Law School professor, has been a
special master and has prosecuted license revocations for the State Bar. He said
Campbell's lawyers, if they want to mitigate the felony, could argue that
Campbell was a public servant and has had no disciplinary actions against his
license in over 28 years of practice.

Being found not guilty on corruption charges helps Campbell somewhat, Sobelson
said. The State Bar attorneys, however, could bring up the corruption charges,
even though Campbell was acquitted. But Sobelson believes the bar will go for
the "slam dunk" against Campbell simply on the tax evasion charges.

Campbell also will lose his right to vote in Florida. The state is one of the
most difficult for felons trying to get their voting rights reinstated.

Staff writers S.A. Reid and Ernie Suggs contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 15, 2006



CORRECTION: The city of Stuart, Fla. was misspelled in a Tuesday Metro section
story about former Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell and the likelihood that he will
lose his law license. Campbell works for the law firm of Willie Gary in Stuart.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Former Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell, convicted of tax evasion,
faces action by the state bars in Florida and Georgia.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           September 30, 2005 Friday

Woman gets probation for tax evasion;
Husband awaits sentencing; couple owe $1 million

BYLINE: STEPHANIE RICE, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 249 words


A Vancouver woman Thursday received two years' probation for tax evasion and was
ordered to pay back taxes plus penalties and interest.

Kathy J. Weathers, 53, and her husband, Thomas D. Weathers, 55, were convicted
by a federal jury in June of tax evasion and failing to file tax returns for
five years.

The couple argued that they were not obligated to pay federal income taxes on
their hotel and motel businesses. The couple owned low-priced establishments in
Portland and in the Longview area; it's not clear if they still do.

Kathy Weathers was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Franklin D. Burgess in
Tacoma. Her husband will be sentenced Oct. 14. He faces up to 10 years in
prison.

Emily Langlie, spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, said that during the
sentencing hearing, Burgess said Thomas Weathers was the "controlling figure in
the marriage."

Kathy Weathers was ordered to pay taxes from 1996 in the amount of $103,117.
Burgess also ordered Weathers to cooperate with Internal Revenue Service agents
in calculating back taxes from 1998 to 2002. Including penalties and interest,
Langlie said the Weatherses owe more than $1 million.

The couple were indicted in September 2004.

Their lodging businesses were grossing more than $1 million a year.

During their trial, the Weatherses said they had declared their independence
from the United States and rejected the authority of federal law.

Stephanie Rice covers the courts. She can be reached at 360-759-8004 or
stephanie.rice columbian.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 08, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

Probation, Fine for McCovey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. H04; AROUND THE MAJORS

LENGTH: 261 words


Hall of Fame slugger Willie McCovey was sentenced to two years probation and
fined $ 5,000 yesterday for tax evasion in a government crackdown on the
baseball memorabilia market.

"The only thing I'd like to say is while I've always tried to do the right
things, I have never willingly tried to cheat the government," he told U.S.
District Judge Edward R. Korman in Brooklyn, NY.

"It's one of those things that was overlooked at the time and I do accept
responsibility for it," said McCovey, who entered the courtroom with the help of
a cane as he continues to recover from back surgery last fall.

McCovey, 57, had pleaded guilty to a single count of tax evasion, admitting he
failed to declare $ 41,800 in income in 1989, when he made $ 87,000, and $
69,800 in baseball memorabilia income received between 1988 and 1990.

NO SURGERY FOR SCHOUREK: Reds LHP Pete Schourek will not need surgery on his
strained left shoulder, the club was told. Orthopedic surgeon James Andrews, who
examined Schourek Thursday, said that with rest and exercise the pitcher should
be able to resume pitching as soon as he comes off the disabled list. He is
eligible to come off on June 15.

COOKING UP BUSINESS: Greg Murphy, 47, who spent 22 years in the baking and food
business, has been hired by Major League Baseball to be the sport's new
marketing head, the Associated Press reported. His appointment is scheduled to
be announced Tuesday at a news conference in New York, several baseball
officials confirmed to the AP on the condition they not be identified.

LOAD-DATE: June 08, 1996June 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday

Tax evasion trial underway for local couple

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus From the Current-Argus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


CARLSBAD -- The Carlsbad couple indicted in April of 2009 on tax evasion and
conspiracy chaSrges are on trial in federal district court this week in
Albuquerque and could face up to 40 years in prison if convicted on all counts.

Mark E. Hopkins and his wife, Sharon J. Hopkins, were indicted by a federal
grand jury on seven counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy to impede
the Internal Revenue Service in the collection of taxes due and owed.

The trial has been underway in Albuquerque this week and a representative of the
federal district court said that the jury now has the case and is currently
deciding the verdict. The trial will be concluded after a decision is reached by
the jury.

Mark Hopkins, from at least 1996 to the present, worked as an emergency room
doctor at Carlsbad Medical Center, while Sharon Hopkins is the owner of My
Favorite New Mexico Foods LLC, which manufactures and sells traditional New
Mexico foods.

According to a U.S. Department of Justice news release, the indictment charges
that the Hopkinses have failed to file personal income tax returns since 1997
and owe the IRS more than $1.3 million.

According to the indictment, the couple has had a taxable annual income of at
least $260,000 per year since 2002.

The couple is accused of acting to conceal their assets from the IRS, the
release states. Among the steps taken, Mark Hopkins allegedly instructed his
employer, a staffing company, to make checks to him, totaling more than $3
million, payable to a sham entity called "Shalom Enterprises."

The couple allegedly conspired to impede the IRS by using a total of nine such
sham entities to conceal their identities, identifying the entities as "pure
trusts" and naming relatives and friends as trust beneficiaries to conceal their
income, bank accounts and asset ownership.

They are also accused of using fictitious employer identification numbers and in
some instances telling the banks involved that the account holders were exempt
from taxation.

Additionally, the Hopkinses are accused of sending threatening letters to IRS
employees, threatening them with criminal charges if they did not stop their
efforts to collect federal income taxes.

According to the indictment, the couple filed documents with the Chaves County
clerk in which Mark Hopkins claimed to be a citizen of "The Republic of Texas"
and Sharon Hopkins claimed to be a citizen of "The New Mexico Republic," in both
cases claiming to be "non-resident aliens of the United States" and therefore
exempt from income taxes.

The investigation was conducted for the U.S. Department of the Treasury by the
criminal investigation section of the Internal Revenue Service. The prosecution
is being overseen by the U.S. Department of Justice Tax Division and the Office
of the United States Attorney for the District of New Mexico.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 9, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Hubbells Plead Not Guilty To Charges of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By FRANCIS X. CLINES

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 8


Webster L. Hubbell, President Clinton's close friend and former Justice
Department appointee, entered a plea of not guilty today to tax evasion charges
brought by the independent counsel investigating the President's business and
personal life.

Mr. Hubbell, his wife, Suzanna, their accountant, Michael Schaufele, and their
lawyer, Charles C. Owen, were arraigned in Federal District Court in a 10-count
indictment charging them with conspiracy. Prosecutors accuse the Hubbells of
trying to avoid paying taxes due on money Mr. Hubbell admitted he embezzled from
the Rose Law Firm, for which he was convicted in 1994, as well as on hundreds of
thousands of dollars in income steered to him by friends of President and
Hillary Clinton.

Kenneth W. Starr, the independent counsel, is investigating whether that income
was a payment for Mr. Hubbell's non-cooperation with the counsel's inquiry into
the Clintons' Whitewater business affairs a decade ago in Arkansas. Mr. Hubbell,
who served 17 months in prison for the previous conviction, has asserted that
the latest indictment is Mr. Starr's effort to force him to "lie about the
President and the First Lady."

"Not guilty, Your Honor," Mr. Hubbell told Judge James Robertson as Mr.
Hubbell's lawyer, John Nields, announced he would file a motion arguing that the
indictment should be dismissed. Mr. Nields said it was beyond Mr. Starr's
mandate.

"From now on, we will be doing our talking in court," Mr. Nields said in
declining to answer news media questions after the 30-minute arraignment.

Mr. Nields said he would file an additional motion arguing that Mr. Starr wrote
the indictment by using documents supplied by Mr. Hubbell under a promise of
immunity from prosecution.

Outside the court, with the judge having spared the Hubbells the standard F.B.I.
escort that prosecutors request for defendants, Mr. Nields led the defendants
across the street to the Metropolitan Police headquarters for booking and
finger-printing. They were not handcuffed.

"Don't anybody fall down; you'll get trampled," Mrs. Hubbell lightly advised as
the party made its way haltingly within the shouting watch of a backward-reeling
media melee. Mr. Hubbell offered his familiar sad smile and tightly clasped his
wife's hand in silence.

In accordance with court requirements, Judge Robertson had cautioned the
Hubbells about sharing the same lawyer, noting that the possibility of plea
agreements might put them at odds. But the Hubbells said Mr. Nields would
represent them both. A hearing was set for June 2 on motions and on setting a
trial date.

Going through the judge's pro-forma arraignment list of citizenship questions,
Mrs. Hubbell firmly proclaimed her innocence. When asked whether she spoke
English, Mrs. Hubbell dryly replied, "I believe so -- I'm from the South."

The Hubbells were accused of schemes in which, while earning more than $1
million in a three-year period, they paid only $29,938 on back tax obligations
of $894,000. The indictment charged that in the same period, they spent more
than $750,000 on personal purchases and private school for their children.

The indictment said Mr. Hubbell did "little or no work" for the hundreds of
thousands of dollars in fees steered to him by friends of the Clintons after he
was indicted in 1994. Mr. Starr is investigating whether this was hush money.
Mr. Hubbell resigned from the Justice Department to face charges that he
embezzled $400,000 from clients and partners at the Rose firm in Little Rock,
Ark., where Mrs. Clinton worked.

The independent counsel is also investigating whether job referrals were
extended by the President's friends to silence Monica S. Lewinsky, the former
White House intern, about her alleged sexual affair with Mr. Clinton. Mr.
Starr's grand jury is looking into accusations that the President, who denies
the affair, sought to have it covered up in sworn court statements.

The White House has invoked executive privilege to keep top aides from having to
testify before the Starr grand jury, but a Federal judge rejected Mr. Clinton's
assertion. When news of the sealed ruling became public this week, prosecutors
and the President's lawyer, David E. Kendall, engaged in a crossfire of contempt
charges, accusing each other of having leaked the judge's decision to the media.

Today, Mr. Kendall sent a reply to a motion by Mr. Starr seeking legal sanctions
against the President's lawyers unless they withdrew their own demand for
similar penalties against Mr. Starr's prosecutors. The letter was not made
public, but Jim Kennedy, a spokesman, said the White House did not back down.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Webster L. Hubbell, and his wife, Suzanna, entered a plea of not
guilty yesterday to tax evasion charges brought by the independent counsel.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 3, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Straw's In the Wind Again

BYLINE: By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section B;  Page 11;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: VERO BEACH, Fla.


HE'S SWINGING smoothly again and hitting those towering home runs, at least in
batting practice. His back no longer hurts. But just when Darryl Strawberry
appeared about to be Darryl Strawberry again, the jackals that seem to have
stalked his life are surrounding him again.

This time, those jackals might be closing in, possibly threatening or
interrupting his career.

The Internal Revenue Service is reportedly about to indict the Dodgers
outfielder for ignoring at least $300,000 in income from memorabilia shows when
he was the Mets' slugger. Conviction of tax evasion on similar charges put Pete
Rose in prison for five months.

But with his suddenly serene outlook, remarried and with a baby about to arrive,
the slugger known as Straw doesn't appear concerned.

"It's nothing you should be afraid of, nothing you should run and hide from," he
was saying yesterday, apparently alluding to the tax-evasion story. "Things like
this, you face 'em head on. It's the most important way to deal with it. I hope
my life will be an example to any young player who has to deal with problems
other than being a ballplayer. Darryl Strawberry is not a bad person. Darryl
Strawberry never does anything to hurt anybody."

Except himself.

Over the years with the Mets and the Dodgers, the jackals of his life were
always there. He allegedly waved a gun at his ex-wife, spent time in
alcohol-abuse rehab, fought with Keith Hernandez at a Met team photo session,
perplexed his managers and teammates, been fined at least eight times. During
last year's Malibu fires he said, "Let it burn down," meaning Los Angeles, "I
don't live there anymore," but he later said he was joking.

Now he's apparently the target of an I.R.S. investigation that originally
surfaced last year.

"But we have no knowledge of an impending indictment," said Fred Claire, the
Dodgers' general manager. "I have not been contacted by any Federal agency."

Not that the I.R.S. needs to inform the Dodgers.

If an indictment comes down, it would raise interesting questions. How would
baseball react and, in the absence of a commissioner, who would be responsible
for reacting? Bud Selig, or an owners' committee? Would Straw be suspended,
pending a trial? Or would he be treated as innocent until proven guilty? Pete
Rose, remember, was already on baseball's ineligible list for gambling before
his tax-evasion conviction in 1990.

But as Strawberry sat at his locker yesterday, he preferred to talk about
resuming his career that was disrupted by spinal surgery. Two years ago, he
batted .237 with only 5 homers and 25 runs batted in over 43 games before his
September operation; last year he batted .140 with 5 homers and only 12 runs
batted in in 32 games.

"Baseball is the greatest part of my life," he said. "I don't want to misuse my
career. I haven't performed yet this year but I know I will. I'm going to be 32
in two weeks but I feel I can play seven more years. I don't want to be an
underachiever. I didn't handle the pressure like I can now. I've got career
goals."

Such as 400 homers?

"Let me get 300 first."

He's got 290 now.

During the off season, the Dodgers put Straw on irrevocable waivers, meaning any
other major league team could acquire him for $20,000 plus the remaining $8
million in salary on his five-year $20.25 million contract -- $3 million this
season, $5 million in 1995. No team wanted him, or at least they didn't want his
contract.

"I didn't take that as an insult," he was saying now. "I took it from a business
viewpoint."

Straw talked about wanting to finish his career with his hometown Dodgers, but
he acknowledged that he will "always miss New York" where the fans and the news
media "taught me a lot about responsibility."

He talked about what Hernandez, "the greatest player I've ever played with,"
once mentioned to him. "He told me, 'When you get older, you'll start reaching a
higher level,' " Straw said.

Asked why, if he respected Hernandez so much, he once punched him, Straw said,
"Mistake."

He has made many mistakes, too many. Before the meaningless final game of the
1991 season, he had 99 runs batted in. With the bases loaded, Tommy Lasorda, the
Dodger manager, told Straw, "You got a chance for 100 r.b.i. You want to
pinch-hit?"

Straw declined.

"It just wasn't important to him," Lasorda said.

You wonder what is important to Darryl Strawberry.


LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Darryl Strawberry. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Head of IRS field office knows the challenges

BYLINE: ELAINE SILVESTRINI; Tribune staff

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Metro; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 696 words



HIGHLIGHT: Q&A with the new head of IRS criminal investigation in Tampa as she
faces her first tax season update on where things stand with stolen identity
refund fraud. with Q& A with Kimberly Lappin, new Special Agent in Charge of the
IRS criminal investigation division.


Kimberly Lappin, 50, took the helm of the IRS Criminal Investigation Tampa field
office in August.

Before moving to Tampa, she was stationed in Washington, D.C., as the agency's
director of international field operations, where her responsibilities included
Beijing, Hong Kong, London, Frankfurt and Sydney.

Before taking that position in 2011, Lappin was the assistant special agent in
charge of the Miami field office and was in Florida when stolen identity refund
fraud exploded in Tampa and Miami. She has also served as a supervisory agent in
Orlando and has been with the IRS since 1988.

As she faces her first tax season in Tampa, we asked her about what she expects.

Q: What is your priority as head of the Tampa IRS Criminal Investigation
Division?

Answer: Essentially our main priority is to investigate criminal violations of
the Internal Revenue Code and related offenses. So what does that mean? We're
the only federal law enforcement agency that can look at tax evasion under the
Internal Revenue Code of Title 26. So that's our bread and butter. Anything tax
related. So you'll have other agencies that might look at narcotics, DEA. Our
bread and butter is tax and tax evasion, to include the ID theft arena here, in
particular, and other related things. We also investigate money laundering,
which falls under Title 18. And we get involved in narcotics investigations,
counterterrorism investigations and international money laundering cases. So
those are the primary things that we investigate here.

Q: What is the biggest area that you think is the top priority out of all that
for Tampa?

Answer: Definitely ID theft. As you know, this was ground zero. It was ground
zero at the time. I think what we're seeing is an evolving of the ID theft with
street crimes, and we have issues with that. Now it's evolved to more
sophisticated schemes, such as data breaches, cyber attacks. And that's what
we're seeing taking place here. We haven't given up or pushed back from that
because we know we have to keep the pressure up.

Q: Has ground zero moved?

Answer: I wouldn't say ground zero has moved. We did get (Florida Department of
Law Enforcement) statistics last week which indicated that ID theft has shifted
to some other states. FDLE is one of our key partners here in the Tampa area, as
well as the locals, and they're part of that Tampa Bay alliance that
(predecessor) Jim (Robnett) established to combat ID theft and so FDLE did share
some statistics with me last week that I believe the states were Missouri and
Connecticut, more so than Florida. We fell down on the list in terms of pure ID
theft. That's not to say it's tax related. But that was pure ID theft statistics
that they provided.

Q: It sounds like it's not so much a street crime anymore.

Answer: I think we've done a good job with that, and what we're seeing is the
data breaches of schools, hospitals, organizations, and in particular, IRS wants
us to get the word out that there's been data breaches relative to payroll
companies. That's what we're seeing this fiscal year.

Q: Payroll companies?

Answer: Yes. The IRS has actually issued a bulletin on that. So what happens is
a scammer prepares an email to the payroll company purporting to be the CEO of
the company and says, Send me all of your W-2s for all our employees. And it
looks like it's really from the CEO and it's not at all. And the person from the
accounting department does do that and so that all that information is out
there.

Q: What can you tell about the trends locally as far as ID theft?

Answer: We're keeping the pressure up. That's the big thing. We're still
partnering with all our local and state police departments and FDLE and postal
inspection, a very important partnership. And we're continually monitoring
what's happening in these areas, especially key ZIP codes of Tampa, without
getting specific. We're monitoring, we're continuing to keep the pressure on
here, locally, and as far as trending down, I wouldn't say we're necessarily
there yet. But we're definitely seeing an increased sophistication. Like data
breaches, as opposed to a street crime. We've definitely had some data breaches
here in Tampa with the VA.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

Scranton attorneys seeks reduced sentence for tax evasion

BYLINE: Terrie Morgan-Besecker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


April 16--Facing 10 to 16 months in prison under federal sentencing guidelines,
Lackawanna County's former guardian ad litem is asking a judge to consider her
dedication to her profession when he sentences her today for her guilty plea to
tax evasion.

In a sentencing memorandum filed Tuesday, David Solfanelli, attorney for
Danielle Ross, said Mrs. Ross admits she was wrong for underreporting income,
but the crime was an anomaly in an otherwise exemplary legal career in which she
dedicated herself to representing the rights of children whose parents were
involved in custody disputes.

$200,000 unreported

Mrs. Ross is scheduled to appear before Senior U.S. District Judge A. Richard
Caputo at 10 a.m. in federal court in Wilkes-Barre for sentencing on her Dec. 16
guilty plea to one count of attempted income tax evasion. Federal prosecutors
say she failed to report more than $200,000 in income she received from parents
who were required to hire her to review their cases and provide a recommendation
to judges tasked with deciding custody arrangements. That resulted in a tax loss
of $63,124.

Describing her as a selfless person who has been recognized as a "tireless
advocate" for children, Mr. Solfanelli said Mrs. Ross routinely went "far above
and beyond the call of duty" to help children in her care. That, among other
factors, warrants a sentence of probation in this case, Mr. Solfanelli said.

That depiction is at odds with views of numerous parents who publicly denounced
Mrs. Ross, accusing her of coercing them into following unreasonable
recommendations and forcing them to pay fees for services they neither wanted
nor needed. Their complaints helped lead to a state investigation into the
guardian ad litem program in 2011.

No criminal action

The investigation noted numerous shortcomings within the program, but concluded
there was no criminal wrongdoing by Mrs. Ross. The federal government later
launched its own probe and discovered she and her husband, Walter Pietralczyk
Jr., underreported their income in 2009 and 2010. Mr. Pietralczyk pleaded guilty
in December to filing a false tax return and is awaiting sentencing.

Under sentencing guidelines, Mrs. Ross is not automatically eligible for a
probationary sentence. She can receive one only if the judge agrees to depart
from the guidelines. Mr. Solfanelli asks Judge Caputo do so, noting that Mrs.
Ross is a low risk to commit another crime and that she has already been
punished by the suspension of her law license and extensive media coverage of
her case.

It's not known if the U.S. attorney's office, which had not filed a sentencing
memorandum as of Tuesday evening, will oppose the request for a sentence
reduction.

Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2014 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140416-YT-Scranton-attorneys-seeks-reduced-sentence-for-tax-evasion
-0416-20140416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Tribune


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Beanie Babies creator, owner of Ty charged with tax evasion

SECTION: BIZ LEDGER; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 650 words


Beanie Babies creator, owner of Ty charged with tax evasion

WESTMONT -- Beanie Babies creator and Oak Brook resident Ty Warner was charged
with tax evasion after federal prosecutors said he withheld investment earnings
from a Swiss bank account in 2002.

The 69-year-old toy tycoon is the sole owner of Ty Inc. based in Westmont, which
manufactures the popular Beanie Babies plush toy line. His attorney, Gregory
Scandaglia, said Warner has agreed to pay a $53.6 million civil penalty.

Prosecutors said Warner omitted more than $3.1 million of investment income he
made from a "secret offshore account" with Union Bank of Switzerland in 2002 and
reported only $49.1 million in income that year. He transferred the assets of
his UBS account -- with a balance of roughly $93.6 million -- to another Swiss
bank in late 2002.

According to Forbes magazine, Warner's net worth is estimated at $2.6 billion,
making him the 209th wealthiest American and 589th wealthiest person in the
world. If convicted, he faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine.

Gallagher acquires fine arts broker team in New York

ITASCA -- Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. announced that it has acquired the fine arts
broker team of Jeffrey Haber and Michael Fischman located in New York, New York.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. As partners, Haber and Fischman
provide retail insurance products and risk management services for their clients
throughout the United States.

They specialize in insurance coverage for art galleries and dealers, museums and
high net worth collectors.

They also provide commercial retail insurance coverage for the real estate and
retail industries. Haber, Fischman and their team will operate from Gallagher's
Manhattan offices under the direction of Douglas Brown, Gallagher's Northeast
region retail property and casualty brokerage leader.

A&J Specialty Services joins DKI disaster restoration

WOOD DALE -- DKI, a disaster restoration contracting organization, said that A&J
Specialty Services Inc. of Deforest, Wis., has joined the DKI network. Because
of this franchise, A&J can employ DKI's 24-hour call center, its Diamond claims
tracking technology, and other tools to enhance its ability to serve its
insurance and corporate customers.

A&J also can access DKI's training seminars and workshops, which ensure that it
remains abreast of all changes in this rapidly evolving industry. A&J President
Kent Rawhouser said being a part of the DKI network gives them the opportunity
to work in partnership with other quality firms.

The DKI network will allow A&J Specialty Services, Inc. to expand their scope of
service, introduce them to new markets and ensure the company's success long
into the future.

Access Media 3 channels cash into upgrades, market growth

OAK BROOK -- Access Media 3, a telecom services provider to multidwelling unit
properties, has received a $6 million infusion of cash to fund internal systems
and support infrastructure upgrades along with a previously disclosed asset
purchase of a majority of the assets of MDU Communications Inc. The combined
investment in AM3 by Meritage Funds, WP Global Partners, and Main Street Capital
Corporation will sustain AM3's current business plan that delivers the fastest
available Internet speed to customers, while continuing a dynamic growth trend.

This aggressive trend landed it on the "Fast 50" list published by Crain's
Chicago Business as number 5, along with being named to the Inc. 5000 list for
the second straight year.

AM3, headquartered in Oak Brook, provides high speed Internet, TV and voice
services to MDU properties in 20 states.

The new cash infusion will continue the expansion of AM3's high speed Internet
capabilities, including delivery of 1 Gigabit bandwidth to properties and 100
Mbps speeds to residences within those properties in the Chicago, Dallas,
Houston, Minneapolis and Southeast Florida areas.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

INDY CHAMP RETURNS TO TRACK;
CASTRONEVES ACQUITTED IN TAX CASE IN MIAMI

BYLINE: From wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; AUTO RACING NOTEBOOK; Pg. C-6

LENGTH: 670 words


Brazilian Helio Castroneves will be back on track less than 24 hours after he
was acquitted of tax-evasion charges in Miami.

Penske Racing's Tim Cindric said yesterday the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner
will return to his No. 3 IndyCar in time for practice and qualifying today for
the Grand Prix of Long Beach.

Cindric said team owner Roger Penske dispatched a private plane from his
headquarters in Detroit to pick up Castroneves in Miami, where the trial was
held. Castroneves, who was the series runner-up last year, was expected to
arrive in Long Beach late last night.

After six days of deliberation and a six-week trial, a jury acquitted
Castroneves, 33, his sister and business manager Katiucia and an attorney on
tax-evasion charges. The jury was unable to reach a verdict on conspiracy
charges against Castroneves and his sister. The U.S. Attorney's office said it
will review its options on the hung conspiracy charge.

And Castroneves will go back to racing.

Will Power has been Castroneves' temporary replacement. He will drive a third
Penske entry in the race tomorrow and will race for the team next month in the
Indianapolis 500. But Cindric would not elaborate on Power's racing future
beyond Indianapolis.

"I'm very happy for Helio and his family," Power said. "I've been aware that
this could happen at any time. I just wanted to take it day by day and do the
best job for the team. I was ready for it, so it was no big shock to me."

Castroneves' team and Indy Racing League officials were overjoyed to learn one
of the series' most popular drivers would be returning.

"On behalf of Roger and the entire organization, we're ecstatic with the outcome
[of the trial[," Cindric said during a news conference. "It's been a very
difficult time for all of us, obviously in particular he and his family. We're
very, very happy to know that he can go on with his life, business as usual."

That means getting back in the car as soon as possible.

A morning practice today on the temporary street circuit in downtown Long Beach
will be divided into two groups of drivers. Brian Barnhart, president of
competition and racing operations for the IRL, said Castroneves will be allowed
to run in both 30-minute sessions.

NASCAR

Mark Martin won his third pole of the season, qualifying first last night at
Phoenix International Raceway in Avondale, Ariz.

Martin ran a lap at 133.814 mph in his Hendrick Motorsports Chevrolet to beat
Kyle Busch and Kurt Busch for the top starting spot tonight. Before this season,
Martin had not won a pole since 2001. Kyle Busch qualified second with a lap at
133.725 in a Toyota, and older brother Kurt was third in a Dodge with a lap at
133.700.

Jeff Gordon qualified fourth in a Chevrolet and was followed by Brian Vickers in
a Toyota.

Six drivers failed to make the race, including Todd Bodine and Jeremy Mayfield.

* Cross Kasey Kahne's name off the list of drivers on the move. He said he
doesn't want to break his contract with Richard Petty Motorsports at the end of
the season. Kahne's name has popped up recently as a potential free agent, based
somewhat on his frustration of not being more consistent in the No. 9 Dodge.

* Carl Edwards' fate at Phoenix International Raceway could rest with a crewman
he barely knows. Roush-Fenway Racing shook up Edwards' pit crew following its
costly performance two weeks ago, removing the tire-changer who bungled the
final pit stop and cost Edwards a win at Texas Motor Speedway. Brandon Hopkins
joins Edwards' crew at Phoenix, while Chad Edwards moved to front-tire changer
from the rear. The crew shuffle came after a botched front tire change dropped
Edwards from the lead at Texas after the final stop.

Nationwide

Greg Biffle won the Nationwide Series race at Phoenix International Raceway.
Biffle had to hold off Jason Leffler over several late restarts, then hold him
off for a final two-lap sprint to the finish. The win gave team owner Jack Roush
his 100th Nationwide Series victory. Biffle has won two of the four races he's
entered this season.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Tenors' Promoter Jailed in Germany For Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By ROGER COHEN

SECTION: Section E; Page 1; Column 5; The Arts/Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 611 words


Matthias Hoffmann, the German promoter who turned the Three Tenors concerts into
a worldwide extravaganza, was sentenced yesterday to five years and eight months
in prison for tax evasion.

A court in Mannheim, Germany, found Mr. Hoffmann guilty of evading close to $10
million in taxes and said it was pursuing investigations against the tenors --
Luciano Pavarotti, Jose Carreras and Placido Domingo -- for possible complicity
in tax fraud.

Mr. Pavarotti recently canceled two Berlin concerts, one with the Berlin
Philarmonic on New Year's Eve and another on Jan. 25 with Deutsche Oper, after
lawyers advised him that it was unwise to come to Germany while the
investigation continued. When they informed German organizers of the
cancellation earlier this month, lawyers for Mr. Pavarotti said he would make up
for his absence as soon as the case was resolved. Mr. Carreras and Mr. Domingo
could not be reached yesterday for comment.

In this way, the smash-hit tour that grew out of a 1990 concert at the Baths of
Caracalla in Rome and eventually earned the tenors a mass following more often
associated with rock stars has become mired in allegations of front companies in
Ireland, on Jersey and elsewhere.

Mr. Hoffmann, who organized the tenors' world tour in 1996, which included stops
in the United States, Europe and Asia, was arrested in Germany in July 1997 and
has since been held in prison. The court said yesterday that the 17 months he
had already served would be deducted from his sentence.

Mr. Hoffman, 47, dropped out of Mannheim University in 1970 to present a rock
festival that became known as the German Woodstock. He set up his first concert
agency in 1971, and initially focused on rock music, including concerts by the
Rolling Stones and Queen. By the 1980's, he was also working with Mr. Carreras
and Mr. Domingo, enjoying what he later described as "incredible international
success."

In the mid-1990's he linked up with the Three Tenors, who had enjoyed a stunning
success with their 1994 sellout concert at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles. A
dozen more concerts were organized and beamed to television audiences of
hundreds of millions. Audio and video recordings of the concerts became the
best-selling classical recordings ever. Mr. Hoffmann paid the tenors well: each
received $1.5 million a concert, German prosecutors said. In 1996 Mr. Pavarotti
commented: "Good money, eh? By God, it's good money."

Prosecutors contended at the trial that Mr. Hoffmann avoided paying taxes by
illegally splitting the payment for each concert into $500,000 in salary and
$1,000,000 in licensing income, and paying the latter sum into a front company
based in Ireland that apparently was controlled by the three tenors.

Under German law, Mr. Hoffman should have deducted German taxes from the salary
portion -- something he failed to do -- and should have explained to the tax
authorities why such a large portion of the overall fee to the artists came in
the form of licensing income. He was also accused of avoiding taxes on a number
of other concerts and events with no link to the tenors.

In New York, Mr. Pavarotti's manager, Herbert Breslin, said neither he nor his
client had any comment. "I'm not privy to the problems Mr. Hoffman has with the
German tax authorities," Mr. Breslin said.

The case against Mr. Hoffmann grew out of the imprisonment of a Munich concert
promoter, Marcel Avram, who was also accused of tax fraud. Lawyers for Mr.
Hoffmann, who once described his partnership with the tenors as "a winning
team," had pleaded for a sentence of less than five years, while choosing not to
contest several of the charges.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 17, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FIFTH AVE. JEWELER IS ACCUSED OF AIDING SALES-TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By ISABEL WILKERSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 803 words


The president and the controller of Van Cleef & Arpels Inc. were indicted
yesterday on charges of scheming to help customers evade city and state sales
taxes on more than $4.6 million in jewelry.

Claude Arpels, the 74-year-old company president and son of the founder, and Al
Schwartz, 66, the controller, were arraigned yesterday in State Supreme Court in
Manhattan before Justice Carol Berkman.

They pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy, falsifying business records
and failing to collect sales taxes over a five-year period, and were released on
their own recognizance.

The indictments against the jeweler are the latest in a series resulting from a
continuing investigation into tax-evasion schemes by some of Manhattan's most
fashionable retailers. Cartier, Bulgari and the Christie Brothers Fur
Corporation, among others, have all been indicted this year on similar charges.
The cases are all pending.

Empty Boxes and Fake Addresses

To avoid New York sales taxes, some retailers suggested that customers mail
luxury merchandise out-of-state or agree to send boxes, supposedly packed with
the merchandise but really empty, to false addresses outside the state.

According to yesterday's 273-count indictment, Mr. Arpels and Mr. Schwartz
conspired to file false sales-tax returns and understated the amount of taxable
sales.

From Jan. 1, 1980, to March 22, 1985, the indictment says, they also falsified
the company's records to indicate that jewelry was delivered to out-of-state
addresses when delivery had, in fact, been made within the state.

The city examined Van Cleef's gross sales, focusing on transactions of more than
$10,000, and found that in at least 129 instances, amounting to $4.9 million in
jewelry, the company had failed to collect sales taxes when they were owed,
according to the indictment. #90% of Sales Nontaxable In the biggest sale,
involving a $375,000 diamond necklace, a bogus address in Florida was used, the
indictment said.

Van Cleef & Arpels claimed on its state tax returns for 1980 through 1984 that
about 90 percent of its sales at its Fifth Avenue store, off 57th Street, were
nontaxable, according to City Finance Commissioner Paul A. Crotty.

A typical retailer of luxury goods claims only 45 percent of sales are
nontaxable, according to the State Department of Taxation and Finance. The
figure, a dramatic reduction from the two years ago, is attributable to the
state and city crackdown, officials said.

By understating its taxable sales on its tax returns, Van Cleef & Arpels evaded
at least $380,000 in sales taxes from 1980 to 1985, the indictment said.

In the investigation, the City Finance Department queried the firm's customers
by mail, Mr. Crotty said. ''Many of the customers said they took the merchandise
with them,'' he said, ''and some said they never bought anything at Van Cleef &
Arpels.''

The audit also found that ''sales invoices in the hands of customers often had
substantial differences from the sales invoices provided by the taxpayer,'' he
said.

Mr. Arpels's attorney, Louis Nizer, said in a prepared statement that the
company had offered ''to pay any disputed sales-tax claim'' before the
investigation began and before the State Legislature enacted an amnesty statute
protecting taxpayers from criminal action if they came forward and paid past-due
taxes.

'Looting the Public Treasury'

But Mr. Felsen of the State Tax Department said: ''Our claim is that a crime was
a committed, not just that taxes weren't paid. That's quite different from just
an audit dispute.''

Mayor Koch said yesterday in a prepared statement that the City Finance
Department would continue ''to pursue big-ticket sales-tax evaders.''

''Rich or poor, stealing from another person is against the law,'' Mayor Koch
said in a prepared statement. ''It is especially egregious when a person steals
from everyone by looting the public treasury.''

It is illegal for New York residents to avoid the state and city sales taxes,
which total 8 1/4 percent, by shipping merchandise out of state.

In 1977 Mr. Arpels and Mr. Schwartz both pleaded guilty to bribery in connection
with the offering of gifts to an Internal Revenue Service agent auditing their
tax returns. Mr. Arpels offered two wristwatches, a diamond brooch and an
emerald ring worth $1,400. He was fined $15,000 in Federal District Court and
Mr. Schwartz was fined $2,500.

In the current case, the two men face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of
twice the amount they profited, as determined by the court, according to Mary de
Bourbon, a spokesman for the Manhattan District Attorney's office. The next
court date is set for Feb. 24.

The company faces a penalty of $2.5 million in back taxes and interest owed and
any other criminal fines, according to Mr. Morgenthau.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing (page B3)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday

Charges against Castroneves dropped;
'My life is back,' says driver at Indianapolis after tax evasion case ends with
a dismissal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S02

LENGTH: 530 words


U.S. federal prosecutors dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge
against two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister
yesterday, clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened
to derail his career.

Castroneves, 34 and one of the favourites for tomorrow's Indy 500, and his
35-year-old sister Katiucia, were acquitted of other tax evasion charges by a
jury April 17. His tax lawyer, Alan Miller of Michigan, also was cleared of all
wrongdoing.

The jury failed to agree on the conspiracy charge, resulting in a mistrial on
that count. Now prosecutors have decided not to pursue a retrial on that charge,
which carries a maximum prison sentence of five years.

In Indianapolis, Castroneves described learning of the dismissal as "incredible"
and "amazing." In addition to having the fastest practice time yesterday,
Castroneves won the pit stop competition.

"Things are falling into place. I'm just so glad I had a fair trial and I'm here
racing again," said Castroneves, one of Indy racing's most popular and
successful drivers.

The driver, who vaulted to even greater worldwide fame by winning TV's Dancing
With The Stars competition in 2007, said he was glad to be focusing again on
racing.

"My life is back," he said. "The only thing I can think about is to go and be in
the race car again."

F1 IN ARGENTINA? Bernie Ecclestone, Formula One's commercial rights holder, is
in talks with Argentine government officials to bring the sport back to the
South American country.

The last Formula One race in Argentina was 1998, an event won by Michael
Schumacher.

"I'm talking to people in Argentina. We've just started talking," Ecclestone
said yesterday from Monaco, where the next race of the season is being held
tomorrow. Asked if the Mexican resort of Cancun might also host another Latin
American race, Ecclestone replied: "I don't know."

KIWI VICTORY: New Zealand's Wade Cunningham has won the Firestone Freedom 100 at
Indianapolis Motor Speedway, his second career win in the race.

Cunningham held off American J.R. Hildbebrand by 0.1 seconds to win for the
second time since 2006. Mario Romancini was third.

Cunningham has two wins, a second and a third-place finish in five career starts
at the historic oval.

The race is part of the Indy Lights series, which is the developmental circuit
for IndyCars.

NO CAP ON TALKS: Ferrari president Luca di Montezemolo said no agreement has
been reached between F1 teams and FIA president Max Mosley following talks
yesterday over a planned budget cap.

The Formula One Teams Association met with Mosley after Ferrari had threatened
to pull out of the sport following the FIA president's plans to introduce a
voluntary team budget cap of $60 million (U.S.) starting in 2010.

"We had a very long, productive meeting," Di Montezemolo said. "FOTA will have
another meeting tomorrow to discuss and then we will meet Mosley again."

Mosley said only that discussions were "ongoing."

"I'm always hopeful, confident that there will be an agreement," Mosley said.

Team principals from McLaren, BMW Sauber, Toyota and Force India all offered no
details about the three-hour meeting in Monaco.

Star wire services

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Tom Strattman ap Helio Castroneves celebrates with his crew after they
won the finals of the Indy 500 Pit Stop Challenge yesterday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2016 Monday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 273  words

DATELINE: New York


Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:     The California State Board of
Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have recently identified cigarette tax
evasion schemes involving the accumulation of used cigarette tax stamps. Unlike
postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.

Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed&rdquo; cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and
makes it a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy
or offer to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed&rdquo; cigarette tax
stamps starting January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed
stamps&rdquo; means cigarette tax stamps which the tax has previously been paid
by a Cigarette and Tobacco Products licensed distributor and were previously
affixed to cigarette packs. "Unaffixed stamps&rdquo; do not include any unused
and unapplied rolls of stamps or loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its
authorized agent and in the possession of a licensed distributor.Anyone found
with "unaffixed&rdquo; cigarette tax stamps for reuse purposes is guilty of a
misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to $50,000, or imprisonment (not to
exceed one year in a county jail), or by both the fine and imprisonment.   In
case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 25, 2016 Friday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of used
cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.

 NOVEMBER 2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Manager of Willowbrook cigarette store accused of sales tax evasion

BYLINE: Kimberly Fornek, Pioneer Press Newspapers, Suburban Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 268 words


Jan. 23--The manager of a Willowbrook tobacco store was indicted for allegedly
defrauding the state of more than $200,000 in sales tax, the Illinois Attorney
General's office announced Thursday.

Abdullah Dahleh, 35, of Oak Lawn, the manager of the Tobacco Outlet Cigarettes,
Cigars & More store, at 10S646 Route 83 in Willowbrook, was charged with sales
tax evasion over $100,000, which is a felony, the attorney general's office
reported. He also was charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and filing fraudulent
sales, use and income tax returns.

Dahleh is accused of underreporting more than $2.79 million in sales to the
Illinois Department of Revenue, which should have produced $202,508 in sale tax
revenue for the state.

Dahleh's attorney, Michael Levinsohn, said they were very surprised and
disappointed the attorney general indicted Dahleh because his client was
cooperating with the Illinois Department of Revenue.

"There was an agreement," Levinsohn said. "Returns were amended and money was
paid to cover accounting mistakes."

With the warrant and the indictment, the attorney general turned what was
essentially a civil matter into a criminal matter, Levinsohn said.

Dahleh turned himself in at the DuPage County Jail Jan. 21, Levinsohn said. He
posted his bond, which has been set at $200,000, and was released.

His next court date is Feb. 22 at the DuPage County courthouse in Wheaton.

kfornek@pioneerlocal.com

___ (c)2016 Pioneer Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) Visit Pioneer
Press Newspapers (Suburban Chicago, Ill.) at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160123-PIO-Manager-of-Willowbrook-cigarette-store-accused-of-sales-
tax-evasion-0123-20160123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PIO


                          Copyright 2016 Pioneer Press


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

King abandoned me, says accused princess

BYLINE: Graham Keeley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 377 words


Princess Cristina of Spain, who is to appear in court on Monday for the start of
her trial for alleged tax evasion, has complained that her brother King Felipe
and the rest of the royal family have abandoned her.

The princess is accused of being an accessory to her husband's alleged tax
evasion.

Iñaki Urdangarin, 47, a former Olympic handball star, is accused, along with a
former business partner, of embezzling (EURO)6 million of public funds from
contracts awarded to the Noos institute, a charitable foundation he chaired
which organised sports events.

If convicted, he faces up to 19 years in jail; the princess faces a maximum of
four years imprisonment. Both deny any wrongdoing.

They are among 18 people due to stand trial in Majorca on Monday.

A friend of Cristina, 50, told El Español, a Spanish online newspaper: "It is
very tough to be abandoned by your family. She has been very struck by the
coldness of the family, the ignorance and the contempt in which she has been
held."

The couple and their four children were barred from the royal family's Christmas
celebrations in Madrid. The couple were banned from royal duties after the
judicial investigation into the allegations began in 2011. Last June, they were
stripped of their titles as the Duke and Duchess of Palma by Felipe, who has
tried to clean up the image of the royal family after the abdication of his
father, Juan Carlos, in 2014.

Cristina, who works for the charitable foundation of La Caixa savings bank and
lives in Geneva, is reluctant ever to return home. "They are judged and
condemned," said a close source. "She will never return to Spain [to live]."

Mr Urdangarin was once the golden boy of the royal family. As a member of the
Spanish handball team, he took part in the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Olympics and was
team captain in 2000. He met Cristina at the 1996 games in Atlanta and they
married in 1997.

He has been publicly humiliated since the scandal erupted in 2011. The couple's
(EURO)6 million mansion in Barcelona was impounded by the courts as a guarantee
and later sold.

Despite this, the princess has stood by him. "She is very close to her husband,"
a source said. "She will endure whatever happens."

Cristina remains sixth in line to the throne, a right only she can give up.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The princess and her husband are facing trial on tax evasion
allegations

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

Takeover bid poses concerns for charity

BYLINE: By NOLAN CLAY Staff Writer nclay@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 794 words


Feed the Children is fighting a takeover attempt by a former attorney who is
complaining the Oklahoma City-based charity is badly mismanaged."I would
describe them as the Enron of the nonprofit world," Edward Roush Jr. said,
referring to the Texas-based corporation that went bankrupt in 2001 after a
corruption scandal. "They need a housecleaning, a major housecleaning."Roush, of
Dallas, has been demanding changes at Feed the Children ever since he acquired
the rights to videos, papers and other property belonging to ousted founder
Larry Jones in June for $1. The material has been stored at a Feed the Children
warehouse in Oklahoma City.Roush claims the videos, since they contain images of
celebrities, may be worth as much as $200 million.Feed the Children is taking
Roush seriously, particularly since he filed a slander lawsuit Aug. 10 against
the charity's attorneys and key officials there."This lawsuit is frivolous and
abusive," said attorneys hired by the charity to fight the case.

"It was brought by Edward Roush Jr., a former lawyer disbarred by the state of
Texas after a federal conviction for tax evasion, who in the past was involved
in a fraudulent scheme."The attorneys made that statement in a legal response to
the lawsuit. They said Roush was disbarred from the practice of law in Texas in
2007 after pleading guilty to tax evasion and being sent to prison.

They said he had a more than $43 million judgment entered against him in a civil
stock fraud case in Texas in 2000.The attorneys claim Roush's lawsuit is part of
"nefarious plan" to take control of Feed the Children "through intimidation,
harassment, deception, spurious litigation and even threats."They said his
written demands on the charity might have been viewed "as the ramblings of a
crank" had Roush not made the threats, too.The attorneys said many charity
employees were terrified after he wrote in a letter June 25 about a possible
class-action lawsuit by donors and concluded "If I do not hear from you, God
have mercy on each of you and Feed the Children."His slander lawsuit centers on
statements attorney Jack Dawson made about him to Feed the Children employees
June 26. Feed the Children is asking that the lawsuit be dismissed, in part
because what Dawson said is "substantially true."Roush said he is not going
away. He acknowledges he is trying to take over Feed the Children but said it is
not for nefarious reasons."I have a noble cause," he said."I want to take it
over, clean it up and make it do what it was intended to do. â?¦ I envision
taking a Feed the Children, merging tons of organizations and creating a
Google-like working environment."He said he also envisions getting wealthy
people to donate their businesses and great-value assets, rather than just
money, to finance the charity into the future.He said he does not want to be in
control himself, but he does want to influence who goes on the board of
directors and what happens.He said his criminal case was political, and he
voluntarily resigned from the practice of law afterward. He said he did not pay
anything on the multimillion-dollar judgment against him because collection was
not pursued.He said he was not making a threat when he wrote "God have mercy on
each of you."He said that statement was a reflection of his deep-founded
faith.Speculation, accusationsHis efforts have led to widespread speculation
that his real goal is to put Jones back in charge.Jones built the charity into
one of the nation's most recognized nonprofit&nbsp; organizations, primarily
because of his heart-wrenching appeals on television commercials for funds to
feed starving children. The charity's board of directors fired him in 2009.He
sued over his firing, and the charity countersued, accusing him of misdeeds such
as taking bribes. He denied the accusations, and the lawsuit eventually was
settled."This is not about bringing Larry Jones back. He doesn't want to come
back," Roush said.Reached by phone, Jones said he "can't comment on that" when
asked if he hoped to come back to Feed the Children.Roush has made a series of
accusations about the charity's operation, including that its massive warehouse
had no food when he visited it in June."I'm like stunned," he said. "And as I'm
walking down the rows, it's just books and books and books. I didn't see any
food. â?¦ I couldn't believe it."In a written response, Feed the Children said
there is food in all six of its distribution facilities in the United States. It
said Roush in June was not in the section of the 120,000-square-foot facility in
Oklahoma City where the food is kept.The charity sent The Oklahoman photos it
said were taken Friday at the Oklahoma City facility.The photos include ones of
stacks of soup cans and flour bags.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Oklahoma's Feed the Children faces takeover attempt by Texan

BYLINE: By NOLAN CLAY Staff Writer nclay@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 794 words


Feed the Children is fighting a takeover attempt by a former attorney who is
complaining the Oklahoma City-based charity is badly mismanaged."I would
describe them as the Enron of the nonprofit world," Edward Roush Jr. said,
referring to the Texas-based corporation that went bankrupt in 2001 after a
corruption scandal. "They need a housecleaning, a major housecleaning."Roush, of
Dallas, has been demanding changes at Feed the Children ever since he acquired
the rights to videos, papers and other property belonging to ousted founder
Larry Jones in June for $1. The material has been stored at a Feed the Children
warehouse in Oklahoma City.Roush claims the videos, since they contain images of
celebrities, may be worth as much as $200 million.Feed the Children is taking
Roush seriously, particularly since he filed a slander lawsuit Aug. 10 against
the charity's attorneys and key officials there."This lawsuit is frivolous and
abusive," said attorneys hired by the charity to fight the case.

"It was brought by Edward Roush Jr., a former lawyer disbarred by the state of
Texas after a federal conviction for tax evasion, who in the past was involved
in a fraudulent scheme."The attorneys made that statement in a legal response to
the lawsuit. They said Roush was disbarred from the practice of law in Texas in
2007 after pleading guilty to tax evasion and being sent to prison.They said he
had a more than $43 million judgment entered against him in a civil stock fraud
case in Texas in 2000.The attorneys claim Roush's lawsuit is part of "nefarious
plan" to take control of Feed the Children "through intimidation, harassment,
deception, spurious litigation and even threats."They said his written demands
on the charity might have been viewed "as the ramblings of a crank" had Roush
not made the threats, too.The attorneys said many charity employees were
terrified after he wrote in a letter June 25 about a possible class-action
lawsuit by donors and concluded "if I do no hear from you, God have mercy on
each of you and Feed the Children."His slander lawsuit centers on statements
attorney Jack Dawson made about him to Feed the Children employees June 26. Feed
the Children is asking that the lawsuit be dismissed, in part because what
Dawson said is "substantially true."Roush said he is not going away. He
acknowledges he is trying to take over Feed the Children but said it is not for
nefarious reasons."I have a noble cause," he said."I want to take it over, clean
it up and make it do what it was intended to do. â?¦ I envision taking a Feed
the Children, merging tons of organizations and creating a Google-like working
environment."He said he also envisions getting wealthy people to donate their
businesses and great-value assets, rather than just money, to finance the
charity into the future.He said he does not want to be in control himself, but
he does want to influence who goes on the board of directors and what happens.He
said his criminal case was political, and he voluntarily resigned from the
practice of law afterward. He said he did not pay anything on the
multi-million-dollar judgment against him because collection was not pursued.He
said he was not making a threat when he wrote "God have mercy on each of you."He
said that statement was a reflection of his deep-founded faith.Speculation,
accusationsHis efforts have led to widespread speculation that his real goal is
to put Jones back in charge.Jones built the charity into one of the nation's
most recognized nonprofit&nbsp; organizations, primarily because of his
heart-wrenching appeals on television commercials for funds to feed starving
children. The charity's board of directors fired him in 2009.He sued over his
firing, and the charity countersued, accusing him of misdeeds such as taking
bribes. He denied the accusations, and the lawsuit eventually was settled."This
is not about bringing Larry Jones back. He doesn't want to come back," Roush
said.Reached by phone, Jones said he "can't comment on that" when asked if he
hoped to come back to Feed the Children.Roush has made a series of accusations
about the charity's operation, including that its massive warehouse had no food
when he visited it in June."I'm like stunned," he said. "And as I'm walking down
the rows, it's just books and books and books. I didn't see any food. â?¦ I
couldn't believe it."In a written response, Feed the Children said there is food
in all six of its distribution facilities in the United States. It said Roush in
June was not in the section of the 120,000-square-foot facility in Oklahoma City
where the food is kept.The charity sent The Oklahoman photos it said were taken
Friday at the Oklahoma City facility.The photos include ones of stacks of soup
cans and flour bags.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Ellsworth man who caught $700,000 in elvers in 2012 convicted of tax evasion

BYLINE: Bill Trotter BDN Staff

LENGTH: 401 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A local man who caught more than $700,000 worth of elvers two
years ago has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and theft.


Danny Deraps, 43, of Ellsworth will serve jail time, pay restitution and lose
his elver harvesting license for the 2014 season, according to state officials.


Deraps was found guilty on Friday of three counts of intentional income tax
evasion and one count of theft by deception of funds from the Maine Tax and Rent
Refund program. He also admitted to intentionally underreporting his elver
harvest for the 2012 season in violation of state fishing regulations, according
to a statement released Monday by the Maine attorney general's office.


As a result of a plea agreement with prosecutors, Deraps received a sentence of
364 days in jail with all but 90 days suspended. He will have to serve two years
of probation upon his release and is prohibited from fishing or assisting any
licensed fisherman during the 2014 elver season, which is expected to begin
Sunday, April 6.


Deraps paid $25,338.51 toward his state income tax debt on Friday, according to
the release.


Before he begins serving his jail time, Deraps and state officials will finalize
details of the remaining tax liability, which will be paid in full in the coming
months.


"This case underscores the importance of harvester reports," Patrick Keliher,
commissioner of Maine Department of Marine Resources, said in the release. "Our
ability to manage and sustain Maine's marine resources relies heavily on
accurate reporting of harvester landings data. We take this very seriously and
will continue to be vigilant in our efforts to ensure compliance."


After investigating Deraps' 2012 elver harvest reports, state officials found
that he earned more than $700,000 from elver fishing in 2012 and nearly $70,000
from lobster fishing the rest of the year, but he reported less than half of
those earnings on his 2012 Maine income tax return.


Deraps also underreported his lobster fishing income for 2010 and 2011, state
officials said. He is cooperating with Maine Revenue Services with respect to
his 2013 income taxes, including his earnings from the 2013 elver fishing
season.


Attorney General Janet Mills said in the release that her office will continue
to pursue people who try to cheat the state out of public resources.


"In these difficult times, all Mainers must pay their fair share," Mills said in
the release.




LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Ellsworth man who caught $700,000 in elvers in 2012 convicted of tax evasion

BYLINE: Bill Trotter BDN Staff

LENGTH: 401 words


AUGUSTA, Maine -- A local man who caught more than $700,000 worth of elvers two
years ago has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and theft.


Danny Deraps, 43, of Ellsworth will serve jail time, pay restitution and lose
his elver harvesting license for the 2014 season, according to state officials.


Deraps was found guilty on Friday of three counts of intentional income tax
evasion and one count of theft by deception of funds from the Maine Tax and Rent
Refund program. He also admitted to intentionally underreporting his elver
harvest for the 2012 season in violation of state fishing regulations, according
to a statement released Monday by the Maine attorney general's office.


As a result of a plea agreement with prosecutors, Deraps received a sentence of
364 days in jail with all but 90 days suspended. He will have to serve two years
of probation upon his release and is prohibited from fishing or assisting any
licensed fisherman during the 2014 elver season, which is expected to begin
Sunday, April 6.


Deraps paid $25,338.51 toward his state income tax debt on Friday, according to
the release.


Before he begins serving his jail time, Deraps and state officials will finalize
details of the remaining tax liability, which will be paid in full in the coming
months.


"This case underscores the importance of harvester reports," Patrick Keliher,
commissioner of Maine Department of Marine Resources, said in the release. "Our
ability to manage and sustain Maine's marine resources relies heavily on
accurate reporting of harvester landings data. We take this very seriously and
will continue to be vigilant in our efforts to ensure compliance."


After investigating Deraps' 2012 elver harvest reports, state officials found
that he earned more than $700,000 from elver fishing in 2012 and nearly $70,000
from lobster fishing the rest of the year, but he reported less than half of
those earnings on his 2012 Maine income tax return.


Deraps also underreported his lobster fishing income for 2010 and 2011, state
officials said. He is cooperating with Maine Revenue Services with respect to
his 2013 income taxes, including his earnings from the 2013 elver fishing
season.


Attorney General Janet Mills said in the release that her office will continue
to pursue people who try to cheat the state out of public resources.


"In these difficult times, all Mainers must pay their fair share," Mills said in
the release.




LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Hupman gets 17-month prison sentence on tax evasion charge

BYLINE: Michael D. Abernethy, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 413 words


Sept. 30--Former Mebane city councilman Bob Hupman was sentenced Monday to 17
months in federal prison for tax evasion.

Hupman pleaded guilty in May to obstructing and impeding due administration of
internal revenue laws. Hupman hadn't filed an individual income tax return since
the 2006 tax year. He also hadn't paid employment taxes since the third quarter
of 2009 for his business, Security Concepts LLC, and didn't pay federal
unemployment taxes in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

A federal judge in Greensboro also ordered Hupman to pay $103,420 in restitution
and comply with a year of supervision following his prison release.

Hupman's defense attorney, Mark A. Jones, requested that the judge recommend to
the Federal Bureau of Prisons that Hupman be housed at Butner Federal
Correctional Complex in Butner "or as close to his home (in Mebane) as
possible." Through a motion filed Monday morning, Jones said the government
typically consents to those types of housing requests.

The prison complex at Butner includes two medium-security prisons and a
low-security prison.

Hupman was on the Mebane City Council for 28 years, between November 1981 and
March 2009. When he resigned from the city council, he was listed at the top of
the state's delinquent taxpayers. At that time, he owed the N.C. Department of
Revenue nearly $2.2 million in back taxes.

He faced a maximum of three years in prison, one year of supervised release and
a maximum fine of $250,000, the U.S. Department of Justice said in May.
Sentencing in the case was originally scheduled for Aug. 29 but was continued
several times by attorneys for both sides.

According to court documents, Hupman managed Security Concepts, a security alarm
company based in Mebane. Instead of receiving a salary from his company, Hupman
received income by using a Security Concepts debit card to pay his expenses.
Despite receiving over $770,000 through the card between 2007 and 2011, Hupman
hadn't filed an individual income tax return since tax year 2006.

He also failed to comply with financial regulations for the business. Hupman
withheld employment taxes from employees' wages but didn't pay didn't pay the
taxes or file the required documentation since the third quarter of 2009. He
didn't pay the federal unemployment taxes owed, or file the required tax forms,
for years 2009, 2010, or 2011.

___ (c)2013 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130930-BT-Hupman-gets-17-month-prison-sentence-on-tax-evasion
-charge-0930-20130930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2013 Times-News


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 18, 2009 Sunday

Firm's owner faces tax-evasion charges

LENGTH: 201 words


PROVO ? The operator of a Provo hearing-aid company has been charged with tax
evasion for allegedly refusing to pay taxes for the past 13 years. Robert E.
Harris, 76, head of Harris Hearing Aids, was charged in 3rd District Court with
six felony counts, including tax evasion, a second-degree felony, and failure to
file a tax return, a third-degree felony. The Utah State Tax Commission said it
believes Harris made about $5 million between 2003 and 2007 but has not filed a
return or paid any income taxes since at least 1996. The commission believes he
owes the state approximately $700,000 in taxes, penalties and interest. Reached
at his business Wednesday, Harris said he has done nothing wrong. He said he has
not filed a return over those years because of a dispute with the Internal
Revenue Service. Harris said he has not heard from state investigators in more
than a year. "They pulled this surprise on me yesterday, and it's totally
wrong." Charlie Roberts, spokesman for the Tax Commission, said it was
"unfortunate" the commission had to file charges, but fighting with the IRS is
not an excuse for refusing to pay taxes. "We're all required to file income-tax
returns," he said. ? Paul Koepp

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                             March 11, 2011 Friday

Carlsbad Dr. to be sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Martha Mauritson Current-Argus Managing Editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


CARLSBAD -- Sentencing has been set in federal court for a local doctor and his
wife, who were convicted in September 2010 of income tax evasion and conspiracy.

Dr. Mark Hopkins and Sharon Hopkins were found guilty by a U.S. District Court
jury of seven counts of tax evasion and one count of conspiracy.

They now are set for sentencing on May 17 in Albuquerque.

Each of the defendants faces up to 40 years in prison and a maximum $2 million
fine, according to information from the U.S. Attorney for the District of New
Mexico, Kenneth J. Gonzales.

Mark Hopkins was an emergency room physician at Carlsbad Medical Center, while
Sharon Hopkins was a part owner of My Favorite New Mexico Foods, which
manufactured and sold traditional N.M. foods including red and green chile.

The couple were accused of failing to file accurate personal tax returns
beginning in 1997.

Mark Hopkins allegedly had paid just $21.25 in federal taxes, although he had
earned more than $3 million during the same period.

The couple allegedly owed about $1.3 million in back taxes from 1996 to 2007.
They also filed no state returns and paid no state income tax for that time
period.

At trial, Hopkins argued that his income from the hospital was not taxable
because it was simply an exchange of labor for time.

Evidence presented by prosecutors showed that the couple used a purported
religious entity, called Shalom Enterprises, to shield their income. They paid a
number of personal expenses, such as mortgage, credit cards and a timeshare in
Mexico, out of the Shalom bank account. They may have used as many as nine such
sham entities to conceal their asssets.

They also were accused of sending threatening letters to IRS employees,
threatening them with criminal charges if they did not stop collection efforts
against the Hopkinses.

Mark Hopkins was well-known in Carlsbad for his anti-tax stand, and was
photographed by the Current-Argus in a public tax protest outside the local post
office on April 15, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

BRIEF: Carbondale man sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 97 words


Dec. 07--SCRANTON -- U.S. District Judge Malachy Mannion recently sentenced a
Carbondale man to spend 10 months on house arrest followed by three years of
probation for tax evasion.

Prosecutors said 65-year-old Thomas Rice had power of attorney for his mother
and avoided paying $65,000 of her taxes between 2004 and 2008. Mr. Rice paid
more than $56,000 in restitution prior to sentencing, according to prosecutors.

-- CLAYTON OVER

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161207-YT-BRF-Carbondale-man-sentenced-for-tax-evasion-1207-20161207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Peninsula fire chief pleads not guilty to felony grand theft, tax evasion

BYLINE: Erin Ivie, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


Dec. 05--REDWOOD CITY -- The chief of the Central County Fire Department pleaded
not guilty Thursday to 10 felony charges in a case prosecutors say was a
"sophisticated" scheme that netted thousands of dollars through the use of
fraudulent credit cards at a fake business controlled by his wife.

Chief Mark Ladas faces six counts of felony grand theft, two counts of tax
evasion and two counts of filing false reports, deputy District Attorney Karen
Guidotti said. The chief, who was placed on paid administrative leave in light
of his arrest, surrendered his passport and was ordered not to leave the state
without the court's permission.

Ladas was arrested Wednesday and held overnight on $80,000 bail while the court
examined the source of his bail money, Guidotti said. His sister appeared in the
Redwood City courtroom where Ladas entered his plea Thursday with an affidavit
declaring that the funds she was using were legitimate.

Prosecutors say Ladas was involved in the scheme with his wife, Peta, during
which he illegally obtained nearly $35,000.

From January 2011 to June 2013, Peta Ladas reportedly opened several fraudulent
credit cards using false names, then started a fake business to use the cards to
make false transactions and deposit money into fraudulent bank accounts.

Advertisement

Peta Ladas was arrested in December 2012, but fled the county after Mark Ladas
posted her $10,000 bail in cash, Guidotti said. A maid at a Burlingame hotel
where Peta Ladas stayed just before she fled turned over to Burlingame police a
wallet left behind in her room with Mark Ladas' ID and several fake credit
cards.

The suspicious discovery led the District Attorney's office to open a separate
investigation into Mark Ladas' own accounts, Guidotti said. Before long,
investigators reportedly found nearly $35,000 of fraudulent funds deposited in
three of Ladas' personal bank accounts.

Neither Mark nor Peta Ladas claimed any of the proceeds from the phony business
on their 2011 or 2012 tax returns, prosecutors said.

Deputy Fire Chief John Kammeyer has been appointed acting fire chief, Chief
Administrative Officer Lisa Goldman said. The Central County Fire Department
serves Hillsborough, Burlingame, Millbrae and San Bruno.

Ladas will attend a Superior Court review of his case Jan. 22, followed by a
preliminary hearing Feb. 26. He was released from the Maguire Correctional
Facility in Redwood City Thursday afternoon within hours of his arraignment.

Staff writer Katie Nelson contributed to this report. Follow Erin Ivie at
Twitter.com/erin_ivie.

___ (c)2014 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141205-SM-Peninsula-fire-chief-pleads-not-guilty-to-felony-grand-theft-
tax-evasion-1205-20141205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2014 Small Business column


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Lawrence physician, author sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: The Capital-Journal

LENGTH: 220 words


KANSAS CITY, Kan. - A Lawrence physician who specialized in treating obeisty and
who co-authored a book with the late Robert Atkins was convicted Friday on
charges of tax evasion.

Barry Grissom, the U.S. Attorney for Kansas, said Mary C. Vernon was convicted
on five counts of tax evasion in Kansas City, Kan., federal district court.

Vernon practiced in Lawrence and Shawnee as well as serving as medical director
for a number of nursing homes. She was the co-author of the "Atkins Diabetes
Revolution."

Grissom said evidence presented at trial showed Vernon earned approximately
$588,686 for services she provided in 2003 and 2004 to Atkins Nutritionals,
Inc., a company that sold weight loss programs and products. From 2005 to 2008
she earned an additional $190,000 to promote Atkins' nutritional theories.

Prosecutors said Vernon failed to pay taxes from 1991 through 2005, and that the
IRS subsequently collected around $2 million for taxes, interest and penalties
through levies and seizures.

Vernon also was accused of establishing a corporation, Rockledge Medical
Services, in 2003 as a sham to avoid paying taxes, which she failed to do from
2004 through 2008.

Sentencing will be set for a later date. Grissom said Vernon faces a maximum
penalty of five years in federal prison and a fine up to $250,000 on each count.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News of Newburyport (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 7, 2012 Wednesday

Amesbury man pleads not guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Dave Rogers, The Daily News of Newburyport, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Nov. 07--AMESBURY -- Bruce Bourassa, president of a local landscaping company,
pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Monday at Suffolk Superior Court in Boston
on 22 counts of tax evasion.

Attorney General Martha Coakley said Bourassa, 43, of Willowdale Court, and his
business, Green Company Landscaping & Irrigation, failed to pay more than
$445,000 into the state's unemployment trust fund over a period of six years,
from 2006 to 2012.

Bourassa was indicted by a Suffolk County grand jury in late September on the
charge of non-payment of employer contributions, according to Coakley's office.

He was released on personal recognizance following his arraignment and is due
back in court on Dec. 13 for a pre-trial conference. Clerk Magistrate Gary
Wilson presided over the arraignment.

A call to Bourassa's residence yesterday afternoon was not returned.

According to authorities, Bourassa has been the president and treasurer of Green
Company since 1997. Authorities allege that although the company had previously
complied with its employer tax contributions, it stopped paying the necessary
taxes beginning in October 2006 through January 2012. During this time, the
company continued to operate and pay wages to its workers. As a result of the
alleged fraud, Bourassa and Green Company failed to pay more than $445,000 in
required contributions, including interest.

Despite the company's lack of contribution to the unemployment fund, workers
formerly employed by Green Company were able to collect more than $595,000 in
benefits after their separation from the business.

The prosecution of insurance fraud helps prevent the increase in premiums and
taxes that are the result of fraudulent insurance claims, officials say. In
2011, Coakley's Insurance and Unemployment Fraud Division obtained $5,578,934 in
restitution orders in 33 matters.

The case against Bourassa is being handled by assistant attorneys general
Jennifer Adreani and David Andrews, chief of Coakley's Insurance and
Unemployment Fraud Division, with assistance from investigators Tracey Wetterlow
and Rose Bagalawis of the attorney general's office and Richard Carney, director
of revenue enforcement and audit.

___ (c)2012 The Daily News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) Visit The Daily
News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) at www.newburyportnews.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121107-ZN-Amesbury-man-pleads-not-guilty-to-tax-evasion-1107-20121107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZN


                  Copyright 2012 The Daily News of Newburyport


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                                 July 30, 2009

U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit: U.S. v. Beale

BYLINE: Stephanie Maniscalco

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 208  words


Criminal Law: Tax Evasion - Sufficiency Of Evidence - Recusal

U.S. v. Beale (MLW No. 59444/Case No. 08-3205 - 13 pages) (U.S. Court of
Appeals, 8th Circuit, Shepherd, J.)

(1)Where a defendant in a tax evasion case argued that the sincerity of his
anti-tax beliefs prevented the government from showing that he willfully
violated tax laws, the defendant's interpretations of tax law has been
repeatedly rejected by courts, and the evidence was sufficient to show that the
defendant knew his tax obligations and willfully evaded them.

(2)Where a defendant in a tax-evasion case argued that a judge should have
recused herself entitling him to a new trial, the defendant's efforts to
intimidate the judge were clearly intended to be discovered by the judge because
the defendant intended to have her served with an "arrest warrant," so recusal
is improper where a party threatens a judge in an attempt to manipulate the
judicial system.

Judgment is affirmed.

U.S. v. Beale (MLW No. 59444/Case No. 08-3205 - 13 pages) (U.S. Court of
Appeals, 8th Circuit, Shepherd, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, District
of Minnesota, Montgomery, J. (Glenn P. Bruder, Edina, Minn., argued for
appellant) (Timothy Christopher Rank, Minneapolis, argued for appellee).

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          November 24, 2004 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LAW & ORDER

BYLINE: A staff report

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 367 words


HILLSBOROUGH

Hooters Co-Founder Pleads Not Guilty

TAMPA -- A founder of the Hooters restaurant chain pleaded not guilty to federal
tax evasion charges Tuesday.

In U.S. District Court in Tampa, Lynn "L.D." Stewart pleaded not guilty to two
counts of tax evasion and two counts of filing a false tax return. The tax
evasion counts carry a maximum penalty of five years each in prison, and the
latter charges carry a maximum of three years of incarceration each. Each count
carries a possible fine of up to $250,000, according to federal prosecutors.

Stewart, 61, was indicted last month and accused of understating taxable income
in 1997 and 1998 and failing to pay $4 million in taxes. He is co-founder of the
Hooters chain, which began in Clearwater in 1983.

30-Year Sentence Set For Attempted Killings

TAMPA -- A federal judge sentenced a Haines City man to 30 years in prison for
attempting to get other people to kill witnesses and FBI agents in a kidnapping
and sexual abuse case.

U.S. District Judge Steven Merryday sentenced Eugene T. Allums on Tuesday for
attempted murder and two solicitation to commit murder convictions from Aug. 11.

According to a news release, Allums was convicted of trying to have two
witnesses and two FBI agents killed to prevent them from testifying against in
him in a kidnapping case.

Allums was arrested in October 2002 after he was found in Las Vegas with two of
his children. He did not have custody of them. The children were missing for
more than a year.

Suspended Parks Director Decides To Retire

PLANT CITY -- The city's recreation and parks director, suspended since his
arrest in July on child molestation charges, has decided to retire.

Richard "Cal" Calhoun notified the city of his retirement in a letter dated Nov.
15. Calhoun worked for the city for about 30 years, including 25 years as head
of the recreation and parks department.

Calhoun, 55, was arrested by Tampa police on charges of performing an unlawful
sex act on a minor, performing a lewd and lascivious act on a minor, and showing
obscene material to a minor. He is free on $3,000 bail.

A staff report

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PUBLIC SAFETY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 20, 1991, Friday

NATION IN BRIEF; His soul intact, Hayden will run again

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 08

LENGTH: 632 words


California Assemblyman Tom Hayden, squeezed out of his home district by proposed
reapportionment plans, said Thursday that fellow Democrats redrew district lines
because "I've exhibited an unwillingness to sell my soul."

Mr. Hayden said he plans to remain a Democrat but will run for re- election in
an as-yet-undetermined district in a campaign against political machines.  The
proposed Assembly reapportionment plans approved Thursday would reduce the
number of districts in Los Angeles and divide much of Mr. Hayden's district
between two other Democrats.

Mr. Hayden, 51, has represented the 44th District since 1982. He is a former
husband of actress Jane Fonda and was a leader of the U.S. anti- war movement in
the 1960s.

HOTEL QUEEN WANTS NEW TRIAL: Self-styled hotel queen Leona Helmsley, whose tax
evasion conviction was recently upheld on appeal, demanded a new trial Thursday
on grounds that the Internal Revenue Service has not completed an audit of her
tax returns. Her attorney, Alan Dershowitz, said it would be unfair for Helmsley
to begin serving a four-year prison sentence when an IRS audit might clear her
of charges that she underpaid federal taxes in 1983, 1984 and 1985. Helmsley was
convicted in August 1989 of conspiracy, tax evasion and other tax-related
charges, but remains free on $ 25 million bail.

MEDFLY HERE TO STAY? The crop-eating Medfly is entrenched in the Los Angeles
area and future major outbreaks are inevitable, contrary to official claims that
the insect was eradicated by pesticides, according to a study in today's issue
of the journal Science. The Mediterranean fruit fly is a serious threat to
California's $ 16 billion agriculture industry. The study by James R. Carey, a
University of California-Davis entomology instructor, offers evidence that the
state never got rid of the Medfly but only killed enough so that they wouldn't
be detected by trapping.

CHARGES REDUCED FOR PARENTS WHO CHAINED GIRL: Charges were reduced Thursday
against the parents of a 15-year-old New York City girl they chained at home to
keep her off the streets and away from drugs. Eliezer and Maria Marrero now face
misdemeanor unlawful imprisonment charges. Initially they were charged with
felony imprisonment. The case remains under investigation, but if their
daughter, Linda, doesn't file a complaint in 90 days, the charges will be
dropped. She was routinely chained in the family's apartment, with enough slack
to reach the bathroom.

CONNECTICUT LAYS OFF 2,500 WORKERS: Pink slips went out to more than 2,500
Connecticut state workers Thursday as negotiators pursued talks on wage
concessions that Gov. Lowell P. Weicker Jr. insists are necessary to avert
layoffs. Mr. Weicker said he is prepared to lay off as many as 8,000 of 43,000
state employees starting Oct. 3 unless unions agree to $ 346 million in
concessions.

SPACE TRAVELERS SLIM FASTER: Astronauts quickly lose weight in space and return
to Earth a little slimmer than when they left, scientists said Thursday in
releasing findings from NASA's most elaborate medical research mission. NASA
scientist Carolyn Leach said the seven astronauts who flew aboard the space
shuttle Columbia in June lost up to 6 pounds apiece after just one day in orbit.
As the nine-day mission wore on, they gained back all but 2 to 3 pounds, she
said.; ELSEWHERE

A 1,200-acre fire raged in Shasta Trinity National Forest in California,
destroying one house and threatening others despite the efforts of more than
1,000 firefighters. . . . Julio Gonzalez, 37, the man who set the March 25,
1990, fire at New York's Happy Land Social Club that killed 87 people, received
the maximum sentence: 25 years to life in prison.

Compiled from wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Leona Helmsley wipes her eyes Thursday at a news conference
where the hotel queen demanded a new trial on tax evasion charges. / The
Associated Press

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday

Restaurant owner indicted for tax evasion and willful failure t pay taxes (4:30
p.m.)

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


A Washington state man wanted on charges of tax evasion was arrested by IRS
agents Tuesday in Las Cruces.

On Friday, a U.S. magistrate judge in Las Cruces released William Robertson, 67,
of Everett, Wash., on an unsecured bond and ordered him to appear in Seattle to
face the charges.

Robertson, who owned and controlled various restaurants operating under the Hot
Rod Café name, was indicted last month by a federal grand jury in Seattle on two
counts of willful failure to pay taxes and one count of tax evasion, according
to a news release.

According to the indictment, in 2004 and 2005, Robertson was the owner of the
Hot Rod Café in Mountlake Terrace, Wash. During those years, Robertson allegedly
withheld about $36,503 from employees' pay for Social Security, Medicare and
income taxes. Robertson failed to pay the money to the government for his
employees' taxes.

Additionally, in 2005, he controlled HRC Enterprises Inc. The company operated a
restaurant in Mukilteo, Wash., which was also called the Hot Rod Café. The
indictment alleges that Robertson withheld about $2,951 from employee checks,
but failed to make the payment for the Social Security, Medicare and income
taxes.

The final count of tax evasion concerns penalties assessed to Robertson in 1996
and 1997, again for failing to pay the trust fund portion of employment taxes
and withheld employee income taxes. Between 1992 and 1996, Robertson operated
various restaurants and was responsible for the tax payments. When he failed to
make the payments, the IRS imposed penalties totaling more than $491,000.

According to the indictment, Robertson tried to evade payment of these penalties
by hiding his ownership of two corporations: Seabill Inc. and SMB Enterprises
Inc., by filing false income tax returns, and by making false claims to IRS
agents.

Robertson faces up to five years in prison on each charge and a $250,000 fine.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a
court of law.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 20, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Landlord of Missing Couple Is Denied Bail in Fraud Case

BYLINE: By DAVID ROHDE

SECTION: Section B;  Page 2;  Column 3;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 516 words


The landlord of a missing couple from lower Manhattan was denied bail yesterday
and ordered jailed until his trial on state charges of tax and credit card
fraud. The landlord, Robert Rodriguez, 57, is accused of taking over the
identity of a dead man and laundering more than $1.3 million in business income
to avoid paying taxes.

He has also been indicted on Federal charges of tax evasion.

Mr. Rodriguez has been the focus of an intensive law enforcement investigation
since November 1997, when two of his tenants, Camden Sylvia and Michael
Sullivan, vanished. The couple had a $300-a-month rent-stabilized loft at 76
Pearl Street. Officials have found no trace of the couple, and Mr. Rodriguez has
not been charged in the case. But friends of the couple's say they suspect Mr.
Rodriguez may have played a role in their disappearance.

After an hourlong presentation by Mr. Rodriguez's lawyers and a brief rebuttal
by prosecutors at State Supreme Court in Manhattan, Acting Justice Laura E.
Drager denied bail. She said the landlord "presented two faces" and she did not
know which one was real -- the responsible businessman portrayed by the defense
or the con artist and tax cheat portrayed by prosecutors.

"I have no confidence in knowing the defendant's true financial status," Justice
Drager said. "I have no confidence in knowing who Mr. Rodriguez really is and
what his resources really are."

Mr. Rodriguez's lawyer, Michael Rosen, accused prosecutors and neighbors of the
missing couple of "character assassination," "destroying Bob Rodriguez's life"
and using "dogs, helicopters and infra-red rays" to search Mr. Rodriguez's
Orange County home and the Pearl Street building.

Saying the landlord sold his Pearl Street building this month to cover legal
expenses, Mr. Rosen told Justice Drager that if Mr. Rodriguez were guilty he
would have fled long ago. "He'd be over in Pogo-land, wherever that is," Mr.
Rosen said.

But the prosecutor, Joel Seidemann, cited Mr. Rodriguez's still unexplained
two-week disappearance after the couple vanished as evidence that he could flee
again. Describing one fraud scheme, Mr. Seidemann said that Mr. Rodriguez went
to his local bank and said he was opening an account in the name of Allen
Rodriguez, "a relative."

But Allen Rodriguez was an Orange County man who died of AIDS in 1994 and was
not related to Mr. Rodriguez, according to prosecutors. The landlord went on to
set up numerous phone and credit card accounts in the dead man's name, using
them to pay for hotels and gambling. With outstanding balances of $7,000, Mr.
Rodriguez stopped paying the bills on the accounts.

Friends of the missing couple protested outside the courthouse yesterday morning
holding a banner asking "Robert Rodriguez: Where are Camden and Michael?"

The tenants suggested that the new owners of the Pearl Street building had ties
to Mr. Rodriguez.

Jack Lepper, the lawyer representing the new owners, said he would not disclose
their identities, but he confirmed that he shares office space with Mr.
Rodriguez's longtime lawyer.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Robert Rodriguez is accused of tax evasion and credit card
fraud. (Frances Roberts for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 9, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Daily Dish

BYLINE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Daily Dish; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 317 words


Gabbana, Dolce face trial for tax evasion

CELEBRITY . Italian fashion designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana, who
count model Naomi Campbell and pop star Madonna among their friends, will stand
trial over alleged tax evasion, according to legal sources and a court filing
seen by Reuters.

Milanese judge Giuseppe Gennari gave the green light for prosecutors to bring
the fashion duo to court over allegations of tax evasion offences totalling
about $1.25 billion.

The decision in the longrunning case came after a higher court overturned a
previous acquittal of the two glamorous designers, who have denied any
wrongdoing .

Milan prosecutors allege the fashion duo had sold their D&G and Dolce & Gabbana
brands to a holding company they set up in Luxembourg in 2004 to avoid paying
high taxes in Italy.

CBS casts stone at Glass House

TELEVISION . CBS asked a judge to issue a temporary restraining order to keep
ABC's Glass House off the air until CBS's case accusing it of ripping off its
own Big Brother can go to trial.

In a motion filed Thursday, CBS contends that the ABC show, set to premiere June
18, has not only stolen the concept of Big Brother - 12 to 14 people live in a
house where moves are monitored - but also poached former staffers from Big
Brother. CBS also accuses the ABC show of stealing trade secrets that enable Big
Brother to produce episodes with very quick turnaround time, even as fans
monitor the house live online.

New Hudson trial pending

CELEBRITY . A Chicago judge says he'll decide next month on the request for a
new trial for the man convicted of killing three members of Oscar winner
Jennifer Hudson's family. Judge Charles Burns on Friday set a July 24 date to
rule on the request from William Balfour's attorneys. Cook County prosecutors
and defence attorneys are expected to argue the motion that day. If Balfour's
conviction stands, sentencing is expected to follow.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday

Former Morgan County Bail Bondsman Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



  The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to Monday's guilty plea of James Maxey Rose
II to tax evasion, a Class E felony.  Rose, 40, was a former bail bondsman for
Cumberland Bail Bonding.





 Judge Jeffery Wicks accepted Rose's guilty plea to one count of tax evasion.
He was ordered to pay a $50 fine, a $50 contribution to the Fraud and Economic
Crime Fund, court costs, and $1,164 in restitution to the State of Tennessee.
Rose was placed on one year supervised probation and granted judicial diversion.




 "Our state's tax structure depends on voluntary taxpayer compliance to remit
money collected from customers," Revenue Commissioner David Gerregano said.
"Taxpayers who fail to remit collected taxes violate the public trust and the
criminal laws of Tennessee.  This guilty plea highlights our rigorous and
impartial administration of the state's tax laws."



 The Department pursued this criminal case in cooperation with District Attorney
Russell Johnson's office.  Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's
revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX
(372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws.  The Department collects about 87 percent
of total state revenue.  During the 2016 fiscal year, it collected $13.5 billion
in state taxes and fees and more than $2.6 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Tennessee: Former Morgan County Bail Bondsman Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to Monday's guilty plea of James Maxey Rose
II to tax evasion, a Class E felony.  Rose, 40, was a former bail bondsman for
Cumberland Bail Bonding.





 Judge Jeffery Wicks accepted Rose's guilty plea to one count of tax evasion.
He was ordered to pay a $50 fine, a $50 contribution to the Fraud and Economic
Crime Fund, court costs, and $1,164 in restitution to the State of Tennessee.
Rose was placed on one year supervised probation and granted judicial diversion.




 "Our state's tax structure depends on voluntary taxpayer compliance to remit
money collected from customers," Revenue Commissioner David Gerregano said.
"Taxpayers who fail to remit collected taxes violate the public trust and the
criminal laws of Tennessee.  This guilty plea highlights our rigorous and
impartial administration of the state's tax laws."



 The Department pursued this criminal case in cooperation with District Attorney
Russell Johnson's office.  Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's
revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX
(372-8389).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Tennessee: Knox County Businesswoman Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



 The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the indictment and arrest of Mosamod
Halima Aktar for tax evasion.  Department of Revenue special agents arrested
Aktar, 38, at Discount Tobacco & Grocery on Thursday.





 On November 30, the Knox County Grand Jury indicted Aktar on felony counts of
theft and violation of Tennessee tax laws.  The indictments charge that Aktar
failed to remit sales tax due for Discount Tobacco & Grocery, located at 3120
East Magnolia Avenue in Knoxville. Bond was set at $20,000.



 "Tennessee's tax structure depends on taxpayers voluntarily complying with the
laws," Revenue Commissioner Richard Roberts said.  "Taxpayers, who collect but
intentionally do not remit sales tax, breach the public's trust and violate the
criminal laws of the state.  This cause underscores our commitment to rigorous
and fair tax administration."



 If convicted, Aktar could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the state
penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for each count of tax evasion. She could be
sentenced to a maximum of six years in the state penitentiary and fined up to
$10,000 for theft of property.



 The Department is pursuing this criminal case in cooperation with District
Attorney Charme Allen's office.  Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's
revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX
(372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws, as well as the collection of
taxes and fees associated with those laws.  The Department collects about 87
percent of total state revenue.  During the 2016 fiscal year, it collected $13.5
billion in state taxes and fees, and more than $2.6 billion in taxes and fees
for local governments.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: Knox County Businesswoman Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



  The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to the indictment and arrest of Mosamod
Halima Aktar for tax evasion.  Department of Revenue special agents arrested
Aktar, 38, at Discount Tobacco & Grocery on Thursday.





 On November 30, the Knox County Grand Jury indicted Aktar on felony counts of
theft and violation of Tennessee tax laws.  The indictments charge that Aktar
failed to remit sales tax due for Discount Tobacco & Grocery, located at 3120
East Magnolia Avenue in Knoxville. Bond was set at $20,000.



 "Tennessee's tax structure depends on taxpayers voluntarily complying with the
laws," Revenue Commissioner Richard Roberts said.  "Taxpayers, who collect but
intentionally do not remit sales tax, breach the public's trust and violate the
criminal laws of the state.  This cause underscores our commitment to rigorous
and fair tax administration."



 If convicted, Aktar could be sentenced to a maximum of two years in the state
penitentiary and fined up to $3,000 for each count of tax evasion. She could be
sentenced to a maximum of six years in the state penitentiary and fined up to
$10,000 for theft of property.



 The Department is pursuing this criminal case in cooperation with District
Attorney Charme Allen's office.  Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's
revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX
(372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws, as well as the collection of
taxes and fees associated with those laws.  The Department collects about 87
percent of total state revenue.  During the 2016 fiscal year, it collected $13.5
billion in state taxes and fees, and more than $2.6 billion in taxes and fees
for local governments.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Former Sandy pet store owner charged with tax evasion

LENGTH: 455 words


By Pat Reavy

Deseret News

SANDY - The former owner of a pet store in Sandy that underwent several name
changes has been charged with felony tax evasion.

Robert James Young, 62, was charged Wednesday in 3rd District Court with two
counts of tax evasion, a second-degree felony; two counts of failing to render a
proper tax return, a third-degree felony; and engaging in a pattern of unlawful
activity, a second-degree felony.

A warrant was issued for Young's arrest on Wednesday.

Young, the manager of Pet Mall LLC, which did business under the name Incredible
Pets, 8695 S. Highland Drive, failed to pay taxes in 1999 and 2000, the charges
state.

"The Utah State Tax Commission made numerous attempts to collect the amounts due
... speaking with Young 20 times on the phone, mailing 24 collection letters and
filing 32 tax liens," the charges state.

Nearly $146,000 of unpaid taxes, interest and penalties was written off as "bad
debt" by the tax commission. Pet Mall's sales tax license was revoked, according
to charging documents.

In 2002, Young established Incredible Pets Inc. and continued operating at the
same location, according to prosecutors. The business did not pay sales tax from
2008 to 2010, the charges state.

Again, the Utah State Tax Commission made numerous attempts to collect from
Young, including talking to him 30 times on the phone, mailing 61 collection
letters to him and filing 30 tax liens, according to the charges. The process to
revoke Incredible Pets' license began in 2009.

As part of a settlement agreement, Young agreed to sell the store to his son for
$12,000 and put that money toward paying off what he owed, the charges state.
Prosecutors say he also agreed to have no further involvement in the pet store.

The commission said it received $12,000 as promised but hasn't seen any money
since then. Young still owes $138,000.

The new store, CY Pets, filed a sales tax return during its first month of
operation in 2010, but never filed another one up until its closing in 2011,
according to prosecutors.

"Evidence shows that apart from organizing the new company and opening the new
bank account, (the son) had no involvement in CY Pets," according to the
charges.

In fact, Young's son lived in California. The son told an investigator from the
Utah Attorney General's Office in January that "he never worked there, managed
the store or participated in CY Pets. He said the company had been put in his
name because the store had gained a bad reputation from disgruntled employees,"
according to the charges. Two employees also told investigators they had never
met Young's son or even knew who he was.

It was determined that CY Pets owned $54,000 in taxes.

Email: preavy@deseretnews.com

Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Washington: Local Chiropractor Sentenced on Health Care Fraud and Tax Evasion
Charges

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A local chiropractor was sentenced on September 5, 2013, in United States
District Court in Wheeling by Judge Frederick P. Stamp, Jr.

The United States Attorney's Office announced that:

Joseph J. Yurigan, age 62, of New Alexandria, Pennsylvania, was sentenced to 18
months' imprisonment, to be followed by two years of supervised release. Yurigan
entered pleas of guilty on October 9, 2012, to one count of health care fraud by
submitting a fraudulent claim to a health care benefit program and one count of
Income Tax Evasion for the calendar year 2008. Yurigan, a doctor of chiropractic
medicine and licensed to practice in the state of West Virginia, operated two
chiropractic clinics in the Northern District of West Virginia. One clinic is
located in Weirton, West Virginia, and is operated under the name Weirton
Chiropractic Clinic. The other clinic was operated under the name Wheeling Spine
Center.

As part of his plea, Yurigan will make restitution of $513,373.92 for the health
care violation and $322,692.03 for the tax evasion violation.

Yurigan, who is free on bond, will self-report to the designated federal
institution on October 7, 2013.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Randolph J.
Bernard and Alan G. McGonigal and investigated by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Ohio Bureau of Workers Compensation-Special Investigations
Department, the West Virginia Insurance Commission-Fraud Investigation Unit, and
the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigations.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Local Chiropractor Sentenced on Health Care Fraud and Tax Evasion
Charges

LENGTH: 276  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A local chiropractor was sentenced on September 5, 2013, in United States
District Court in Wheeling by Judge Frederick P. Stamp, Jr.

The United States Attorney's Office announced that:

Joseph J. Yurigan, age 62, of New Alexandria, Pennsylvania, was sentenced to 18
months' imprisonment, to be followed by two years of supervised release. Yurigan
entered pleas of guilty on October 9, 2012, to one count of health care fraud by
submitting a fraudulent claim to a health care benefit program and one count of
Income Tax Evasion for the calendar year 2008. Yurigan, a doctor of chiropractic
medicine and licensed to practice in the state of West Virginia, operated two
chiropractic clinics in the Northern District of West Virginia. One clinic is
located in Weirton, West Virginia, and is operated under the name Weirton
Chiropractic Clinic. The other clinic was operated under the name Wheeling Spine
Center.

As part of his plea, Yurigan will make restitution of $513,373.92 for the health
care violation and $322,692.03 for the tax evasion violation.

Yurigan, who is free on bond, will self-report to the designated federal
institution on October 7, 2013.

This case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Randolph J.
Bernard and Alan G. McGonigal and investigated by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Ohio Bureau of Workers Compensation-Special Investigations
Department, the West Virginia Insurance Commission-Fraud Investigation Unit, and
the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigations.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 3, 2009 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

First Client From U.S. Is Arrested In UBS Case

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 518 words


Federal authorities have arrested a wealthy American client of the Swiss bank
UBS on charges of tax evasion.

The client, Steven Michael Rubinstein, an accountant, was arrested in Boca
Raton, Fla., and charged with one criminal count of filing a false and
fraudulent tax return, according to court papers unsealed on Thursday.

The arrest is the first of an  American client of UBS, which has been under
criminal investigation for helping scores of wealthy Americans evade taxes
through secret offshore accounts that went unreported to the Internal Revenue
Service. It signals that federal authorities are making good on a promise to
pursue American clients suspected of tax evasion, and in some cases to make
indictments.

UBS admitted in February to conspiracy to defraud the I.R.S. by helping scores
of wealthy Americans hide nearly $20 billion overseas.

The bank paid $780 million to settle the charges, but it remains under
investigation, as do its American clients. The admission has helped to open the
world of offshore banking and dealt a death blow to Swiss financial secrecy.

The arrest came as a result of client documents and data on Mr. Rubinstein that
UBS turned over to federal authorities as part of the deal.

Mr. Rubinstein had an account with UBS worth at least $6 million, including
stock and gold coins worth $2 million, according to court papers filed in
Federal District Court in Fort Lauderdale. He holds both United States and South
African passports.

A federal magistrate judge set a bail bond hearing for  Tuesday. Federal
authorities had been prepared to offer Mr. Rubinstein the opportunity to post
bond but changed their minds based on what the court papers, which were unsealed
on Thursday, said were Mr. Rubinstein's false statements to authorities over the
last year.

Mr. Rubinstein, the papers said, worked for an international company, most
recently out of Coral Gables, Fla., that helped wealthy Americans buy, sell and
build yachts.

From  2001 to 2008, according to court documents, Mr. Rubinstein  regularly met
with private bankers for UBS, at the Art Basel Miami Beach art fair  --  a
popular recruiting ground for UBS bankers --  at  a shopping center in West Palm
Beach, at restaurants across south Florida and at his residence.

He planned to use a part of his UBS accounts to build a house in Boca Raton,
Fla. He transferred money from his offshore UBS account to accounts at  another
bank  in Monaco and in New York. The transfers moved through an entity called
Hybridge International Limited that Mr. Rubinstein had set up in the British
Virgin Islands, a Caribbean offshore tax haven, in 2001, the court filing said.

Prosecutors accused Mr. Rubinstein of filing a false 2007 federal income tax
return that omitted his offshore holdings.

Robert Panoff, a lawyer in Miami for Mr. Rubinstein, was unavailable for
comment, according to his office.

Mr. Rubinstein's name was among 285 that UBS turned over in February as part of
its settlement. It is unclear how UBS chose the names, and the bank is under
legal pressure to disclose up to 52,000 American names.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 27, 2009 Tuesday

East Bay Roundup: School districts receive grants

BYLINE: Valley Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Crime; Education; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 727 words


Tri-Valley

GIFTS FOR SCHOOLS: The San Ramon Valley, Livermore, Pleasanton and Dubiln school
districts and Las Positas Community College Foundation each received a $5,000
gift Tuesday from Lawrence Livermore National Security LLC, which manages
Lawrence Livermore Laboratory.

In a written statement, George Miller, lab director and president of LLNS, said:
"Both LLNS and the laboratory are committed to supporting science and
mathematics education in the community. These gifts are a direct investment in
the science and engineering of tomorrow."

The money comes from the LLNS Corporate Giving Program. The gift program
donations come from the fee LLNS receives to manage the lab.

Kelly Gust

San Jose

Former prostitute pleads guilty to tax evasion: A former Bay Area woman who
worked as a high-priced call girl to pay off her Stanford Law School loans has
pleaded guilty to tax evasion.

Cristina Warthen, 35, now of Los Angeles but formerly of Palo Alto and Oakland,
entered her plea Monday before U.S. District Judge James Ware of San Jose. She
is scheduled to be sentenced June 15.

The maximum penalty is five years in prison and a $100,000 fine, but Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation Division Special Agent Arlette Lee said
Warthen's plea agreement indicates she will pay the government $313,133.74 and
serve three years probation including one year of home confinement.

In her plea agreement, Warthen   Cristina Schultz, before she married
millionaire Ask.com co-founder David Warthen in May 2004   acknowledged that she
ran an escort business in which she exchanged sexual acts for money.

Josh Richman

Dublin

KILLING SUSPECTS RETURN TO COURT: The three people charged in the death of a
91-year-old Dublin woman were in court in Pleasanton on Tuesday, but did not
enter pleas.

Rosa Hill, 33, and her mother, Mei Li, 55, are accused of killing Selma "Sally"
Hill at her Peppertree Drive home Jan. 7 and of trying to kill Hill's grandson.
Eric Hill, 37. Eric Hill is the estranged husband of Rosa Hill. He lived at the
house with his grandmother and his 2-year-old daughter.

Eric Hill told police that he returned from work Jan. 7 and was attacked by his
estranged wife and her mother, who were waiting inside the Dublin home. Police
later found Selma Hill's body in a trash can outside. She had Taser and stun-gun
burns and strangulation marks on her neck.

Ping Li, 68, the father of Rosa Hill and husband of Mei Li, has been charged
with being an accessory after the fact. Police found him in a car parked outside
the Dublin house. He said he was waiting for his wife so they could return home
to Antioch.

The three will return to court Friday to enter pleas.

Ping Li's attorney, Ted Berry, has also requested a bail hearing for his client.
All three suspects are now held without bail at Santa Rita Jail in Dublin

Sophia Kazmi

Dublin

council to explore city's long-term plan: The Dublin City Council will meet at 9
a.m. Saturday to discuss the strategies and goals for the city's 10-year
strategic plan.

The meeting will be held at the Dublin Library, 200 Civic Plaza. The council
will consider revisions or additions to the strategic plan that includes six
steps to reach city goals.

The strategies include establishing villages within the city; to facilitate and
encourage continued investment downtown; developing a transportation system that
allows easy movement through town; creation of an open space network to ensure
environmental protection and provide public access; to continue to develop a
community with a balance of jobs, housing and services in a fiscally sound
manner; and to develop dynamic community facilities that provide unique
recreational and cultural experiences.

Robert Jordan

Moraga

PROTEST to begin ahead of ayers speech: A protest before tonight's speech by
1970s anti-war militant and University of Illinois education professor Bill
Ayers will begin at 6 p.m. at Saint Mary's College.

Ayers is a founder of the Vietnam-era Weather Underground, whose members
detonated bombs in public buildings to protest the war.

The free lecture begins at 7:30 p.m. at the Soda Center on the Saint Mary's
College campus in Moraga. For details on the speech, visit
www.stmarys-ca.edu/news-and-events.

The protest starts at 6 p.m. across from the Soda Center. For details on the
protest, visit www.pipelinenews.org/stmarys.html .

Lisa Vorderbrueggen

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday

S.L. man convicted of fraud, tax evasion

LENGTH: 174 words


A Salt Lake businessman was convicted last week of tax evasion and fraud for
failing to pay nearly $2 million in income taxes.

Jurors deliberated just four hours before convicting Stanley L. Wade of one
count of conspiracy to defraud the United States, four counts of tax evasion,
one count of bankruptcy fraud and one count of making a false statement in a
bankruptcy proceeding.

According to the U.S. Attorney's Office for Utah, Wade owned eight apartment
complexes in Salt Lake City but concealed his ownership interest in the units to
avoid paying income taxes. Prosecutors put forth evidence at trial that rental
fees on the approximately 400 units totaled some $9 million between 1996 and
1999 -- generating a $1.7 million tax liability that Wade failed to pay to the
Internal Revenue Service.

Prosecutors alleged Wade filed false tax returns, under-reporting his income and
thus decreasing his tax liability.

Wade faces up to five years in prison on each of the seven counts when he is
sentenced June 6 by U.S. District Judge Ted Stewart.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 12, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Metro News Briefs: NEW YORK CITY;
Detective Is Convicted Of Failing to Pay Taxes

SECTION: Section 1; Page 24; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 240 words


A jury in Federal District Court in Manhattan has convicted a New York City
police detective of tax evasion for refusing to pay income taxes over the last
three years, the United States Attorney's office announced yesterday.

The detective, Jose Lugo, had testified in court that he was not obligated to
pay taxes because, he argued, the Federal Government and the Internal Revenue
Service had no jurisdiction over him. He was found guilty of three counts of tax
evasion and faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a fine of
$250,000 for each count.

Evidence at the four-day-long trial before Judge Sonia Sotomayor showed that
Detective Lugo failed to file tax returns for 1993, 1994 and 1995.

In 1993, he filed a fraudulent employee withholding allowance certificate,
claiming 30 exemptions so that taxes would not be deducted from his paycheck,
prosecutors said. In 1994, he filed a form claiming 98 exemptions.

Detective Lugo was the 11th Police Department employee to be convicted in a
crackdown by the enforcement division of the Internal Revenue Service and the
Police Department's Internal Affairs Bureau, prosecutors said.

At a bail hearing last year in Federal Magistrate's Court, Detective Lugo told
the judge: "I have no quarrel with you. I have no standing in this court. I am
not here voluntarily. I have committed no crime. This court has no jurisdiction,
and I demand to be released voluntarily."

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

U.S. Attorney: Johnstown husband-and-wife realtors plead guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Randy Griffith, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words


April 08--Owners of a well-known Johnstown-area real estate business and an
assessment firm were indicted and pleaded guilty to income tax evasion charges
in federal court this week.

David J. and Joyce Murphy each pleaded guilty to four counts of filing false
income tax returns -- failing to pay $140,834 in taxes -- U.S. Attorney David J.
Hickton announced.

David J. Murphy Real Estate is located at 3318 Elton Road in Richland Township.
The business was formerly at 554 Goucher St. in Upper Yoder Township.

Documents detailing the felony charges say the couple under-reported their
income by $431,073 on tax returns filed for calendar years 2008 through 2011.

Sentencing is scheduled for 11 a.m. on Aug. 13 at U.S. District Court in
Johnstown.

The law provides a maximum penalty of 12 years in prison and a $1 million fine.
An actual sentence can be based on the seriousness of the crime, past criminal
history and other factors, Hickton said.

Court documents show the Murphys claimed income of $92,638 for 2008, $112,433
for 2009, $112,567 for 2010 and $152,936 for 2011.

An Internal Revenue Service investigation showed actual income of $232,657 for
2008, $268,384 for 2009, $224,270 for 2010 and $176,336 for 2011.

Total income for the four years was $901,647, about twice the reported income of
$470,574, the court papers say.

The Murphys were represented by Richland Township attorney Timothy Leventry.

Leventry said he and the Murphys have no comment on the case.

Randy Griffith is a multimedia reporter for The Tribune-Democrat. He can be
reached at 532-5057. Follow him on Twitter @PhotoGriffer57.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pa.) Visit The Tribune-Democrat
(Johnstown, Pa.) at www.tribune-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150408-JO-U-S-Attorney-Johnstown-husband-and-wife-realtors-plead-guilty-to-
tax-evasion-0408-20150408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Democrat


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: GULFPORT DOCTOR FOUND GUILTY OF FELONY TAX EVASION

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: Jackson


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Mississippi has
issued the following press release:

On Wednesday, September 24, 2014, following a week-long trial, Timothy Dale
Jackson, 50, an orthopedic physician from Pass Christian, Mississippi, was found
guilty on four counts of felony tax evasion and one count of obstruction of the
due administration of the internal revenue laws, announced U.S. Attorney Gregory
K. Davis and Special Agent in Charge Gabriel L. Grchan with IRS Criminal
Investigation.

The evidence at trial showed that Dr. Jackson claimed he had taken a vow of
poverty in 2003 with the "Church of Compassionate Service," an entity located in
Utah, claiming that he was therefore exempt from paying any income tax. The
evidence proved that he made substantial income practicing medicine but had not
filed a tax return or paid any income tax since 2003. It also showed that he
used nominee accounts and other devices to conceal his income from the IRS
through the "church," but that in fact 90% of the income was returned to him.

Jackson will be sentenced by U.S. District Judge Sul Ozerden on December 18,
2014. The maximum penalty for tax evasion is five years in prison and a $250,000
fine per count. The maximum penalty for obstructing and impeding the due
administration of the internal revenue laws is three years in prison and a
$250,000 fine.

"Most individuals file truthful tax returns and pay their fair share of taxes,"
said U.S. Attorney Gregory K. Davis. "The verdict in this case demonstrates
that, regardless of one's occupation or status in life, if you evade paying
taxes, you face real consequences including criminal prosecution and a possible
prison sentence."

IRS-CI Special Agent in Charge Gabriel L. Grchan stated: "Dr. Jackson's actions
and intent to evade his income taxes was made clear through the government's
presentation of the evidence, and the jury saw that. Anyone who thinks they can
continually evade the assessment or payment of their income taxes, and get away
with it, should be aware of this case."

This case was investigated by Special Agents of the IRS Criminal Investigation,
and the prosecution was handled by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Ruth Morgan and Jay
Golden.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: GH man gets prison time for tax evasion

BYLINE: Becky Vargo, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 196 words


May 09--GRAND RAPIDS -- A Grand Haven man was ordered to serve six months in
prison and pay more than $119,000 in restitution when sentenced on tax evasion
charges in U.S. District Court.

GRAND RAPIDS -- Matthew Daniels, 46, filed false tax returns for 2007 and 2008,
according to U.S. Attorney Patrick A. Miles Jr.

"In particular, Daniels under reported his gross receipts on his Schedule C for
both 2007 and 2008," Miles said.

"The 2008 tax return that Daniels filed was a fraudulent income tax return which
under-reported gross receipts by $362,489," he said.

At sentencing, Judge Robert Holmes Bell found that the government had determined
that Daniels would be held responsible for under-reported gross receipts and
owed taxes to the Internal Revenue Service of $119,003.

Daniels was also ordered to pay a mandatory $100 special assessment. Once he
serves his prison term, he will be under a year of supervised release.

The charges on which he was sentenced were part of a Jan. 23 plea deal, Miles
said.

___ (c)2013 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130509-NA-BRF-GH-man-gets-prison-time-for-tax-evasion-0509-20130509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2013 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: GH man gets prison time for tax evasion

BYLINE: Becky Vargo, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 211 words


May 09--GRAND RAPIDS -- A Grand Haven man was ordered to serve six months in
prison and pay more than $119,000 in restitution when sentenced on tax evasion
charges in U.S. District Court.

GRAND RAPIDS -- Matthew Daniels, 46, filed false tax returns for 2007 and 2008,
according to U.S. Attorney Patrick A. Miles Jr.

"In particular, Daniels under reported his gross receipts on his Schedule C for
both 2007 and 2008," Miles said.

"The 2008 tax return that Daniels filed was a fraudulent income tax return which
under-reported gross receipts by $362,489," he said.

At sentencing, Judge Robert Holmes Bell found that the government had determined
that Daniels would be held responsible for under-reported gross receipts and
owed taxes to the Internal Revenue Service of $119,003.

Daniels was also ordered to pay a mandatory $100 special assessment. Once he
serves his prison term, he will be under a year of supervised release.

The charges on which he was sentenced were part of a Jan. 23 plea deal, Miles
said.

See the complete story in Friday's print or electronic edition of the Grand
Haven Tribune.

___ (c)2013 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130509-NA-BRF-GH-man-gets-prison-time-for-tax-evasion-0509-20130509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2013 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                               May 6, 2013 Monday

Hicks: Lauryn Hill sentenced to prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 232 words


Lauryn Hill was sentenced Monday to three months in prison for tax evasion,
according to TMZ.

A judge in Newark, N.J., also sentenced her to three months of house arrest
following her prison stint, followed by nine months of supervised release.

Boy, that reminds me ... has April 15 come yet?

Before the hearing, Hill's attorney claimed the singer paid the government more
than $970,000 of what she owed. Apparently it wasn't enough. The 37-year-old
singer pleaded guilty last year to three counts of tax evasion for not filing
returns on $1.8 million she earned from 2005 to 2007.

Hill's attorney asked the judge to consider Hill's charity work and her six
children. It didn't work. The judge ordered Hill to report to prison by July 8.
It was not disclosed where Hill will serve her time.

Hill gave a statement to the court, comparing her situation to slavery.

"I was put into a system I didn't know the nature of. ... I'm a child of former
slaves," Hill said. "I got into an economic paradigm and had that imposed on
me."

Yeah ... it must be tough having stardom "imposed" on you.

Hill said "I sold 50 million units ... now I'm up here paying a tax debt. If
that's not likened to slavery, I don't know what is."

The world's real slaves declined to comment, saying they were too busy suffering
from real slavery.

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                               May 6, 2013 Monday

Hicks: Lauryn Hill sentenced to prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Entertainment; Gossip

LENGTH: 232 words


Lauryn Hill was sentenced Monday to three months in prison for tax evasion,
according to TMZ.

A judge in Newark, N.J., also sentenced her to three months of house arrest
following her prison stint, followed by nine months of supervised release.

Boy, that reminds me ... has April 15 come yet?

Before the hearing, Hill's attorney claimed the singer paid the government more
than $970,000 of what she owed. Apparently it wasn't enough. The 37-year-old
singer pleaded guilty last year to three counts of tax evasion for not filing
returns on $1.8 million she earned from 2005 to 2007.

Hill's attorney asked the judge to consider Hill's charity work and her six
children. It didn't work. The judge ordered Hill to report to prison by July 8.
It was not disclosed where Hill will serve her time.

Hill gave a statement to the court, comparing her situation to slavery.

"I was put into a system I didn't know the nature of. ... I'm a child of former
slaves," Hill said. "I got into an economic paradigm and had that imposed on
me."

Yeah ... it must be tough having stardom "imposed" on you.

Hill said "I sold 50 million units ... now I'm up here paying a tax debt. If
that's not likened to slavery, I don't know what is."

The world's real slaves declined to comment, saying they were too busy suffering
from real slavery.

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This April 22, 2013 file photo shows singer Lauryn Hill, walking from
federal court in Newark, N.J. Hill was sentenced to three months in prison
Monday for failing to pay federal taxes on $1.8 million earned from 2005 to
2007.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 29, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Bar, restaurant operator charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 116 words


Dec. 29--The operator of a local bar and restaurant was charged in federal court
for allegedly falsifying his annual tax return and so owing nearly $59,000 in
income taxes.

Russell M. Kadri, who operated The Roadhouse in Swanton as well as a second-hand
retail store named East Side Metro, was charged in an information filed in U.S.
District Court in Toledo with five counts of tax evasion. The four-page
information alleged that Mr. Kadri owes a total of $58,696.71 in unreported
income tax for a five-year period dating back to 2006.

A Jan. 26 arraignment has been set.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111229-TO-BRF-Bar-restaurant-operator-charged-with-tax-evasion
-1229-20111229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Former La Selva, Aptos resident pleads no contest in tax evasion case

BYLINE: Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 169 words


Oct. 28--SANTA CRUZ -- A 61-year-old man arrested on suspicion of felony tax
evasion pleaded no contest on Wednesday to a misdemeanor charge of failure to
pay taxes, prosecutors said.

Russell Broadwell, a software executive who lived in La Selva Beach and Aptos in
the 1990s, is working on a settlement with the state Franchise Tax Board, said
prosecutor Bill Atkinson.

Judge Paul Marigonda ordered Broadwell to a conditional 2-year sentence that he
will not serve unless he fails to pursue the settlement or breaks any laws,
prosecutors said. The tax board has said Broadwell owes $62,000 but Atkinson
said that figure is in dispute.

Broadwell moved to Thailand in the mid 1990s and recently could not renew his
passport because of the tax allegations. He was arrested on Aug. 6 at San
Francisco International Airport, authorities said.

___ (c)2011 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111028-QC-BRF-Former-La-Selva-Aptos-resident-pleads-no-contest-in-
tax-evasion-case-1028-20111028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2011 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Priest Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  A priest for the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose pleaded guilty today to
four counts of tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S.
Attorney Brian J. Stretch for the Northern District of California and Special
Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf for the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI).





 Father Hien Minh Nguyen, 56, admitted that over a period of four years, he
stole money his parishioners donated to the Diocese and willfully evaded paying
income taxes on the money he misappropriated each year from 2008 through 2011.
He admitted that he deposited this money into his personal bank account, did not
disclose this income to his return preparer, did not keep records of the
donations he stole, and filed false income tax returns which did not report this
money.



 Father Nguyen also pleaded not guilty to bank fraud charges.  Those charges are
still pending.



 "Father Nguyen stole money from his parishioners and filed false returns with
the IRS to evade his income tax obligations," said Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Ciraolo.  "The department remains committed to holding all
criminal tax offenders accountable for their illegal conduct, regardless of
their profession.  No one is above the law."



 Sentencing on the tax evasion convictions has not been scheduled.  Father
Nguyen faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and monetary
penalties for each tax evasion conviction. Father Nguyen's next scheduled
appearance is a status conference on the bank fraud charges currently scheduled
for Aug. 23.  An indictment is merely an allegation and a defendant is presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty in court.  Father Nguyen pleaded guilty
to the tax evasion charges.  He has not pleaded guilty to bank fraud charges and
remains presumed innocent of those charges.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Brian J.
Stretch commended special agents of the IRS-CI, who investigated the case and
Trial Attorney Gregory Bernstein of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Thomas Moore of the Northern District of California, who are prosecuting the
case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Priest Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 408  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A priest for the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Jose pleaded guilty today to
four counts of tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S.
Attorney Brian J. Stretch for the Northern District of California and Special
Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf for the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI).





 Father Hien Minh Nguyen, 56, admitted that over a period of four years, he
stole money his parishioners donated to the Diocese and willfully evaded paying
income taxes on the money he misappropriated each year from 2008 through 2011.
He admitted that he deposited this money into his personal bank account, did not
disclose this income to his return preparer, did not keep records of the
donations he stole, and filed false income tax returns which did not report this
money.



 Father Nguyen also pleaded not guilty to bank fraud charges.  Those charges are
still pending.



 "Father Nguyen stole money from his parishioners and filed false returns with
the IRS to evade his income tax obligations," said Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Ciraolo.  "The department remains committed to holding all
criminal tax offenders accountable for their illegal conduct, regardless of
their profession.  No one is above the law."



 Sentencing on the tax evasion convictions has not been scheduled.  Father
Nguyen faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and monetary
penalties for each tax evasion conviction. Father Nguyen's next scheduled
appearance is a status conference on the bank fraud charges currently scheduled
for Aug. 23.  An indictment is merely an allegation and a defendant is presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty in court.  Father Nguyen pleaded guilty
to the tax evasion charges.  He has not pleaded guilty to bank fraud charges and
remains presumed innocent of those charges.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Brian J.
Stretch commended special agents of the IRS-CI, who investigated the case and
Trial Attorney Gregory Bernstein of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Thomas Moore of the Northern District of California, who are prosecuting the
case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
