



Download Request: Select Items: 501-1000
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  15:04:36 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (tax evasion USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Former DEA Agent Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion And Witness Tampering

LENGTH: 808  words


Tampa, Florida  United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that Samuel
Murad (62, Clearwater) has pleaded guilty to tax evasion and witness tampering.
He faces a maximum penalty of 5 years imprisonment for the tax evasion count and
up to 20 years in federal prison for the witness tampering count. His sentencing
hearing has been set for August 4, 2016.

According to the plea agreement, in the mid-1990s, while working as a DEA
Special Agent, Murad served as the case agent in an investigation of a marijuana
importation conspiracy.  One of the participants in that conspiracy, J.P., was
convicted and sentenced to 30 years in prison.

Around 2009, after Murad had retired from the DEA, J.P.s attorney hired Murad to
assist with their effort to obtain a reduction in J.P.s prison sentence.
Because Murad was the former case agent in this investigation, he was prohibited
by federal law from being physically present in any formal or informal setting
on behalf of J.P., to include meeting with an employee of DEA, or appearing on
behalf of J.P. before a judge.  DEAs Office of Professional Responsibility also
advised Murad that he could not communicate with the government on behalf of
J.P. with the intent to influence the government.

Around this time, J.P.s attorney met with DEA Special Agent Robert Joseph Quinn
about plans to initiate an effort to obtain a sentence reduction for J.P.
During their meeting, J.P.s attorney informed Agent Quinn that Murad  a friend
and former colleague of Quinn  was involved in the effort to reduce J.P.s prison
sentence.  After this meeting, Agent Quinn contacted Murad about the sentence
reduction effort.  During their conversation, Murad asked Agent Quinn to handle,
on the DEA end, the effort to obtain a sentence reduction for J.P.  Agent Quinn
then communicated with representatives from the U.S. Attorneys Office to explore
the possibility of obtaining the sentence reduction.

In June 2012, once arrests had been made related to J.P.s cooperation efforts,
Murad became frustrated at the prospect of not getting paid for his involvement
in the J.P. matter.  Murad sent a series of emails to J.P.s brother demanding
large sums of money to stay involved.  In one email, Murad asked for $700,000
and said, if we cant come [to] some kind of understanding, then you guys get to
keep your money and [J.P.] stays in jail because good luck getting him out
without my testimony.  In a subsequent meeting with J.P.s brother, Murad
demanded $750,000 to stay involved in the matter.  Ultimately, J.P.s brother
agreed to pay Murad $500,000 in cash.

On Friday, August 17, 2012, J.P.s brother handed Murad a shopping bag containing
$223,000 in cash.  During this meeting, Murad asked J.P.s brother how much money
he had in his wallet.  J.P.s brother showed Murad that he had $800 in his
wallet; Murad took that money and added it to the shopping bag full of cash.
Murad also told J.P.s brother to tell J.P. to shut up on the prison telephone.
Although Murad did not tell J.P.s brother why he gave this instruction, Murad
knew that J.P.s jail calls were being monitored by law enforcement.

After this meeting, Murad told Agent Quinn that he had received over $200,000 in
cash from J.P.s brother and had put it in a safe deposit box.  Murad laughed
that he had to get a larger safe deposit box because there was so much cash.
Murad never paid taxes on the $223,800 he received from J.P.s brother.

The FBI then began investigating the effort to obtain a sentence reduction for
J.P.  In an interview on November 22, 2013, Agent Quinn lied about Murad not
receiving any money, other than expenses, for his work on the J.P. matter.
After his interview with the FBI, Murad met with Agent Quinn and directed Quinn
not to talk to the FBI.  Murad attempted to corruptly persuade Agent Quinn not
to provide the FBI with information about the $223,800 cash payment and Murads
concealment of those funds in the safe deposit box.

On February 13, 2014, the FBI executed a search warrant on Murads safe deposit
box and seized $73,420.  Pursuant to a seizure warrant, the FBI also seized
$60,139.03 from Murads checking account.  The day after the search, Murad met
with Quinn (who had retired from the DEA) and accused him of saying too much to
the FBI, which Quinn denied.  Murad, again, instructed Quinn not to talk to the
FBI any further.  Two months later, in his second interview with the FBI, Quinn
lied again about Murad not getting paid by J.P.s family.  After being confronted
by the FBI, Quinn ultimately told the truth.

Quinn previously pleaded guilty for his role in this case.  His sentencing
hearing has been set for May 11, 2016.

This case was investigated by Federal Bureau of Investigation. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Simon Gaugush and Josephine
Thomas. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Rindge man sentenced to five years in prison on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 242 words


April 01--CONCORD -- A U.S. District Court judge has sentenced a Rindge man at
the center of a multimillion-dollar Ponzi scheme to five years in prison.

Attorneys for both sides recommended at today's sentencing hearing that Aaron E.
Olson serve 3 1/2  years in prison on related tax evasion charges. However,
Judge Landya B. McCafferty disagreed, telling Olson she wished he'd used the
past two years, while he's remained free on bail conditions, to began paying
back his victims.

"I don't question you're genuinely remorseful in your heart. I can't question
that," McCafferty said.

But she did question why Olson didn't write apology letters to his victims, or
set aside $10 or $100 a week to show he was making an effort to right his
wrongs.

Olson was led away in handcuffs after McCafferty denied an earlier defense
motion for him to self-surrender at his restitution hearing in late May.

Olson was charged in early 2014 with understating the federal income taxes he
owed from 2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000. Olson swindled investors of
his two illegitimate firms -- AEO Associates and KMO Associates -- out of $27.8
million, and diverted $2.6 million of that money for his personal use, according
to court documents.

Prior to this morning's hearing, his sentencing had been postponed six times.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160401-KN-Rindge-man-sentenced-to-five-years-in-prison-on-tax-evasion
-charges-0401-20160401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

Texas: Tarrant County Man Sentenced to 21 Months in Federal Prison for Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: Austin


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Texas has issued
the following press release:

A Tarrant County man was sentenced this morning to 21 months in federal prison
for tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Sarah R. Saldaña of the Northern
District of Texas.

Jeffrey James was convicted at trial this summer on an indictment charging one
count of tax evasion. In addition to the custody sentence, U.S. District Judge
McBryde ordered that James pay $32,509 in restitution. He must surrender to the
Bureau of Prisons on November 21, 2014.

At trial, the government presented evidence that between 2006 and 2009, James
embezzled more than $250,000 from the Las Colinas Country Club in Irving, Texas,
where he was employed as Director of Club Accounting. James had held that
position for 15 years. James evaded assessment and payment of taxes by failing
to disclose his stolen money on his federal income tax return.

The government presented evidence that during calendar year 2008, James, a
married resident of Richland Hills, Texas, attempted to evade and defeat a large
part of the federal income tax he and his spouse owed for calendar year 2007 by
filing a fraudulent joint federal income tax return. That return stated,
according to evidence presented, their joint taxable income for calendar year
2007 was $57,542, and tax due and owing was $5,639. In fact, as James well knew,
their joint taxable income for that year was $153,959, of which tax due and
owing was $32,059.

Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation investigated the case. Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Doug Allen and Chris Wolfe prosecuted.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: F.T. Norton; Fran.Norton@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 420 words


A Wilmington business owner pleaded guilty Wednesday to tax evasion in federal
court in Raleigh.

Jeffrey Wayne Scott, 48, was indicted Nov. 25 on five counts of personal income
tax evasion and one count of filing a false corporate tax return. He pleaded
guilty to one count of willfully attempting to evade his personal income tax for
tax year 2007, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney's Office for
the Eastern District of North Carolina.

Scott faces a statutory maximum prison term of five years and a maximum fine of
$250,000 when he is sentenced Aug. 18. In exchange for the plea, charges of
income tax evasion and filing a false corporate tax return were dismissed.

According to court records, Scott has owned and operated Greenville Loop
Seafood, 5830 Greenville Loop Road, a seafood distribution company since 1995.

From 2006 to 2010, Scott reported his yearly income to be from $23,934 to
$92,999, and paid only $91,800 in federal income taxes during that period.

"During these five years, however, the Scotts spent far in excess of this
reported taxable income on personal expenditures," the release states.

Court records show that during that time, in addition to living expenses, the
Scotts purchased five vehicles for more than $200,000, a boat for $100,000 and a
$2.1 million waterfront home.

Scott also made a monthly transfer of $10,000 from the business account into a
personal brokerage account. After the purchase of the home in June 2009, Scott
stopped transferring funds to the brokerage account, and instead used funds from
the business account to pay the mortgage and related expenses on the Windlass
Drive home, the release states.

The IRS calculated Scott failed to report taxable income in excess of $1,151,642
and owed at least $390,678 in additional taxes. For the 2007 tax year, Scott
failed to report $328,754 in taxable income with an additional tax due and owing
of $113,967, according to the release.

"Today is a difficult day for Jeff Scott and his family. There are two sides to
every story, but Jeff looks forward to putting this behind him. He has filed
amended tax returns and he has paid the taxes his accountant determined he owed
the IRS," said Wilmington attorney Edwin L. West III on behalf of the Scott
family. "The Scotts are very grateful for the love and support of their family,
friends, customers and business associates. Greenville Loop Seafood is open for
business and looks forward to a successful summer season."

F.T. Norton: 343-2070

On Twitter: @FTNorton

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Napoles family told to respond to tax raps

BYLINE: Mikhail Franz E. Flores

SECTION: Pg. S1/11

LENGTH: 301 words


THE NAPOLES family has been given until Nov. 19 to respond to the tax evasion
charges lodged against them by the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR).

"In our subpoena, we set the submissions of the counteraffidavits until Nov.
19," Senior Assistant State Prosecutor Edna A. Valenzuela told reporters in a
chance interview.

The order came after the Napoles camp yesterday failed anew to submit their
counteraffidavits against the tax evasion charges lodged against them.

Lawyer Francisco Tolentino said during the proceedings the Napoleses are still
seeking a tax lawyer to handle their case.

Couples Jaime G. Napoles and Janet Lim-Napoles as well as their daughter, Jeane
Catherine, are facing tax evasion charges for failing to pay income tax returns
or underdeclaring tax declarations between 2004 to 2012.

It was also the second time the Napoles camp failed to submit a
counteraffidavit. The first preliminary investigation was scheduled on Oct. 21.

The BIR said Ms. Napoles allegedly underdeclared her tax declarations in 2004,
2006, 2008 and 2009 and failed to file income tax returns (ITRs) from 2010 to
2012.

Mr. Napoles allegedly underdeclared tax payments in 2009 and failed to file ITRs
in 2004, 2006, 2008 and 2010 to 2012.

Ms. Napoles was assessed a total income tax liability of P44.68 million. Mr.
Napoles' tax dues were pegged at P16.43 million.

Jeane Catherine allegedly failed to file income tax returns in 2011 and 2012.
The young Napoles allegedly acquired in 2011 a condominium unit in Los Angeles,
California worth P54.73 million. She also purchased a share in a Bayambang,
Pangasinan property purchased in 2012 worth P1.49 million.

The BIR computed the daughter's tax liability at P32.06 million, inclusive of
charges and interests. The amount includes P31.38 million in 2011 and P0.68
million in 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 25, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Senators plan laws to target offshore tax evasion

BYLINE: Kevin McCoy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 350 words


Senate Finance Committee leaders announced plans for new laws against offshore
tax evasion Thursday after a new federal report found American ties to thousands
of firms registered in the Cayman Islands.

Sens. Max Baucus, D-Mont., and Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, said the IRS needs a
longer statute of limitations to prosecute those who fail to report foreign
accounts, clearer authority to enforce the filing requirement and stricter
identity-disclosure rules for those who profit from offshore transactions.

"We also need to reform our tax code to make moving business offshore less
attractive," said Baucus. "That's a tall order."

Specific legislation is expected to be introduced later this year. The
preliminary descriptions were announced during a committee hearing on a
Government Accountability Office report that showed as many as half of the
18,857 entities registered at a single Caymans Island office building were
either U.S.-owned or had U.S. billing addresses.

The entities often participated in investment activities related to hedge funds,
private-equity funds, securitization or aircraft finance, the GAO said. Although
that activity is legal, the report said there had been 21 recent U.S. civil or
criminal cases involving alleged tax evasion, money laundering or securities
fraud cases involving the Caymans. The GAO also cited 45 IRS field agent
requests to the IRS official responsible for the Caribbean since 2003 about
potential criminal activity by Americans with business dealings in the islands.

Compliance problems are not more prevalent in the Caymans than elsewhere, and
local officials have "taken steps to address illegal activity by U.S. persons,"
the report said. However, the GAO concluded that limited business reporting
requirements and other barriers made it harder for the U.S. to investigate
financial crimes.

Baucus said the report, combined with last week's Senate finding that banks in
Switzerland and Liechtenstein may have helped wealthy Americans evade taxes,
shows a need for tighter laws.

"We're going to find a way to make a huge dent in this problem," said Baucus.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 14, 1998 Saturday

GAMING EXEC SENTENCED FOR TAX EVASION, FRAUD

BYLINE: Mike Hughlett, Staff writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 438 words


Slot machine impresario Jerrold Polinsky, who ran St. Louis Park-based
International Gaming Management, was sentenced Friday in Minneapolis to 6 1/2
years in federal prison for tax evasion and securities and wire fraud.

The sentence, handed down by Judge James Rosenbaum, is in addition to a
three-year sentence Polinsky received last year after being convicted of bribery
in a federal court in Grand Rapids, Mich.

Polinsky, a 67-year-old Duluth native and most recently an Atlantic City, N.J.,
resident, tried to capitalize on the early 1990s gambling boom through the
publicly traded International Gaming Management. The firm controlled the largest
video poker operation in Louisiana, leased slot machines to Indian-owned casinos
in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, and laid plans for a casino on Mississippi's Gulf
Coast.

International Gaming Management's stock soared from just pennies on the dollar
in 1990 to $11 in 1993, before crashing to nothing after matters took a grim
turn for Polinsky. Federal agents raided Polinsky's offices in 1994, saying in a
search warrant affidavit that Polinsky - among other things - was allegedly tied
to a New York mobster and a mafia-run New Orleans company that supplied and
operated video poker machines in bars and truck stops.

Polinsky denied mob ties, and he was never charged in a Louisiana video poker
case that ended in the guilty pleas of several alleged New Orleans and New York
organized crime members.

But Polinsky was tried and convicted by a Minneapolis jury in February on nine
counts of tax evasion, fraud and obstruction of the Internal Revenue Service.
Polinsky, who hadn't filed a tax return since 1981, was found to have evaded
taxes on more than $1.1 million in income between 1991 and 1993, by, among other
things, using International Gaming Management accounts to conceal personal
assets.

Polinsky claimed he had no assets and was living in a residence furnished for
him by friends, but in reality he was driving a new Cadillac and renting a
$2,000-a-month oceanfront condominium in Atlantic City.

Polinsky was also convicted in June 1997 of paying $127,000 in bribes to
Keewenaw Bay Indian Community chairman Fred Dakota, who was also convicted on
bribery charges. Polinsky's firm supplied slot machines to the Keewenaw tribe's
casino.

An official for the U.S. Attorney's office in Minneapolis didn't know Polinsky
is serving his earlier sentence, or will be serving the one meted out Friday.
There is no chance of parole in the federal system.
Mike Hughlett can be reached at mhughlett@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5428

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 21, 1997, Tuesday

ACCUSED DETECTIVE LINKED TO TAX PLOT

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH and ALICE McQUILLAN With Austin Evans Fenner

SECTION: News; Pg.  3

LENGTH: 363 words


The detective accused of disrupting a Harlem church service attended by Mayor
Giuliani is the alleged ringleader of a bizarre tax-evasion scheme inspired by
anti-government zealots.

Federal authorities said Barton Adams was among 15 present or former cops busted
last July in a pie-in-the-sky tax scheme in which the suspects said they were
U.S. aliens who weren't required to pay taxes.

The alleged scheme was dreamed up by the Pilot Connection Society, a
California-based anti-government group that sells "untax" packages showing
people how to "legally evade" taxes.

Adams, 35, and fellow Detective Frank Sambula allegedly charged other cops fees
as high as $ 2,000 for instructions on how to use the tax dodge.

Investigators said many of the cops declared up to 99 dependents on federal tax
withholding forms, then refused to pay up on April 15. Adams allegedly gave the
suspects form letters of garbled legalese to send to the Internal Revenue
Service.

"I am an American man now in an area known geographically as New York," one
letter stated. That letter and others described the writers as "nonimmigrant
aliens."

The Pilot Connection, called one of the nation's largest illegal tax protester
organizations, collapsed last June when its founder, Phillip Marsh, was
sentenced to 17 years in prison for tax evasion. At its peak in the early 1990s,
the group claimed to have 12,000 members and allegedly defrauded the IRS of $ 50
million.

In a federal court affidavit, Adams said the indictment charging him with tax
evasion and conspiracy is a fraud, in part because it spelled his name in
capital letters.

Adams was stripped of his police shield and weapons and placed on modified duty
at Police Headquarters after being charged in August.

The Brooklyn resident faces a 30-day suspension without pay after being arrested
and charged yesterday with disrupting a church ceremony, police said. Adams was
questioned last night at the 30th Precinct.

Ten of the cops charged in the tax case have pleaded guilty or have been
convicted at trial. Adams and other suspects have continued to wage a verbal
guerrilla war of claims and depositions.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

California: New Law Helps Prevent Cigarette Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California State Board of Equalization, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   The California State Board of Equalization's (BOE) inspection teams have
recently identified cigarette tax evasion schemes involving the accumulation of
used cigarette tax stamps.

Unlike postage stamps, cigarette stamps are generally not used as collectibles.
Used cigarette tax stamps do not have monetary value, except for tax evasion
purposes. To help prevent cigarette tax evasion, the Governor signed Assembly
Bill (AB) 1901 (Stats. 2016, Ch.662) to give the BOE authority to seize and
destroy any "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps aggregated for reuse, and makes it
a misdemeanor for any person to possess, sell or offer to sell, or buy or offer
to buy, any false, fraudulent, or "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps starting
January 1, 2017. For purposes of the law, "unaffixed stamps" means cigarette tax
stamps which the tax has previously been paid by a Cigarette and Tobacco
Products licensed distributor and were previously affixed to cigarette packs.
"Unaffixed stamps" do not include any unused and unapplied rolls of stamps or
loose stamps acquired from the BOE or its authorized agent and in the possession
of a licensed distributor.Anyone found with "unaffixed" cigarette tax stamps for
reuse purposes is guilty of a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine of up to
$50,000, or imprisonment (not to exceed one year in a county jail), or by both
the fine and imprisonment.

 For more information

 Visit the BOE's online Cigarette and Tobacco Products tax guide at

 www.boe.ca.gov/industry/cigarettes_tobacco_products.html

 .

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please visit the BOE's website
at

 www.boe.ca.gov

 . From the main menu, select the option, Special Taxes and Fees. Taxpayers may
also call the BOE's Customer Service Center at 1-800-400-7115 (TTY:711).
Customer service representatives are available weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. (Pacific time), except state holidays.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

Maine: New Hampshire Woman Pleads Guilty to Transportation of Stolen Property
and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 221  words

DATELINE: Augusta


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Maine has issued the
following press release:

United States Attorney Thomas E. Delahanty II announced that Janis
F. Woods, 65, of Conway, New Hampshire pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court to
interstate
transportation of stolen checks and tax evasion.

According to court documents, between 2009 and 2012, Woods used her position as
bookkeeper for Grover Gundrilling, Inc., of Norway, Maine, to issue herself 169
unauthorized
checks totaling over $742,000 which she deposited into a bank account in New
Hampshire.
Between 2007 and 2009, she used her position as bookkeeper for VM Foods of
Conway, New
Hampshire to issue herself $220,000 in unauthorized checks. By failing to report
the stolen
funds on her federal income tax returns, she evaded almost $284,000 in taxes.

Woods faces up to ten years in prison and twice the gain or loss as a fine for
the interstate
transportation charge and up to five years in prison and twice the gain or loss
on the tax evasion
charge. She will be sentenced after completion of a presentence investigation
report by the U.S.
Probation Office.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Internal
Revenue Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

Hawaii: Owner of Window Installation Business Admits Tax Evasion in New Jersey

LENGTH: 314 words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The owner of a window installation company located in Mt.Laurel, N.J. admitted
today he converted to cash millions of dollars in the company's gross receipts
and used the money to pay his workers without withholding employment taxes
announced, Paul J. Fishman, U.S. Attorney for the District of New Jersey, and
Kathryn Keneally, Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division.

Fred Marcus, 39, of Camden County, N.J., the owner and operator of Vortex
Installations Inc., pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in
New Jersey federal court to an information charging him with one count of tax
evasion.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From early 2006 through the end of 2009, Marcus cashed approximately $2.8
million in Vortex Installations' gross receipts at a check casher. Marcus used
$1,025,868 of that money to pay cash wages to his workers, which he did not
report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and from which he did not withhold
employment taxes. From 2006 through 2008, Marcus failed to file IRS Forms 941 -
Employer's Quarterly Federal Tax Returns - in which he was required to report
the wages paid to his employees. In 2009, Marcus filed false Forms 941, in that
he failed to report the cash wages that he paid to Vortex employees.

On the count of tax evasion, Marcus faces a maximum potential penalty of five
years in prison and a fine of $250,000, along with restitution to the IRS.
Sentencing is scheduled for Sept. 19, 2013.

Assistant Attorney General Keneally and U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special
agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen, for the investigation leading to today's guilty
plea.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 2, 2010 Friday

Questions persist in tax evasion case

BYLINE: Sandy Reabuck, The Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


July 02--Questions remained unanswered -- at least publicly -- Friday on how
James Vautar, former Cambria County War Memorial Arena manager, was able to
amass hundreds of thousands of dollars in unreported and untaxed income.

On Thursday, Vautar pleaded guilty to five felony charges of federal income tax
evasion before U.S. District Judge Kim Gibson at the federal courthouse in
Johns-

town.

The earliest some answers could be released may be Oct. 28, when Vautar is to be
sentenced. At that time, Gibson will not only address how long Vautar will serve
behind bars, but what restitution is owed and how much of a fine he will have to
pay.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephanie Haines said that under federal court rules,
she could not comment on the case beyond what had been said in the courtroom
during the plea hearing.

She had revealed only that Vautar's income over five years had totaled $664,383,
far more than the $183,348 Vautar had reported on federal tax returns.

His salary from the War Memorial was $71,535 in 2008.

The closest hint that Vautar could have been dipping into War Memorial funds
came when Heath Long, Cambria's first assistant district attorney, revealed that
the county would be getting $183,000, and promoters of two events $17,000,
through the federal case.

President Commissioner P.J. Stevens said: Why would the county -- as owner of
the War Memorial -- be getting restitution if money had not been taken from it?

During the yearlong investigation, the commissioners did not receive any details
of the probe, he said. The commissioners had no hint that there may have been
any financial irregularities until they learned that the police "had raided the
building" and seized records in June 2009.

"It really was a shock," Stevens said. "We (commissioners) struggle over budgets
and struggle to subsidize the (War Memorial) authority when it may not have been
needed."

The authority books had passed scrutiny in audits over the years, he said.

In late June 2009, the state police -- who began the probe -- seized records not
only at the arena but also at Vautar's home in East Taylor Township.

Later, federal investigators were brought into the probe because "we could see
there were federal implications involved. He had assets beyond the means of his
income," Long said.

With the case being handled by federal prosecutors, the state's investigation is
closed, Long said.

Jack Steeves, president of the War Memorial Authority, and Johnstown lawyer
James Walsh, authority solicitor, could not be reached for comment.

Vautar is incarcerated at the Cambria County Prison awaiting sentencing.

He had voluntarily given up the right to ask for bail and remain free because,
his attorney Art McQuillan said, he wanted to begin making amends "for his
actions."

McQuillan would not comment on the source of the unreported income.

To see more of the Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100702-JO-Questions-persist-in-tax-evasion-case-20100702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2010 The Tribune-Democrat


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FOX CHAPEL COUPLE PLEADS GUILTY TO TAX EVASION

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 446 words


A Fox Chapel couple whose talent-scouting agency for children held conventions
in Pittsburgh and Los Angeles for a fee pleaded guilty yesterday in federal
court to tax evasion and structuring currency transactions to avoid IRS
reporting requirements.

Samuel J. Manfredi, 63, and his wife, Marilyn, 57, were accused in a 2007
indictment of using more than 200 accounts at 25 area banks to hide cash that
they collected through their Penn Hills company, Aquarian Associates, which
arranges talent auditions in cities across the U.S.

The company runs the "Great American Model & Talent Search" but has been the
target of numerous customer complaints over the years from parents accusing
Aquarian of operating a scam.

The federal case makes no such accusations, but it does outline a history of
shady financial dealings to duck income taxes.

Federal prosecutors said that the pair concealed income by depositing some of
the money from the business into their personal bank accounts instead of the
corporate account from 1999 to 2003.

As part of the plea, the Manfredis agreed to pay $852,925 before sentencing on
April 16.

In addition to tax evasion, the couple admitted to structuring transactions by
depositing money in amounts less than $10,000 to avoid currency reporting
requirements.

Part of the government's case includes the purchase of a $70,000 Mercedes-Benz
in 2000, when the Manfredis visited 17 post offices around the Pittsburgh region
and bought 86 money orders worth $50,000 payable to Bobby Rahal Motorcar Co.

Unusual patterns of deposits and withdrawals trigger suspicious activity reports
that the government tracks. When IRS agents first questioned Mr. Manfredi about
the money orders in 2002, according to an agent's report, he agreed that they
appeared suspicious but explained that he saved a lot and didn't like to carry
around cash because it was "dangerous."

Aquarian Associates, which remains in business on Rodi Road, invited children
and teens to casting calls for up to 2,000 children, who auditioned for a chance
to appear at two annual modeling conventions in Pittsburgh and one in Los
Angeles. At the conventions, attended by 600 to 800 children, the company
charged each participant a fee of up to $500 to appear before talent scouts.

Children and their parents were told that the kids might be chosen for a
commercial or a movie, although Mr. Manfredi said he has never promised that
anyone would become a star.

Mr. Manfredi is facing up to five years in federal prison but probably won't get
that much. Prosecutors said he and his wife have made substantial charitable
contributions and have no criminal record.

Ms. Manfredi is likely to receive probation.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove can be reached at tove@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1510.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 1, 2005 Tuesday

BRIEFLY

LENGTH: 363 words


Former Minot lawyer disbarred North Dakota's Supreme Court has disbarred a
former Minot attorney who is imprisoned for tax evasion. Thomas K. Schoppert
signed an admission last month agreeing to the disbarment, court records show.
Schoppert also agreed to pay $250 in costs to settle the disciplinary case
against him. He has been suspended from practicing law since April 2003, when he
was sentenced to serve two years in federal prison. The 58-year-old Schoppert
was convicted of four counts of felony tax evasion, for trying to elude paying
more than $450,000 in federal income taxes. A federal appeals court affirmed his
convictions in April 2004. He is serving his sentence at a federal prison in
Sheridan, Ore., south of Portland. Schoppert is scheduled to be released Jan.
31, according to the federal Bureau of Prisons' Web site. -- Associated Press

Monday starts off icy in eastern N.D. FARGO (AP) -- Eastern North Dakota drivers
woke up Monday to blowing snow and icy roads, and warnings to slow down. "It's
just people driving too fast for conditions," transportation supervisor Bruce
Nord after a day of dealing with vehicles in the ditch. The Transportation
Department said roads throughout the eastern part of the state were slippery
early Monday. Conditions were better west of Jamestown, Nord said. The winds had
diminished by late afternoon. Authorities said the slippery roads sent a number
of vehicles in the ditch Sunday night, and a five-vehicle accident on Interstate
29 south of Fargo tied up traffic for about two hours. No one was hurt.

Man injured in plane crash goes home FARGO (AP) -- One of the two men injured in
the crash of a small airplane here over the weekend has been released from the
hospital, and officials say the second man is improving. MeritCare officials
said Craig Sutter was discharged Monday morning. The pilot, James George III,
remained in the hospital, but his condition was upgraded to guarded. He was
listed in critical condition Sunday. The single-engine Cessna the two men were
in crashed after takeoff Saturday afternoon in a residential neighborhood.
George owns a Fargo flight school, and Sutter is one of the firm's employees.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2005 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 22, 1995 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

DARRYL STRAWBERRY;
What, me worry?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 333 words


It's been almost six years since Pete Rose, the former Cincinnati Reds manager,
was banned for life from baseball because of his gambling. Later, Rose served
time in federal prison after being convicted of filing false income tax returns.

The late Bart Giamatti, then commissioner of baseball, made a principled stand
when he banned Rose from the game. Giamatti understood that if baseball was to
survive as a national institution and as a sport, its leaders had to uphold high
ethical standards.

Giamatti's spirit is sadly lacking in baseball today. Never mind the strike.
Just consider the Yankees' signing of outfielder Darryl Strawberry.

Strawberry has been on house arrest since April, when he pleaded guilty to tax
evasion. A federal judge ordered him to repay $350,000 in back taxes and allowed
Strawberry to leave his home for practice and games. Strawberry also is
completing a 60-day suspension from baseball after he tested positive for
cocaine in two tests in January.

For his tax evasion and cocaine use, Strawberry gets rewarded with a contract
that guarantees him $850,000. He's eligible to play Sunday, the day his
suspension term ends.

In defense of the signing, Yankees owner George Steinbrenner says Strawberry's
potential rehabilitation could serve as a good example for children.

But Los Angeles Dodgers manager Tommmy Lasorda, who once managed Strawberry, and
Lee Brown, President Clinton's drug policy director, see it differently. Lasorda
asked rhetorically why Strawberry hadn't served jail time as had Rose. Brown
accused baseball's leadership of condoning drug use. ``The Yankee management is
saying that if you draw fans and make money for the team, you'll simply play
again and keep making millions a few months after any drug abuse,'' Brown said.

Lasorda and Brown are right. The question in the Strawberry case is whether
baseball expects any minimum standard of conduct, or whether anything goes. It's
not hard to figure out how Bart Giamatti would have answered that question.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1995 The Durham Herald Co.


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 28, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Even With Guilty Plea, Justice Official's Crimes and Motives Remain Enigma

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON,    Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;   Page 10;   Column 1;   National Desk

LENGTH: 1814 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 27


Early last month, Webster L. Hubbell traveled to Arkansas to tell a few old
friends that the embezzlement charges he had denied so vehemently for so long
were actually true.

But even now, three weeks after the former Associate Attorney General stood up
in court to plead guilty to stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from his
former law firm, friends and former colleagues here and in Little Rock, Ark.,
are still wrestling with some mysteries. Why did he steal? Where did the money
go? And how can they square the man they knew -- a Presidential confidant, whom
even opponents called a man of integrity -- with the sloppy, almost brazen
thefts he has admitted?

Nearly nine months into the case, even the investigators who have pored over his
records and finances remain uncertain about his motive and how much he actually
stole.

In pleading guilty to tax evasion and mail fraud, Mr. Hubbell admitted to
stealing at least $394,000 over four years, a sum that effectively doubled his
after-tax income. His average income from the Rose law firm during his final
years there was $120,000 to $150,000 before taxes, associates said. At the same
time, he built up substantial debts. By 1993, when he arrived in Washington, he
had credit card debts of $66,000, car loans of $60,000, a $50,000 unsecured loan
he had recently taken out and his mortgage had nearly doubled to $400,000
through several refinancings he had negotiated over the last decade.

Those debts, which in retrospect look like clues to financial distress, emerged
last year during his confirmation proceedings to become Associate Attorney
General. But at the time, and in the absence of other warning signs,
investigators from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Senate Judiciary
Committee did not regard them as serious enough to warrant an inquiry.

Even Closest Friends Saw Few Clear Signs

And many of his closest friends, interviewed in recent days, say that even in
retrospect they can think of few signs that he had lived extravagantly.

Instead, they recollect what could be a piece of the puzzle here or there --
four children in private schools, family vacations and shopping sprees. In
outlining the charges against Mr. Hubbell, prosecutors mentioned only a few
expenses: credit card bills at a women's clothing store in Little Rock and at an
unidentified fur company, and clothing purchases in Dallas.

Through his lawyer, John Nields, Mr. Hubbell declined to comment about his
motives or his crime.

By all outward appearances, Mr. Hubbell was not a big spender. He wore rumpled
suits and took the subway to work in Washington, where he still lives. His wife
did not wear fancy dresses or extravagant jewelry, and often when the couple
invited friends over for dinner, it would be a potluck affair. Friends say he
routinely had no cash in his wallet and would borrow change for sundries.

While he regularly played golf and would go with friends on outings to courses
in Florida and at Hilton Head, S.C., he played out of the same golf bag for
years. Friends say he was not a gambler.

He and his wife would also take take annual winter vacations in the Caribbean or
in Mexico with other friends, but they were hardly exorbitant trips. In
interviews, Little Rock shopkeepers describe the Hubbells as good customers, but
hardly given to spending binges.

Still, his closest friends in Little Rock say they have come to believe that he
stole to maintain his life style, which was not particularly lavish for a top
partner at one of the most prominent law firms in the South.

Some Recall a Man Generous to a Fault

One close friend recalled seeing him shake his head in disbelief when his wife
and children returned to Little Rock from Dallas with a large pile of bills and
clothes from their annual shopping spree.

"In a perverse paradox, what did him in was his generosity to his family,"
theorized a friend who has known him for decades. "It was his own self-inflicted
pressure to give his family and children anything they wanted. Web is one of the
most generous people you will ever know."

The nature of his scheme suggests that Mr. Hubbell was either desperate or
confident he would never be caught. For instance, he altered time records of his
partners, said a lawyer involved in the investigation, a move that could easily
be detected. Prosecutors say he also listed bogus expenses, including
depositions that were in fact never taken, a step that could easily be
discovered.

Mr. Hubbell has acknowledged that on more than 400 instances over four years, he
would either bill a client or his firm for expenses and then draw the firm's
checks to pay off one of the 10 Mastercard, Visa and American Express cards that
had personal charges on them. Many false expenses were for less than $1,000, and
under the firm's bookkeeping practices, they did not require a second partner to
sign the disbursement checks.

Some evidence has surfaced to suggest that Mr. Hubbell was stealing from his
firm even before 1989, although investigators have had a hard time tracking the
earlier period because credit card companies do not keep records going back that
far. Still, one client was told by the Rose firm that personal expenses charged
on Mr. Hubbell's credit card were listed on a bill earlier than 1989 as
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the firm for the client.

Months of Denials And Countercharges

For months, Mr. Hubbell had told close friends, colleagues at the Justice
Department and White House, and even his lawyer that he had been the victim of a
political witch hunt. He told them that there was nothing unusual about what he
had called a trivial dispute about records between him and his former law
partners and that he had been driven from his high-ranking job at the Justice
Department only because the climate of scandal in Washington had reached a
fevered pitch.

His friends and many officials in the Justice Department say they believed him.
After all, he had been the chairman of the Arkansas Bar Association's ethics
committee and the head of the state's Board of Bar Examiners. He had drafted a
state ethics law and had earned the admiration and close friendship of President
Clinton.

He had practiced law and invested with Hillary Rodham Clinton. And even after he
arrived in Washington last year to become a top official at the Justice
Department, he continued to make speeches about legal ethics and became a
trusted aide to Attorney General Janet Reno, who had also vigorously come to his
defense when the investigation into his finances became public.

For years, Mr. Hubbell was a large and respected figure in a small city. He had
been the administrative partner at the law firm that had billed itself as the
oldest legal establishment west of the Mississippi. He was Little Rock's Mayor,
and he prided himself as an active leader of the Little Rock Boys Club.

He had returned to Little Rock, where he had been born and grew up, after
graduating from law school in 1973 and had met Bill and Hillary Clinton while
studying for the bar. Theirs was, at first, an unlikely friendship. The Clintons
had arrived from their education at elite Eastern universities, where they had
been active in campus politics and protesting the Vietnam war.

By contrast, classmates say Mr. Hubbell showed no political interests when he
was at the University of Arkansas, where he had earned a bachelor's degree in
electrical engineering. His big interests were watching basketball and playing
football. At 6 foot 5 inches tall and 290 pounds, he was considered large even
for an offensive guard and was a well-recognized figure on campus.

In 1969, he helped the Arkansas Razorbacks finish the season ranked sixth in the
nation, with a 10-and-1 record that was highlighted with a 16-to-2 victory over
Georgia in the Sugar Bowl. Drafted by the Chicago Bears, he never made it in the
National Football League because of a knee injury.

Over the years, the Clintons and the Hubbells grew close. Mr. Clinton turned to
Mr. Hubbell to handle many of his sensitive assignments, including drafting the
ethics law and serving as an interim Chief Justice of the state's highest court.
Mr. Hubbell was also close to Mrs. Clinton, not only as part of the inner circle
at the Rose firm, but also as an investor in a fund that they created in the
1980's called Midlife Investors.

Maze of Self-Deception And Getting Free From It

Arriving back in Little Rock last month, Mr. Hubbell told his friends that there
was a hidden side to his life that he had only begun to understand with the help
of a therapist he had recently started to see in Washington.  Mr. Hubbell said
that shaking free from that self-deception had led him to decide to plead guilty
to Federal charges that he had systematically looted his law partners and
clients over many years.

Although his law partners had begun to raise questions about his billing
practices in the spring of 1993, at the same time that the F.B.I. and the Senate
Judiciary committee were looking into his background for confirmation
proceedings, those questions were not known by the investigators. And those
matters they were aware of, like his credit cards debts, did not seem serious
enough by themselves to merit pursuing.

Around that time, the Rose firm was adjusting to a shake-up in its senior ranks,
which had been depleted with the departure of Mr. Hubbell and three other top
partners, Mrs. Clinton, Vincent W. Foster Jr. and William Kennedy, who moved to
the White House.

A lawyer at the firm who spoke on the condition of anonymity said that while
some questions were raised around the time of the confirmation, Mr. Hubbell was
widely viewed as a trusted former partner, and that no one at the firm knew
about the full magnitude of what he had done until many months later.

The lawyer said that the firm had repeatedly requested backup records to justify
the questioned expenses and that Mr. Hubbell assured the partners they would be
forthcoming. They never were.

The Rose firm was unable to conceal the embarrassing news this year, and
investigators in the Whitewater independent counsel's office learned of Mr.
Hubbell's billing irregularities from a tip provided by a relatively junior
person in the firm. The independent counsel's office is expected to question Mr.
Hubbell about several areas it is investigating.

Even as he was confronted by a reporter about the billing questions last
February, Mr. Hubbell told nothing of the questions to his closest associates at
the White House and the Justice Department.

"In retrospect, the level of self-deception was simply astonishing," said one
senior Justice Department official who had worked closely with Mr. Hubbell.
"None of us can imagine going through the confirmation process with that kind of
secret lurking in the past."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Webster L. Hubbell, a former Associate Attorney General in the
Clinton Administration, with his wife, Suzy, at far right after he pleaded
guilty on Dec. 6 in Federal District Court in Little Rock, Ark., to charges of
mail fraud and tax evasion. (Rick McFarland/Arkansas Democrat-Gazette)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 8, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

2 FASHIONABLE RETAILERS INDICTED IN AIDING SALES-TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 733 words


Two fashionable Manhattan stores were charged yesterday with scheming to help
customers evade city and state sales taxes on expensive purchases.

Indictments were announced against the Bulgari jewelry store and two of its top
executives and against the Christie Brothers Fur Corporation and six of its
executives.

The indictments were the latest in a series resulting from a continuing ''big
ticket'' investigation into tax evasion by some of Manhattan's most fashionable
retail establishments. Two other midtown retailers, Cartier Inc. and the Ben
Thylan Furs Corporation, were charged in the spring in connection with the same
investigation.

Empty Boxes

Officials said the stores had mailed empty boxes to out-of-state addresses,
making it appear that customers were not subject to city and state sales taxes.

Mayor Koch, accompanied by Attorney General Robert Abrams and city and state tax
officials, announced the indictments yesterday at a City Hall news conference.

The Mayor, as he has in the past, issued a stern warning to merchants,
particularly those who sell art, antiques, Oriental rugs and stereo and computer
equipment, to obey the law.

''Our agents and investigators are looking for you, and if we find you, we will
prosecute you,'' he declared.

Both companies and most of the individuals pleaded not guilty before Justice
Miriam Atman in State Supreme Court in Manhattan. Two of the individuals charged
were out of the country and were not arraigned yesterday.

Nicola Bulgari, head of Bulgari's New York licensee, located in the Pierre
Hotel, at Fifth Avenue and 60th Street, was reported to be in Rome, and Harry
Sokol, an employee of Christie Brothers, was said to be in Israel.

Sol G. Summer, an attorney representing Christie Brothers, which is at 333
Seventh Avenue, near 29th Street, said he was still reading the indictment of
''hundreds and hundreds'' of pages and declined comment.

Michael F. Armstrong, an attorney for Danaos Limited, the corporation that owns
Bulgari's New York store, issued a two-page statement in which he accused tax
officials of selective prosecution.

'Commonly Known'

He said that the company's sales-tax practices - voluntarily discontinued two
years ago - ''has been commonly known to be widespread throughout New York
City.''

It is illegal for a New York resident to evade the sales tax by shipping a
purchase destined for use in New York to an out-of-state address.

Out-of-state residents do not pay the city and state sales taxes - which total 8
1/4 percent - if the merchandise is shipped out of state.

The Bulgari indictments followed a raid last year by city and state tax agents
at Bulgari's store in the Pierre Hotel to seize tax records.

Yesterday officials said the raid had yielded key evidence in the investigation,
including a secret logbook in which illegal transactions were marked with an
asterisk.

The officials said that the indictments covered 101 Bulgari transactions on
sales ranging from $240 to $130,000 for a single necklace of pearls, saphhires
and rubies. One customer, they said, evaded taxes on purchases worth a total of
$250,600.

At Christie Brothers the indictments covered 164 transactions, ranging from $400
to $46,000 for a coat of Russian sable.

Back Taxes Said to Be $2 Million

Paul Crotty, the City Finance Commissioner, said the city and state expected to
bill the two companies for more than $2 million in back taxes, based on the
audits. He indicated that no action would be taken against customers.

''Criminal prosecutions will not increase tax revenue but simply will cause
customers to go to the trouble of having items delivered,'' he said.

If convicted, the corporations could be fined up to $10,000 per count and the
individuals could face a $5,000 fine and up to four years in jail for each
count.

Those indicted at Bulgari were Mr. Bulgari, 44 years old, of 555 Park Avenue,
and Richard Storm, 48, of Cairo, Egypt, a former store manager. At Christie
Brothers, those indicted were Phillip Christie, 77, of 1284 Mercedes Street,
Teaneck, N.J.; Constantino Christie, 65, 500 East 77th Street, and Terry
Christie, 63, of 100 West 57th Street, all officers or former officers of the
corporation.Also indicted were Alika Christie, 50, 100 East 77th Street; Barbara
Christie, 27, 167 East 67th Street, and Mr. Sokol, 65, 1143 Sage Street, Far
Rockaway, Queens.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 9, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
Because of an editing error, an article in Metropolitan Report yesterday about
indictments against the Bulgari jewelry store and the Christie Brothers Fur
Corporation misattributed a quotation in some editions. It was Michael F.
Armstrong, a lawyer for Bulgari, who said, ''Criminal prosecutions will not
increase tax revenue but simply will cause customers to go to the trouble of
having items delivered.'' It was not Finance Commissioner Paul Crotty.

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 7, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Posner Denies Tax Charges

SECTION: Section D; Page 13, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 187 words


Victor Posner, the financier, pleaded not guilty yesterday to an indictment
charging that he evaded $1.2 million in Federal income taxes from 1975 to 1979
by falsely inflating the value of land he donated to the Miami Christian
College.

Mr. Posner, 63 years old, of Miami Beach, is board chairman of the Sharon Steel
Corporation and has controlling interests in numerous other enterprises. He was
represented by his attorney, Edward Bennett Williams, when he entered the plea
at his arraignment in Federal District Court. He is charged with conspiracy, tax
evasion and filing false tax returns.

The financier was released pending trial on a $100,000 personal recognizance
bond by Judge Charles L. Brieant.  William Scharrer, a Miami Beach real estate
broker indicted with Mr. Posner, also entered a not guilty plea and was released
on a $50,000 personal recognizance bond. Mr. Scharrer is charged with aiding the
tax-evasion conspiracy by providing Mr. Posner with the bogus land appraisals.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Tennessee: Former Hardeman County Bail Bondsman Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Government has issued the following news release:



  The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to Friday's guilty plea of Thomas E. Allen
to bail bond tax evasion, a Class E Felony.  Allen, 57, was the owner of
Statewide Bail Bonding in Bolivar.





 Judge J. Weber McCraw accepted Allen's guilty plea to one count of bail bond
tax evasion and granted Allen judicial diversion.  He was placed on one year of
supervised probation.



 "The Department of Revenue is committed to applying Tennessee's tax laws and
policies uniformly to all taxpayers to ensure a level playing field," Revenue
Commissioner Richard Roberts said. "The Department cannot and will not allow
people engaged in fraudulent tax activities to have a competitive advantage over
honest business people."



 The Department pursued this criminal case in cooperation with District Attorney
Mike Dunavant's office. Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's revenue
laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX (372-8389).



 The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87 percent of
total state revenue. During the 2016 fiscal year, it collected $13.5 billion in
state taxes and fees and more than $2.6 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Cynthia Suratos Lorica Sentenced for Mortgage Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Cynthia Suratos Lorica was sentenced yesterday to 18 months in prison and
ordered to pay more than $1 million in restitution for bank fraud and tax
evasion, United States Attorney Melinda Haag announced.

Ms. Lorica, age 51, of Hayward, California, waived indictment and pleaded guilty
to an information charging her with bank fraud and tax evasion. According to the
plea agreement, Ms. Lorica admitted to participating in a fraudulent scheme to
obtain money from Washington Mutual Bank in 2006 and 2007 by making false
statements in loan applications secured by real property. During that time
period, she was the owner and chief executive officer of All Ways Financial
Services Inc., a financial services company. She was also an officer of Absolute
Value Financial Inc. Absolute Value was licensed by the state of California to
originate mortgage loans and to engage in real estate transactions. Both
businesses were located at 3900 Newpark Mall Road, Suite 201 in Newark,
California. Ms. Lorica was involved in the preparation and submission of loan
applications to various federally insured financial institutions and other
lending institutions.

Ms. Lorica also admitted to evading taxes on income she received in 2006 and
2007. She admitted to substantially under-reporting her gains from the sale of
real estate as well as under-reporting her income from All Ways Financial and
claiming a mortgage interest deduction that she was not entitle to receive.

The sentence was handed down by Chief U.S. District Court Judge Claudia Wilken
following a guilty plea on one count in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1344(2) and one
count in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201. Judge Wilken also sentenced the
defendant to a three year period of supervised release. The defendant will begin
serving the sentence on March 27, 2013.

This prosecution is the result of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

Indian-American woman pleads guilty to tax evasion

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Washington


Washington, April 15 -- Following the probe instituted by the US Government into
alleged tax evasion by Indian Americans using accounts in HSBC Bank in India, a
second individual has pleaded guilty to charges of not reporting more than $8
million parked in the Indian account.

Josephine Bhasin entered the guilty plea in a New York court on Wednesday. Two
days earlier, Vaibhav Dahake, a New Jersey based businessman, had pleaded guilty
to similar tax evasion.

Bhasin, according to the Department of Justice's Tax Division, filed a false
individual income tax return for 2008 that failed to include reporting her
interest in or signature authority over foreign financial accounts at HSBC
India.

In 2008, Bhasin's bank accounts at HSBC India were valued at approximately $8.3
million, department said adding that her tax return reported only $1,257.16,
while she actually earned $169,000 of interest income on certificates of deposit
maintained at HSBC India.

At the plea hearing, Bhasin admitted to filing a false Report of Foreign Bank
and Financial Accounts for 2009 and a false amended tax return for 2009 that
reported ownership of a foreign bank account in India holding only $49,000. It
said Bhasin also admitted to filing similar false reports for 2007 and 2008.

Bhasin, according to the department, faces a maximum sentence of three years in
prison and fine of up to $250,000, or twice the amount of financial gain to the
defendant or loss to IRS. Additionally, she has agreed to pay a 50 per cent
civil penalty based on the year with the highest aggregate account balance
between 2004 and 2009 for failing to file reports relating to her undeclared
bank accounts.

On Monday, Dahake, the New Jersey-based businessman, had pleaded guilty to an
indictment charging him with one count of conspiracy to defraud the IRS. Dahake,
to be sentenced in July, faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine, or twice the amount of financial gain accrued to him or the loss
to the IRS. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           November 17, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Jurors Split On Hooters Co-Founder

BYLINE: MICHAEL SASSO, msasso@tampatrib.com

SECTION: MONEYSENSE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 486 words


TAX EVASION CASE ENDS IN MISTRIAL

By MICHAEL SASSO

msasso@tampatrib.com

TAMPA -- Is the co-founder of the Hooters restaurant chain, Lynn "L.D." Stewart,
a tax cheat who hid millions from the IRS? Or is he a victim of a crooked
accountant, who devised illegal tax schemes without his knowledge?

On Wednesday, a jury of 12 people in Stewart's federal tax-evasion trial in
Tampa decided it couldn't find the answer. About 1 p.m. Wednesday, U.S. District
Judge Susan Bucklew announced that the jury in the two-week-old trial was
hopelessly deadlocked, and she declared a mistrial.

Stewart, 62, faced two criminal counts of income tax evasion, each of which
carries up to a five-year prison sentence, and two counts of filing a false tax
return, each of which carries possible three-year terms.

It was unclear Wednesday what the prosecution's next move would be. Steve Cole,
spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office, said the agency will need to review
its options and decide whether to retry the case.

Stewart issued a brief statement in which he praised his defense attorney, John
Fitzgibbons, and said he regretted that a mistrial had been declared. Although
Stewart could face another tax-evasion trial, his family was gleeful that he
remains a free man.

Stewart's family formed a circle around Stewart just outside Bucklew's courtroom
on the 14th floor of the federal courthouse. They smiled as one of the jurors,
76-year-old former aerospace engineer Jim Quinn, told them how he never believed
Stewart was guilty.

"I thought he was innocent all along," Quinn said as he left the courthouse.

Other jurors weren't so sure, though. Jury foreman Roger Munroe said the jury
went back and forth about Stewart over three days of deliberations. At first,
the vote was 8-4 in favor of "not guilty." Then, it changed to 8-4 "guilty." By
the end of deliberations, six jurors said he was guilty, four said not guilty
and two were undecided, Munroe said.

At issue during the trial was how closely Stewart watched his personal finances.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Hoffer said Stewart earned at least $33 million from
the sale of his stake in Hooters, which he helped found in Clearwater in 1983.
Stewart and his accountant, Michael Maricle of Clearwater, devised ways to hide
some of those millions from the IRS by shuffling money from one trust fund to
another, Hoffer told the jury.

Fitzgibbons, Stewart's attorney, argued that Stewart left his financial affairs
in the hands of Maricle, who was an old and trusted friend. Stewart didn't
realize that Maricle's system for shielding assets from taxes was illegal,
Fitzgibbons told jurors. Fitzgibbons also attacked Maricle's credibility,
because Maricle admitted in court to embezzling more than $900,000 of Stewart's
money.

Reporter Michael Sasso can be reached at (813) 259-7865.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Buffalo Man Pleads Guilty To Wire Fraud And Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. announced today that Salvatore Letizia, 40,
of Buffalo, NY, pleaded guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion before U.S.
District Judge Richard J. Arcara. The wire fraud charge carries up to 20 years
in prison and the tax evasion charge carries up to five years in prison.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Frank T. Pimentel, who is handling the case, stated that
from 2005 until 2009, Letizia defrauded four individuals out of more than
$360,000. The defendant made false representations to entice the victims to
invest in fictional business ventures.  Letizia took the invested funds and
credit lines and used them for his personal benefit. In addition, the defendant
failed to file any tax returns for the tax years 2005 through 2009 declaring the
income that resulted from the fraudulent activity.  The plea is the result of an
investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Adam S. Cohen Niagara, and Special Agents of the
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation Division, under the direction
of Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special Agent in Charge. Sentencing is scheduled for
September 29, 2016, at 12:30 p.m. before Judge Arcara.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 18, 2013 Friday

Little Egg man with ties to crime family pleads guilty to gambling scheme, tax
evasion

BYLINE: Joel Landau, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 302 words


Oct. 18--A Little Egg Harbor man and reputed associate of the Genovese Crime
Family pleaded guilty to charges he was involved in a racketeering conspiracy
and tax evasion scheme in federal court Thursday.

John Breheney, a/k/a "Fu," 49, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Claire
C. Cecchi in Newark to an information charging him with conspiracy to violate
the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations, or RICO, statute, according
to U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman. His charges are in connection to collecting
unlawful debt and Breheney agreed to forfeit $400,000 to the government,
authorities said.

Breheney and 11others alleged members or associates of the Genovese Crime Family
were arrested on May 22, 2012. They were charged with engaging in an illegal
sports betting business conducted, in part, through an offshore website, and
cargo theft, Fishman said. Breheney admitted that he earned income through his
criminal activities and then concealed this income from the IRS by making false
tax returns and failing to pay taxes on this income, Fishman said.

Authorities said Breheney acted as an agent that collected bets and tracked them
through a website along with the other associates. If a bettor was unable or
unwilling to repay gambling losses, then the agent would charge exorbitant
interest onto these debts and they used extortionate means to collect these
debts, including the express or veiled threat that the agent, sub-agent, or
their co-conspirators had the backing of the Genovese Crime Family, Fishman
said.

Breheney faces up to 25 years in prison and $500,000 fine. He will be sentenced
on Feb. 5.

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131018-1AC-Little-Egg-man-with-ties-to-crime-family-pleads-guilty-to-gambling-
scheme-tax-evasion-1018-20131018

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday
                               WED FINAL Edition

Horse breeder arrested for income tax evasion

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 99 words


A 69-year-old Colorado horse breeder has been arrested for income tax evasion,
the U.S. Attorney's Office and the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation division announced Tuesday.

Nikitis A. Mangeris was arrested at his home in Berthoud last Friday, officials
said.

Mangeris was indicted by a federal grand jury in Denver on Jan. 9 for tax
evasion and aiding and abetting in tax evasion.

He appeared in U.S. District Court in Denver on the day of his arrest and was
advised of his rights and the charges pending against him, then was released on
a $10,000 unsecured personal appearance bond.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Former Sonoma County developer sentenced to three years for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mary Callahan, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


July 06--Former Sonoma County developer and savings and loan officer Jay Scott
Soderling, whose history of financial fraud dates back to the mid-1980s, was
sentenced Tuesday to three years in federal prison for tax evasion and
conspiracy to defraud the United States government by hiding assets, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said.

The Santa Rosa man and his wife, Jessica Lynn Soderling, were convicted after a
five-day trial in December of shifting money into different accounts to avoid
detection, thus allowing him to claim he could not pay $90,000 in back taxes
even as he purchased a luxury sports car and a boat, authorities said.

Soderling's trail of deceit dates back at least to the 1980s when he and his
brother were convicted of looting $16.5 million from investors in their company,
Golden Pacific Savings and Loan. He has served at least two stints in federal
prison already. Soderling will serve three years of supervised probation and has
been ordered to pay restitution of $345,697, federal authorities said.

Jessica Soderling, convicted of a single count of conspiracy, was sentenced in
April to three months of probation and ordered to pay restitution of $153,242,
the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

You can reach Staff Writer Mary Callahan at 521-5249 or
mary.callahan@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @MaryCallahanB.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160706-UR-Former-Sonoma-County-developer-sentenced-to-three-years-for-
tax-evasion-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday

NL restaurant owner guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 412 words


Dec. 06--The owner of the Bulkeley House Restaurant in downtown New London has
pleaded guilty to failing to report $1.4 million in income over a seven-year
period.

Luciano G. Mase, 56, of Westbrook, faces up to five years in federal prison and
a fine of up to $250,000 when he is sentenced Feb. 24 by U.S. District Judge
Ellen Bree Burns.

Mase accepted a plea deal from the government, waiving his right to indictment
in exchange for pleading guilty to tax evasion.

Mase is the sole owner of Moreland Corp., which does business as The Bulkeley
House at 111 Bank St.

According to the office of U.S. Attorney David B. Fein, Mase incorporated the
business in his daughter's name. Father and daughter both had signing authority
on the business' two bank accounts, though she received no payments. The
corporation generated cash receipts, some of which Mase deposited into his
personal bank accounts rather than the business accounts.

In pleading guilty, Mase admitted that, for the 2003 through 2009 tax years, he
filed false tax returns that substantially under-reported the business' gross
receipts. For each year, Moreland Corp. issued K-1 forms that attributed
Moreland Corp.'s ordinary income to Mase's daughter rather than to him.

As a result, Mase failed to report a total of $1,397,039, according to the
government. The charge to which Mase pleaded guilty relates to his individual
tax return for the 2007 tax year. On the return, Mase stated that his taxable
income for 2007 was $50,976, and that the amount of tax due was $9,168. His
total taxable income for 2007 was approximately $613,123, resulting in an
underpayment of approximately $169,061 in federal income tax, according to the
government.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service's criminal
investigation division is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Peter S.
Jongbloed.

Mase has agreed that, as a result of his conduct, the federal and state tax loss
for the 2003 to 2009 tax years is $450,485. As part of the resolution of the
case, he will repay $380,475 to the IRS and $70,010 to the state of Connecticut,
plus interest and penalties.

On April 30, 2010, IRS Criminal Investigation special agents conducted a
court-authorized search of Mase's Westbrook residence and seized $225,010 in
U.S. currency. Those funds have been applied toward his tax liability.

___ (c)2011 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111206-NL-NL-restaurant-owner-guilty-of-tax-evasion-1206-20111206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 22, 2009 Wednesday

BRIEF: Grand jury indicts Spicer man for tax evasion

BYLINE: David Little, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 234 words


Apr. 22--ST. PAUL -- A federal grand jury has indicted Robert Goris, 70, of
Spicer on two counts of tax evasion. Goris made his initial appearance in
federal court Tuesday before U.S. Magistrate Arthur Boylan, said David Anderson,
public affairs specialist for U.S. Attorney Frank Magill.

Goris was charged April 15 for allegedly evading $740,000 in income taxes for
the tax years 2002 and 2003. The indictment alleges Goris received $3.5 million
in total income in 2002 and received total income of $200,000 in 2003.

Goris is alleged to have reported his total tax to be $0 and claimed a $15,000
refund on his 2002 tax return when he knew his total tax was substantially in
excess of $0 and he wasn't entitled to a refund.

He is also alleged to have reported his total tax to be $5,635 on his 2003 tax
return when he knew his total tax was substantially more than that amount.

If convicted, Goris faces a potential maximum penalty of five years in prison on
each tax evasion count.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2009, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090422-YM-BRF-Grand-jury-indicts-Spicer-man-for-tax-evasion-0422

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                                 Copyright 2009


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Carpentier back on track; Canadian to drive at NASCAR race in Montreal

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 449  words


It's not exactly resurrecting a stagnant racing career, but Patrick Carpentier
will be back behind the wheel for NASCAR's Nationwide Series NAPA Auto Parts
2000 at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in August.

The 37-year-old native of LaSalle, Que. will drive the No. 99 NAPA Auto Parts
Toyota Camry for Michael Waltrip Racing Aug. 29-30 in what might be his only
race action this year, following his departure from Gillett Evernham Motorsports
before the end of last season.

"It's great to be back and have an opportunity like this, especially after the
good memory of last year here," Carpentier said Wednesday.

"It is tough this year. But we're off to Las Vegas (Thursday) and then to
Phoenix to meet with some Sprint Cup and Nationwide teams and hopefully it will
give a little bit of momentum to trying to get behind the wheel before
(Montreal)."

CASTRONEVES CLEARED

Brazilian racing driver Helio Castroneves, twice an Indianapolis 500 winner, was
found not guilty Friday of tax evasion.

After six days of deliberation by the jury, the driver's sister and business
manager, Katiucia, was also acquitted on the charges.

However, the jury remained hung on charges on conspiracy against the duo.

Castroneves, his sister as well as lawyer Alan Miller, were accused of
conspiring to evade millions of dollars in taxes over a five-year period.

Miller was cleared of three charges of tax evasion as well as one of conspiracy.

"I just want to thank God, and my fans, and all of the people who prayed for
me," Castroneves said.

The three pleaded innocent last October to allegations that the driver failed to
report millions of dollars in income to the Internal Revenue Service.

Castroneves, 33, was indicted on charges of conspiracy and six counts of tax
evasion for purportedly failing to report to the IRS about 5.5 million dollars
in income between 1999 and 2004.

ON THE BUTTON

Jenson Button made the best possible start to his quest for a third successive
F1 victory by setting the quickest lap time in Friday's two practice sessions
for the Chinese GP in Beijing.

The Briton, who won the first two races of the season from pole position, again
showed the pace of his Brawn GP car with a storming lap of one minute, 35.679
seconds late in the second session.

"We've improved a car a lot over the day, but there's still a bit more work to
do until I'm completely happy," said the 29-year-old, who leads the championship
by five points from teammate Rubens Barrichello.

"There seemed to be a lot of traffic on the track today so my main concern was
finding some clear air."

German Nico Rosberg posted a time of 1.35.704 for Williams to edge Brazilian
Barrichello (1.35.881) and deny Brawn GP the top two times of the day.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Getty Images; Greg Biffle prepares to drive during practice for
the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series Subway Fresh Fit 500 at Phoenix International
Raceway in Avondale, Ariz. ;
Colour Photo: Patrick Carpentier ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Buffalo Man Pleads Guilty To Wire Fraud And Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of New York has issued
the following news release:



  U.S. Attorney William J. Hochul Jr. announced today that Salvatore Letizia,
40, of Buffalo, NY, pleaded guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion before U.S.
District Judge Richard J. Arcara. The wire fraud charge carries up to 20 years
in prison and the tax evasion charge carries up to five years in prison.





 Assistant U.S. Attorney Frank T. Pimentel, who is handling the case, stated
that from 2005 until 2009, Letizia defrauded four individuals out of more than
$360,000. The defendant made false representations to entice the victims to
invest in fictional business ventures.  Letizia took the invested funds and
credit lines and used them for his personal benefit. In addition, the defendant
failed to file any tax returns for the tax years 2005 through 2009 declaring the
income that resulted from the fraudulent activity.



 The plea is the result of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Adam S. Cohen
Niagara, and Special Agents of the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation Division, under the direction of Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special
Agent in Charge.



 Sentencing is scheduled for September 29, 2016, at 12:30 p.m. before Judge
Arcara.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

El Paso woman sentenced to a year and three months in prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: Aaron Martinez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


May 14--An El Paso woman this week was sentenced to a year and three months in
prison in federal court after pleading guilty to two counts of tax evasion.

Cynthia Rebecca Flores, 53, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Philip R.
Martinez on Wednesday. He also ordered two years supervised release after her
prison term and fined $1,000 for each count.

Flores pleaded guilty on March 3.

She was originally arrested on Dec. 16, 2014 on suspicion of filing false income
tax return documents with the Internal Revenue Service in 2009 and 2010 while
she was working at a car dealership in El Paso, IRS officials said.

Flores stated in her tax documents that her taxable income for 2009 was $48,712
and was required to pay about $7,000 back to the IRS, an indictment states.
Flores actually earned about $138,593 and owed the government about $24,101,
according to the indictment.

She also reported earning about $48,747 in 2010, but according to the indictment
she actually made about $152,571 and owed the government about $27,520.

The under reported income came from embezzled funds from an El Paso car
dealership Flores was working for, according to IRS officials.

The scheme was discovered by a company conducting an audit for the car
dealership, officials said. The name of the dealership was not released.

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249.

___ (c)2015 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150514-EY-El-Paso-woman-sentenced-to-a-year-and-three-months-in-prison-for-
tax-evasion-0514-20150514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2015 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

El Paso woman sentenced to a year and three months in prison for tax evasion

BYLINE: Aaron Martinez, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 249 words


May 14--An El Paso woman this week was sentenced to a year and three months in
prison in federal court after pleading guilty to two courts of tax evasion.

Cynthia Rebecca Flores, 53, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Philip R.
Martinez on Wednesday. He also ordered two years supervised release after her
prison term and fined $1,000 for each count.

Flores pleaded guilty on March 3.

She was originally arrested on Dec. 16, 2014 on suspicion of filing false income
tax return documents with the Internal Revenue Service in 2009 and 2010 while
she was working at a car dealership in El Paso, IRS officials said.

Flores stated in her tax documents that her taxable income for 2009 was $48,712
and was required to pay about $7,000 back to the IRS, an indictment states.
Flores actually earned about $138,593 and owed the government about $24,101,
according to the indictment.

She also reported earning about $48,747 in 2010, but according to the indictment
she actually made about $152,571 and owed the government about $27,520.

The under reported income came from embezzled funds from an El Paso car
dealership Flores was working for, according to IRS officials.

The scheme was discovered by a company conducting an audit for the car
dealership, officials said. The name of the dealership was not released.

Aaron Martinez may be reached at 546-6249.

___ (c)2015 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150514-EY-El-Paso-woman-sentenced-to-a-year-and-three-months-in-prison-for-
tax-evasion-0514-20150514

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2015 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Alabama: Huntsville Man Must Pay $3.7 Million to IRS for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A federal judge this week sentenced a Huntsville man to five years' probation
for tax evasion but ordered him to pay $3.7 million in restitution to the
government, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and Internal Revenue
Service Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge Veronica Hyman-Pillot.

U.S. District Judge Abdul K. Kallon sentenced PAUL BRACY JR., 71, on one count
of tax evasion. The U.S. Attorney's Office charged Bracy in July. Bracy owned
several small businesses: Bracy's Vending and the Green Room Lounge in Madison
County and PBS Blues Bar in Macon County. Bracy also owned four pieces of real
property, two in Madison County, one in Choctaw County and one in Mobile County.

According to court documents, the IRS was about to determine Bracy was
personally responsible for $60,995 in unpaid taxes associated with businesses he
owned, when Bracy conveyed the four pieces of real property, via "sham
transactions," to others in order to avoid IRS seizure of the properties to
satisfy the outstanding tax amount. As part of his plea agreement, Bracy agreed
to pay the $3,747,650 in restitution to the government.

"Most citizens diligently pay their taxes," Vance said. "The willful failure of
others to do so is patently unfair and criminal. We will aggressively seek to
investigate and prosecute those individuals."

"Business owners have a responsibility to withhold income taxes for their
employees and then remit those taxes to the Internal Revenue Service,"
Hyman-Pillot said. "The failure to pay over withheld taxes is a serious offense.
IRS Criminal Investigation vigorously pursues anyone who collects taxes and
fails to timely remit those taxes."

The IRS-CI investigated the case, which the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Northern District of Alabama prosecuted.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/aln/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Alabama: Huntsville Man Must Pay $3.7 Million to IRS for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A federal judge this week sentenced a Huntsville man to five years' probation
for tax evasion but ordered him to pay $3.7 million in restitution to the
government, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance and Internal Revenue
Service Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge Veronica Hyman-Pillot.

U.S. District Judge Abdul K. Kallon sentenced PAUL BRACY JR., 71, on one count
of tax evasion. The U.S. Attorney's Office charged Bracy in July. Bracy owned
several small businesses: Bracy's Vending and the Green Room Lounge in Madison
County and PBS Blues Bar in Macon County. Bracy also owned four pieces of real
property, two in Madison County, one in Choctaw County and one in Mobile County.

According to court documents, the IRS was about to determine Bracy was
personally responsible for $60,995 in unpaid taxes associated with businesses he
owned, when Bracy conveyed the four pieces of real property, via "sham
transactions," to others in order to avoid IRS seizure of the properties to
satisfy the outstanding tax amount. As part of his plea agreement, Bracy agreed
to pay the $3,747,650 in restitution to the government.

"Most citizens diligently pay their taxes," Vance said. "The willful failure of
others to do so is patently unfair and criminal. We will aggressively seek to
investigate and prosecute those individuals."

"Business owners have a responsibility to withhold income taxes for their
employees and then remit those taxes to the Internal Revenue Service,"
Hyman-Pillot said. "The failure to pay over withheld taxes is a serious offense.
IRS Criminal Investigation vigorously pursues anyone who collects taxes and
fails to timely remit those taxes."

The IRS-CI investigated the case, which the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Northern District of Alabama prosecuted.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/aln/

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Meadville Tribune (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 14, 2012 Friday

Former Crawford County jail doc gets five months for tax evasion

BYLINE: Keith Gushard, The Meadville Tribune, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Dec. 14--ERIE -- A physician from Linesville who formerly was the attending
physician at the Crawford County jail, was sentenced this morning in federal
court in Erie to five months in federal prison for income tax evasion.

Calling it "a case of greed," U.S. District Judge Sean McLaughlin sentenced Dr.
Richard Moran of Linesville to five months in jail to be followed by seven
months house arrest and then one year of supervised release and a $7,500.

Moran could have received up to three years in jail and a $250,000 fine after
pleading guilty in June to on one count of filing a false federal income tax
return for the 2005 tax year.

While Moran pleaded guilty to filing false income tax return for the 2005 tax
year, in his plea agreement with the federal government Moran also admitted
responsibility for filing false income tax returns in 2006, 2007 and 2008.

Moran admitted to underreporting his income by about $100,000 a year in each of
those years.

Moran had been the physician for the Crawford County Correctional Facility for
about 20 years, until Crawford County commissioners relieved Moran of duties in
September following his plea agreement.

In early September, commissioners approved a contract with Prime Care Medical
Inc. of Harrisburg to have the company provide physician services for the county
jail in Saegertown until Prime Care's full medical services contract began in
October.

See Saturday's Tribune for more details.

___ (c)2012 The Meadville Tribune (Meadville, Pa.) Visit The Meadville Tribune
(Meadville, Pa.) at meadvilletribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121214-XM-Former-Crawford-County-jail-doc-gets-five-months-for-
tax-evasion-1214-20121214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XM


                      Copyright 2012 The Meadville Tribune


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             July 6, 2005 Wednesday

Tax evasion arrests in Maryland climb under Schaefer directive

BYLINE: Dori Berman

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Comptroller William Donald Schaefer said a crackdown by his enforcement division
resulted in increases in arrests for fuel tax evasion and alcohol tax violations
in the fiscal year that closed last week.

The Comptroller of Maryland Regulatory and Enforcement Division -- which
Schaefer has made a priority, a spokesman said --saw a 79 percent jump in the
number of arrests for fuel tax evasion and a 10 percent rise in arrest for
alcohol tax evasion during the fiscal year that ended June 30. Arrests from
cigarette smuggling dropped, but remained at high levels.

The increased arrests are "because of our enforcement efforts," said Michael D.
Golden. "The comptroller has made it one of his goals since becoming comptroller
in 1999 to level the playing field and make sure all the tax laws are being
followed."

Golden said the comptroller could not yet determine how much revenue could be
recovered because it will take time to settle the cases.

Enforcement agents arrested 86 people for violations of motor fuel tax laws.
Almost half of those were for diesel fuel dyed red to mark it as untaxed.
Off-road vehicles -- such as farm and construction equipment -- may use the dyed
fuel, but trucks that use the state's roadways must use clear diesel, taxed by
both federal and state levies. Violators are found through random stops and
testing.

Suppliers dye the fuel marked for tax-exempt status, and the fuel is then
available at some service stations.

Schaefer's office said nearly all of the violators were truckers or trucking
companies.

While a trucking industry representative said it is unusual for trucking
companies to violate diesel fuel tax laws, the industry supports strong
enforcement efforts.

Evasion "depletes highway trust fund revenues," said Bob Pitcher, vice president
of state laws for the American Trucking Associations. "It is less widespread
than it used to be on account of some measures that have been taken on the
federal and state levels. Maryland is one of the more aggressive states."

Maryland has also become more aggressive toward cigarette smuggling.

The number of arrests dropped from 177 in fiscal year 2004 to 122 in fiscal year
2005, but the numbers have drastically increased since Schaefer was elected.
Only seven smuggling arrests were made in fiscal year 1999, the year Schaefer
took office. Last year saw the highest number of arrests.

"The signal has gotten out there clearly that we are going after cigarette
smugglers," Golden said. Because states to the north of Maryland have higher
cigarette taxes, Golden said it is likely the smugglers are just passing through
Maryland from states like North Carolina, where the per pack cigarette tax is
five cents. Rhode Island has the highest tax at $2.46. Maryland's tax is $1 per
pack.

Meanwhile, arrests for alcohol tax violations increased by 10 percent following
three years of decline. Most of those arrests were for retailers not purchasing
from wholesalers, refilling or tampering with bottle contents, unlicensed sales
and possession of untaxed alcohol. Schaefer recently announced his office will
expand an audit program of alcohol retailers that has shown success in four
state jurisdictions.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 29, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Contractor's tax evasion sentence toughened;
Judge shows displeasure with ruling by appeals court on Derbes case

BYLINE: Christopher Walker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 577 words


The Patriot Ledger BOSTON - An openly reluctant federal judge toughened a tax
evasion sentence for a prominent Quincy road contractor, but still refused to
order any jail time. U.S. District Judge Richard Stearns sentenced Frank Derbes
- co-owner of Derbes Brothers Inc. - to spend three months in a halfway house
and three extra months under house arrest for a 2002 federal tax evasion
conviction.

The judge's decision yesterday follows an Appeals Court ruling overturning
Stearns' original decision last year to sentence Derbes to nine months of house
arrest and 15 months of probation. Derbes has already served the full nine-month
house arrest term of the original sentence, in which he was monitored by an
electronic bracelet but could leave home to go to work.

Stearns made little effort to hide his displeasure at the Appeals Court ruling
during a brief hearing yesterday, at one point suggesting that the new sentence
for Derbes "was more than he actually deserves."

Prosecutors had sought at least a 13-month prison term for Frank Derbes, whose
brother, Robert, completed a one-year prison term this summer for similar tax
fraud charges. When Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Pineault held out the
possibility that the government may object to the refined sentence, Stearns
bluntly told the prosecutor:

"I think the government just ought to drop it at this point."

The two Derbes brothers pleaded guilty to evading more than $500,000 in federal
income taxes. Prosecutors alleged the brothers invented fake expenses and wrote
checks to subcontractors, but instead of sending the checks, they had someone
endorse them, cash them and hand the money back to the company.

Prosecutors also charged that over the same time period, Frank Derbes took
checks made out to his company and instead of depositing them into Derbes Bros.
accounts, cashed many of them at a Quincy check cashing company, according to
court records. Robert Derbes also did not deposit some checks into the company's
accounts, records state.

As result, the company's earnings were under-reported by several hundred
thousand dollars.

Derbes' attorney, William Cintolo, described a family trying to get itself and
its business beyond a mistake they admitted to years ago. Based in South Quincy
for more than 40 years, Derbes Brothers is one of the South Shore's largest road
contractors. While the brothers pleaded guilty to the charges, they have always
disputed a number of the figures offered by federal prosecutors and deny that
they tried to benefit personally by evading taxes.

"I just want to get on with my life," Frank Derbes said after the hearing,
saying he doesn't plan to appeal the new sentence.

Stearns originally sentenced Derbes to probation and house arrest based on
health issues and concerns that the business could fail if one of the brothers
was not involved at all times. The appeals court ruled that Stearns used only
thin evidence to support departing from sentence guidelines.

The appeals court also suggested that there was nothing in court records to
suggest that the federal prison system wouldn't be able to properly care for
Derbes' health problems.

The Derbes Brothers, once the city's primary road contractor, is now also in a
$1 million legal fight with the city. The company claims it was cheated out of
money for work performed over several years, while the city argues the company
charged for work it never did. Christopher Walker may be reached at
cwalker@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 17, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

Educator Gets Term for Tax Evasion;
U.S. Judge Rejects Probation for Alexandria Guidance Official

Steve Bates, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C2

LENGTH: 456 words


A federal judge sentenced a prominent Alexandria educator to 60 days in jail
yesterday for tax evasion, brushing aside supporters' claims that he can do more
good by staying on the job.

James E. McClure, 55, of Springfield, guidance director at T.C. Williams High
School, began serving his sentence immediately. He had pleaded guilty to one
count of tax evasion after being indicted on four counts.

Dozens of Alexandria residents had sent letters to District Court Judge Albert
V. Bryan Jr., urging him to put McClure on probation rather than in jail. Bryan
acknowledged those pleas yesterday, but he rejected the assertion by McClure's
attorney, Thomas Hill, that McClure's crime was "an aberration" and that he
deserved to receive probation because of his service to the community.

"This was not an aberration; this was cheating," Bryan said. "When he cheats on
his taxes, he cheats everybody in this room."

McClure, who has a reputation for helping students and parents through crises,
admitted underreporting his taxable income by more than $ 125,000 over four
years and providing false documents during an audit in an attempt to support
deductions. As part of his plea bargain, he has agreed to pay back taxes.

Assistant U.S. Attorney David Barger asked Bryan yesterday to impose jail time.
"One of the messages that needs to be sent to youth is that they must take
responsibility for their actions," Barger said.

"I'm deeply sorry for my irresponsible actions and the impact they have had on
the community I have served for 26 years," McClure said before he was sentenced.

Meanwhile, Alexandria school officials said yesterday that they have not decided
whether to ask the state Board of Education to revoke McClure's teaching
license, which likely would cost him his job. Alexandria officials also have the
options of demoting McClure, cutting his pay and firing him. School Board
Chairman V. Rodger Digilio said the board would await a recommendation from
Acting Superintendent Maxine J. Wood.

Digilio said McClure probably would be allowed to take paid leave while he is in
jail. His salary is about $ 65,000 a year.

McClure's supporters expressed disappointment after he was jailed. "I'm very
upset about it," said city resident Carol LaSasso, who added that "the community
is prepared to accept him back in the same capacity."

But School Board member Patricia Hennig said the sentence shows that "no one is
above the law; no one is allowed to cut their own rules."

Last week, McClure was transferred from the high school to a temporary
assignment at the school system's headquarters.

McClure began working for the school system in 1968 and has been the guidance
director at T.C. Williams since 1973.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Scranton funeral director charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Terrie Morgan-Besecker, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


Jan. 19--Scranton funeral director Al Hughes was indicted on charges he evaded
taxes on about $1.25 million he pilfered from several funeral homes.

Federal prosecutors say that from 2009 to 2014, Mr. Hughes cashed hundreds of
customers' checks intended for funeral home services and deposited the money
into his personal account.

According to the indictment, Mr. Hughes reported income totalling $268,164 over
that time period, knowing that his actual income was "substantially" more. The
document does not specify the amount he actually earned.

He faces five counts of tax evasion charges. He pleaded not guilty today.

Mr. Hughes was a key witness in the 2011 corruption trial of former Lackawanna
County commissioners Robert Cordaro and A.J. Munchak, who were convicted of
extorting money from companies that did business with the county. Prosecutors
said Mr. Hughes acted as the go-between in passing money from the businesses to
Mr. Cordaro.

The indictment of Mr. Hughes which was issued Tuesday but remained sealed until
today. U.S. District Magistrate Judge Karoline Mehalchick arraigned and released
him. Court documents do not indicate if he was required to post bail.

Check back for updates.

Contact the writer: tbesecker@timesshamrock.com, @tmbeseckerTT on Twitter.

___ (c)2017 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170119-YT-Scranton-funeral-director-charged-with-tax-evasion
-0119-20170119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2017 The Times-Tribune


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2012 Tuesday

Tennessee: Supreme Court affirms disbarment of attorney who pleaded guilty to
willful tax evasion

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: Nashville


Administrative Office of the Courts, State of Tennessee has issued the following
news release:

In a unanimous opinion, the Tennessee Supreme Court ruled today that the
Chancery Court for Carter County properly disbarred Thomas Ewing Cowan from the
practice of law in Tennessee.

In 2009, Mr. Cowan pleaded guilty in federal district court to the felony
offense of willful attempt to defeat or evade the payment of taxes, for which
Mr. Cowan was sentenced to one year of imprisonment and ordered to pay $270,000
in restitution.

A disciplinary hearing panel convened by the Board of Professional
Responsibility (BPR) found Mr. Cowan's admitted tax evasion and several other
aggravating factors, including a prior disciplinary history, called for a
suspension of Mr. Cowan's law license.

On appeal by the BPR, the chancery court modified the determination of the panel
and disbarred Mr. Cowan, relying on the American Bar Association's Standards for
Imposing Lawyer Sanctions. The chancellor emphasized that willful tax evasion
requires an affirmative act and that Mr. Cowan had not acknowledged the
seriousness of his misconduct.

The Supreme Court affirmed the chancery court's judgment disbarring Mr. Cowan
from the practice of law. The Court noted that other states have disbarred
lawyers for willful tax evasion and Mr. Cowan had a significant history of
ethical violations, including two suspensions, three public reprimands, and
fifteen private admonishments.

For more information please visit: http://www.tsc.state.tn.us

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

Indicted capitalist Carlow crushed businesses, spirits

BYLINE: Brian Bowling and Carl Prine

LENGTH: 1018 words


A day after he and his housemate were indicted on federal tax evasion charges,
Michael P. Carlow was at his sparse office in a closed Neville Island cement
plant.

In the past 20 years, Carlow has gone from the heights of the Frick Building,
Downtown, to a federal prison in Morgantown, W.Va., to the drab office near
Neville Island's southeastern tip.

Along the way, he went from being called a savior of several struggling
companies to the man responsible for their corpses, including the D.L. Clark Co.
of Clark Bar fame, Pittsburgh Brewing and its Iron City Beer, and City Pride
Bakery -- viewed as the model for a rebirth of manufacturing in Pittsburgh.

On Wednesday, a federal grand jury indicted Carlow, 60, of Upper St. Clair and
his housemate, Elizabeth G. Jones, 50, on charges of tax evasion and conspiracy.
The nine-count indictment claims the pair used a series of companies to hide
Carlow's assets to prevent the Internal Revenue Service from seizing his money
and properties to satisfy the $6.4 million he still owes in unpaid taxes,
penalties and interest from his 1990s business dealings.

The news elated some and dredged up bitter memories for others.

Chuck Geiger, 67, of Brighton Heights is still angry about Carlow's role in the
demise of City Pride, an employee-owned Lawrenceville business that grew out of
the closure of 100-year-old Braun bakery.

Geiger and 43 other former Braun employees had pooled their money and their
sweat to line up public and private investors, get letters of intent from Giant
Eagle, Shop 'n Save and other potential customers, and build the bakery from the
ground up. Investors included the state, which kicked in about $1.1 million, and
a group of nuns, he said.

"We spent a couple of years working around the clock to build it up," he said.

Then, almost overnight, Carlow gained control of the company in 1993, Geiger
said. Eleven months later, Carlow shut it down.

"He ruined everything," Geiger said.

Carlow spent six years in prison after he pleaded guilty in May 1996 to eight
charges, including bank fraud, tax evasion, wire fraud and embezzling from an
employee benefit fund. The charges came out of a $31 million check-kiting scheme
Carlow used to fuel his purchases.

Sitting in a paper-strewn office powered by a portable generator, Carlow on
Thursday declined to talk on the record. Wearing a long-sleeved Ralph Lauren
polo shirt, bluejeans and running shoes, he politely fended off questions while
sitting at a worn meeting table.

The office lies a couple of hundred yards from a padlocked double gate watched
by a security guard. The guard and Carlow were the only two people in evidence
at the plant that GMI Land Co. bought from Kosmos Cement Co. in June 2007.

Several of Carlow's more recent business ventures, allegedly orchestrated
through Jones, have suffered similar fates.

In 2008, Platinum Funding Group of New York funneled $25 million to Jones for
the purchase of Cumberland Valley Fabricators, a metal shop in Maryland, and
Waddell Construction, a Northern Virginia contractor -- two firms that annually
combined for more than $20 million in revenues, records show.

Both companies soon plummeted into insolvency. Platinum founder Eyal Levy was
elated yesterday when he learned from a Trib reporter that Carlow and Jones had
been charged.

"That's fantastic!" said Levy. "They stole from us. It is about time."

Levy estimated that Platinum lost more than $1 million in the deal the venture
capital firm made with Jones that was brokered through Carlow.

Richard Waddell, founder of Waddell Construction, said Carlow snookered him,
too.

"I really don't want to talk about it," he said. "But everyone needs to
understand that he took me for $1.5 million."

Downtown attorney Richard J. Parks said Florida-based Utica Leasco, an equipment
rental company, is in for nearly $3 million with Jones for the former Neville
Island cement plant, and his clients have not been paid anything by Jones in 30
months. The company wants either its money back or the property to be sold in a
sheriff's sale.

"We've been trying to get a solution for 2 1/2 years for this, and Carlow is
still there," said Parks. "That's how slowly the system works."

Hearing that Carlow was selling parts of the plant for scrap, Utica Leasco sent
a crew to inspect the 11-acre site. The crew discovered that much of the salvage
had indeed been trucked away, Parks said.

A court order allows Neville Island Supply, another Carlow company, to grind
slag aggregate to make cement, but the stainless steel flails inside the drum
that do the grinding were sold for scrap and so was the copper wiring needed to
power the equipment, according to Parks.

Carlow first came to Pittsburgh's attention in 1991 when he bought the D.L.
Clark Co. and seemingly rescued its trademark Clark Bar from extinction. The
next year, he bought Pittsburgh Brewing, which made Iron City Beer. His stated
intent was to turn the floundering companies around, and civic leaders hailed
him as a savior of the hometown brands.

At the same time, Geiger and his colleagues had City Pride bakery up and
running. While the company was not perfect, Geiger doesn't believe its financial
condition was as bad as press stories at the time made it sound. He doesn't know
directly because he was in charge of shipping and receiving rather than
finances, but he knows they were busy and their customers were happy.

Their efforts attracted national attention, and Geiger ended up traveling to
Chicago and New York to talk with other bakery employees trying to save their
companies, and he was interviewed by ABC News anchor Peter Jennings.

"As far as I'm concerned, we were doing pretty good," Geiger said.

When Carlow gained control of the company, he brought in his own people, and
sales fell when the bakery started producing inferior bread, Geiger said. Carlow
said at the time that the company had lost $4 million over the 11 months he
owned it.

Geiger said he and the other original investors eventually lost all their money
and effort they had put into the company.

"He ran us into the ground," Geiger said.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 6, 2001, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

VICTIMS AND WATCHDOGS DESCRIBE TAX EVASION SCAMS ON THE INTERNET;
WITNESSES TELL SENATE PANEL THAT IRS SHOULD DO MORE TO WARN GULLIBLE

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTONWARNINGS; TAX EVASION; SCAMS; SCHEMES FRAUD; CONTACT
INFORMATION; INTERNAL REVENUE; SERVICE


Tax evasion scams are spreading on the Internet, victims and self-appointed
watchdogs told the Senate Finance Committee on Thursday. The witnesses said the
IRS isn't doing enough to pursue promoters or warn gullible taxpayers.

Aaron Bazar of North Potomac, Md., said he lost $ 8,000 after responding to an
unsolicited e-mail touting what appeared to be a way to legally eliminate
federal income taxes - but was actually an illegal pyramid scheme.

His skepticism wavered when he was given evidence that other people had done the
same thing. He was also shown false claims that the 16th Amendment creating the
income tax was never properly ratified or that paying taxes is purely voluntary.

"If somebody wants to steal from people, the Internet is the place to do it,"
said Bazar, who quit the scheme months later after making no money. "The chances
of getting caught, in my opinion, are virtually nil."

Official estimates are difficult to find, but IRS Commissioner Charles Rossotti
said there could be as much as $ 3 trillion in assets hidden in offshore bank
accounts, one popular way of avoiding taxes. Senators cited an independent
estimate that $ 300 billion a year in taxes are avoided through phony trusts,
fake charity or religious setups and offshore accounts.

"We've got a problem," said Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont.

While these tax scams have been around for years, they are being marketed
globally via the Internet. The IRS points to its 117 criminal convictions and a
raid Feb. 28 by agents on dozens of promoters as evidence that it is making
inroads. There is also information warning taxpayers about trusts and other
scams on its own Internet site.

"We are definitely focused on this in both public education and enforcement,"
Rossotti said.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, chairman of the Finance Committee, said taxpayers
should take care themselves when tempted to sign up for anything that appears to
give a free tax ride. Taxpayers can be liable for penalties of 75 percent of the
underpaid taxes in addition to the taxes owed.

Grassley suggested these tips:

* Check with an accountant or attorney before signing over any money. Be
particularly wary if the promoter says the scheme is one your accountant or
attorney won't understand. Or you can check with the IRS and report suspected
fraud at 800-829-0433.

* While trusts can be a valid form of estate planning, some are thinly veiled
tax avoidance scams marketed under these names: pure trust, common law trust,
constitutional trust, complex trust, sovereign trust, unincorporated business
organization and pure equity trust.

* Watch for warning signs, such as a promise to reduce income or self-employment
tax, deductions for personal expenses paid by a trust, use of back-dated
documents, high fees to be offset by tax benefits and use of post office boxes
as trust addresses.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             January 3, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Beanie Baby billionaire seeks probation for tax evasion

BYLINE: David Voreacos, Bloomberg

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, N.J.


H. Ty Warner, the billionaire creator of Beanie Baby plush toys, asked a U.S.
judge to give him probation, not prison, for evading taxes on secret Swiss
accounts that held as much as $107 million US.

Warner, 69, faces 46 to 57 months in prison under non-binding guidelines when
he's sentenced Jan. 14 in Chicago. The maker of plush toys, who also runs
hotels, wants U.S. District Judge Charles Kocoras to impose a term of probation
with community service, according to a Dec. 31 court filing.

Warner is among more than 100 people prosecuted in the past five years during a
U.S. crackdown on offshore tax evasion. His lawyers argued that "dozens of
individuals who engaged in the exact same conduct with respect to undisclosed
overseas accounts" got probation.

"This case concerns an isolated event in Ty's otherwise law-abiding life, during
which he has paid approximately $1 billion in taxes," according to the filing.
"There is no reason to believe prison time is necessary to prevent him from
engaging in tax evasion again."

Warner owns TY Inc., which makes Beanie Babies, and Ty Warner Hotels &; Resorts,
the operator of the Four Seasons Hotel in New York and other facilities. He
pleaded guilty Oct. 2 to evading $5.5 million US in taxes on assets in Swiss
accounts he hid from the Internal Revenue Service.

Under the federal guidelines, Kocoras can consider such factors as other
sentences around the U.S., Warner's charitable gifts, and his pledge to pay
penalties, back taxes and interest of more than $69 million. Warner also asked
the judge to weigh that he was denied entry into an IRS amnesty program that has
let more than 38,000 Americans with offshore accounts avoid prosecution.

Warner's name was on a list of account data for 285 Americans that his former
bank, UBS, gave to the Justice Department in avoiding prosecution in February
2009. Zurich-based UBS, the biggest Swiss bank, also paid $780 million US and
admitted to fostering tax evasion. UBS later turned over 4,450 more names.

After Warner applied for the voluntary disclosure program in September 2009, the
IRS rejected him because it wasn't available to those already known to the
agency, the filing said. A U.S. pre-sentence report cited by Warner's lawyers
said the IRS had learned of his Swiss accounts "a few years before UBS turned
over client account information" to the U.S.

"Ty's behaviour was no different legally or factually from that of tens of
thousands of taxpayers who were never sentenced - or even prosecuted - because
they were admitted into IRS voluntary disclosure programs," according to the
filing, known as a sentencing memorandum.

Warner's lawyers proposed that the judge impose "substantial community service."

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chandler West, Sun-Times Media, The Associated Press, File; H. Ty
Warner pleaded guilty Oct. 2 to evading $5.5 million US in taxes on assets in
Swiss accounts he hid from the IRS.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Albuquerque-Area Construction Contractor Pleads Guilty to Federal
Tax Evasion and Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  Joseph Dubois, 37, of Albuquerque, N.M., pled guilty last week in federal
court to evading federal taxes evasion and fraudulently presenting a fictitious
surety bond. The guilty plea was announced by U.S. Attorney Damon P. Martinez,
Special Agent in Charge Ismael Nevarez Jr. of the Phoenix Field Office of IRS
Criminal Investigation, and Special Agent in Charge David A. House of the
Department of the Interior, Office of Inspector General.





 Dubois, the owner and operator of Regency Development Group (RDG), a
construction contractor located in Albuquerque, was charged by felony
information with tax evasion and presenting a fictitious surety bond. According
to the information, Dubois evaded his federal corporate tax obligations from
Nov. 2011 to Oct. 2013, by opening and concealing a new bank account to
circumvent tax liens, removing and dissipating assets to avoid their seizure,
and by underreporting income and gross receipts. The information also alleged
that Dubois created a materially false document, a surety bond, and fraudulently
presented it as an actual security and financial instrument under the authority
of a surety company.



 On Feb. 8, 2017, Dubois pled guilty to the two charges in the information. In
entering the guilty plea, Dubois admitted that as owner and operator of RDG, he
evaded payment of $237,251 in federal employment taxes for tax years 2010
through 2012. Specifically, Dubois admitted that from Nov. 2011 through Oct.
2013, he opened a bank account which he used to divert funds in an attempt to
circumvent liens and levies, and to evade payment of his tax liabilities. Dubois
also acknowledged underreporting income and gross receipts to the IRS.



 According to Dubois's plea agreement, in Dec. 2011, RDG entered into contracts
with the Ramah Navajo School Board to renovate a building at the Pine Hill
School. The contracts required RDG to obtain and provide a surety bond. On Feb.
10, 2012, Dubois produced a materially false and fictitious surety bond which
appeared to be an actual security under the authority of the Western Surety
Company.



 At sentencing, Dubois faces a statutory maximum penalty of 25 years in federal
prison. A sentencing hearing has yet to be scheduled.



 This case was investigated by the Albuquerque office of IRS Criminal
Investigation and Department of the Interior, Office of Inspector General, and
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeremy Pena.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Former Sonoma County developer Jay Soderling sentenced to three years for tax
evasion

BYLINE: Mary Callahan, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


July 06--Former Sonoma County developer and savings and loan officer Jay Scott
Soderling, whose history of financial fraud dates back to the mid-1980s, was
sentenced Tuesday to three years in federal prison for tax evasion and
conspiracy to defraud the United States government by hiding assets, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said.

The Santa Rosa man and his wife, Jessica Lynn Soderling, were convicted after a
five-day trial in December of shifting money into different accounts to avoid
detection, thus allowing him to claim he could not pay $90,000 in back taxes
even as he purchased a luxury sports car and a boat, authorities said.

Soderling's trail of deceit dates back at least to the 1980s when he and his
brother were convicted of looting $16.5 million from investors in their company,
Golden Pacific Savings and Loan. He has served at least two stints in federal
prison already. Soderling will serve three years of supervised probation and has
been ordered to pay restitution of $345,697, federal authorities said.

Jessica Soderling, convicted of a single count of conspiracy, was sentenced in
April to three months of probation and ordered to pay restitution of $153,242,
the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

You can reach Staff Writer Mary Callahan at 521-5249 or
mary.callahan@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @MaryCallahanB.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160706-UR-Former-Sonoma-County-developer-Jay-Soderling-sentenced-to-three-year
s-for-tax-evasion-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Former Sonoma County S&L officer gets 3 years for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mary Callahan, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 247 words


July 06--Former Sonoma County developer and savings and loan officer Scott
Soderling, whose history of financial fraud dates back to the mid-1980s, was
sentenced Tuesday to three years in federal prison for tax evasion and
conspiracy to defraud the United States government by hiding assets, the U.S.
Attorney's Office said.

The Santa Rosa man and his wife, Jessica Lynn Soderling, were convicted after a
five-day trial in December of shifting money into different accounts to avoid
detection, thus allowing him to claim he could not pay $90,000 in back taxes
even as he purchased a luxury sports car and a boat, authorities said.

Soderling's trail of deceit dates back at least to the 1980s when he and his
brother were convicted of looting $16.5 million from investors in their company,
Golden Pacific Savings and Loan. He has served at least two stints in federal
prison already. Soderling will serve three years of supervised probation and has
been ordered to pay restitution of $345,697, federal authorities said.

Jessica Soderling, convicted of a single count of conspiracy, was sentenced in
April to three months of probation and ordered to pay restitution of $153,242,
the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

You can reach Staff Writer Mary Callahan at 521-5249 or
mary.callahan@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @MaryCallahanB.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160706-UR-Former-Sonoma-County-S-L-officer-gets-3-years-for-
tax-evasion-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Sandy resident faces tax evasion charges in Nevada

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 184 words


A Utah resident and former attorney for the IRS has pleaded not guilty to a
federal court indictment in Nevada charging him with tax evasion.

A grand jury in Las Vegas indicted Craig P. Orrock, 68, Sandy, on two tax
evasion counts and one of attempting to interfere with the IRS' administration
of tax laws.

The April 28 indictment alleges that from 2001 to 2010, Orrock attempted to
evade paying taxes owed for the years 2000 through 2006 by filing false
bankruptcy petitions and fraudulent tax returns and offers to settle with the
IRS. He also allegedly tried to evade taxes due for the year 2007 by concealing
his ownership of property held in the name of a straw owner.

Asked to comment on the allegations, Orrock said in a text message, "In my
opinion this investigation started after I and several seniors that were the
victims of a Las Vegas Ponzi scheme requested a congressional investigation of
Las Vegas IRS for arbitrarily denying them tax refunds they were lawfully due."

If convicted, he faces up to five years in prison on the tax evasion charges and
up to three years on the interference count.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Stillwater couple pleads guilty to mortgage fraud, tax evasion

BYLINE: By John Welbes jwelbes@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Business

LENGTH: 449 words


After initially facing federal charges on numerous fraudulent mortgage deals
dating to 2001, James and Teresa Hoffman cut a deal and pleaded guilty Friday to
lesser crimes.

Appearing in federal court in Minneapolis, the Stillwater couple admitted to
their respective roles in a scheme to sell their Hastings home to straw buyers
for more than it was worth, reap a cash windfall and then not pay taxes on the
gain.

The Hastings home sold in one instance for $1.2 million, and $219,429 in excess
cash was pocketed by the Hoffmans.

James Hoffman, 51, pleaded guilty to an illegal monetary transaction and tax
evasion, which could put him behind bars for 5 to 6-1/2 years. Teresa Hoffman,
52, could spend 18 months to two years in prison for her guilty plea to one
count of tax evasion.

Both are expected to seek shorter prison terms at their sentencing hearings in
coming weeks.

The Hoffmans initially were indicted in October on multiple charges of
defrauding mortgage lenders out of more than $5 million over several years - a
list of crimes that could have put them in prison for more than 20 years.

In late January, though, federal prosecutors filed new charging papers that
trimmed the number of charges and apparently paved the way for a plea deal.

At Friday's hearings, prosecutors said that with the guilty pleas, they would
agree not to pursue charges against a relative of the Hoffmans.

James Hoffman's plea to an illegal transaction is tied to a $20,125 check he
wrote so that his college-age child could attend a "Semester at Sea" program.
The money came from the proceeds of an alleged mortgage fraud.

The Hastings home was sold several times to straw buyers, each time generating
excess cash from the unsuspecting lender. James Hoffman also pleaded guilty to
evading $249,000 in taxes between 1997 and 2012, tied to a company he controlled
at the time.

Teresa Hoffman's guilty plea resulted from a failure to pay $258,561 in federal
taxes - cash generated fraudulently.

Their case has a court-appointed receiver who controls the Hoffman's assets
derived from their criminal activity. On Friday, James Hoffman's attorney, Peter
Wold, asked that the conditions of his release, prior to sentencing, allow
Hoffman to travel to Wisconsin. That was opposed by David MacLaughlin, the
prosecutor on the case, because all the fraudulent assets had been kept at
Wisconsin banks.

U.S. District Court Judge David Doty agreed to restrict James Hoffman to travel
in Minnesota.

Teresa Hoffman avoided any limits on her travel while on release, though
MacLaughlin said she can't take trips at "someone's bidding to squirrel money
around."

John Welbes can be reached at 651-228-2175. Follow him at Twitter.com/jwelbes .

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

Man to repay more than $178G in fraud of Salem, N.H. firm

BYLINE: By Lisa Redmond, lredmond@lowellsun.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 331 words


BOSTON -- A 65-year-old Windham, N.H., man will spend a year in federal prison
and have to repay the IRS more than $178,000 after pleading guilty to tax
evasion and conspiracy charges.

In U.S. District Court recently, Christopher McGadden, of 3 Granite Hill Road,
was sentenced to a year in federal prison followed by two years of supervised
release, a $7,500 fine, and restitution to the IRS in the amount of $178,735.
McGadden is scheduled to begin his sentence on Nov. 8.

Last March, McGadden, the general manager of Xcel Fire Protection Inc., pleaded
guilty to charges of conspiracy to defraud the U.S. government and tax evasion.

According to the U.S. Attorney's Office, McGadden allegedly participated in a
conspiracy with real-estate broker Raymond Stebbins, 69, of Quincy, to divert
funds from Xcel, a fire-protection sprinkler business based in Salem, N.H. and
Weymouth, to various corporate bank accounts, which the two men then used to pay
themselves. But in doing so they failed to report that income to the IRS.

Prosecutors allege the conspiracy began in 2001 and continued until May 2009.

Stebbins is charged with conspiracy, tax evasion, false statements and theft of
public money. He has pleaded innocent to the charges. Stebbins' case is pending.
His next court date is Dec. 12 for status.

According to prosecutors, Stebbins allegedly submitted fictitious invoices to
Xcel billing for goods provided and/or services rendered by one of several
companies operated by Stebbins. McGadden made sure the fake invoices were paid
to Stebbins.

Stebbins allegedly opened several business bank accounts which were used to
deposit checks from Xcel. Stebbins would allegedly cash the checks, keeping a 10
percent fee for himself and giving McGadden the remaining 90 percent. Stebbins
allegedly also diverted checks from Xcel custmers to his business accounts,
sharing that money in a 90/10 spit with McGadden.

Neither Stebbins or McGadden allegedly reported the funds on their IRS tax
returns.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   August 15, 2002 Thursday National Edition

Tyco wants tax case dropped: Former CEO first in state to be charged on sales
tax evasion

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

BYLINE: David Voreacos and David Glovin

SECTION: Financial Post: U.S. Business; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK - Dennis Kozlowski, the former head of Tyco International Ltd. who's
accused of evading sales tax on US$13.2-million of art purchases and tampering
with evidence, will ask a judge to dismiss the tax charge, his lawyer said
yesterday.

Mr. Kozlowski, who made more than US$300-million in his last three years as
Tyco's chief executive officer, was indicted June 4 for conspiring with dealers
to avoid paying more than US$1-million in New York state sales tax on art he
bought for his Manhattan apartment. He was later accused of removing a phony
shipping document from company files in Boca Raton, Fla.

After a court hearing yesterday, Mr. Kozlowski's lawyer, Stephen Kaufman, said
he will ask State Supreme Court Justice Michael Obus to dismiss the tax case,
focusing in part on the argument that Mr. Kozlowski is the first buyer to face
sales tax evasion charges in New York.

"Frankly, I think it's silly," said Manhattan defence lawyer Stanley Arkin, who
briefly defended former Tyco general counsel Mark Belnick in a civil suit by the
company claiming he got millions in unapproved payments. "It's the buyer who's
getting the tax benefit, not the seller."

Mr. Arkin said the law doesn't distinguish between the buyer and the seller in a
sales tax evasion case. "They both work together to screw the state," he said.

In the mid-1980s, Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau prosecuted the
most elite jewelers in New York, including Cartier Inc., Tiffany & Co., and Van
Cleef & Arpels. They were accused of shipping empty boxes to out-of-state
addresses to help their clients avoid sales taxes. The three stores paid
millions in fines.

Mr. Kaufman claims Mr. Kozlowski is the first purchaser in New York indicted for
failure to pay sales taxes.

"It's unusual," he told reporters. "It's unique."

"That argument is somewhat disingenuous," said Tom Curran, a Manhattan criminal
defence attorney who worked under Mr. Morgenthau as a securities fraud
prosecutor for three years. "They're basically saying, 'It's unfair that you
targeted me as opposed to the other wrongdoer.' The prosecutors would say,
'We'll get to them whenever we get to them."'

Mr. Curran theorized that perhaps Manhattan prosecutors were able to charge Mr.
Kozlowski because of information furnished by art dealers. "You don't look the
other way on a buyer when we talk about a tax evasion of the size we're talking
about," he said.

Mr. Morgenthau's office will respond to Mr. Kozlowski's claim after receiving
papers from his lawyers, spokeswoman Barbara Thompson said.

Bermuda-based Tyco, a conglomerate created through hundreds of acquisitions, is
under investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for alleged
accounting irregularities. Manhattan prosecutors are also investigating the
company, the Wall Street Journal has reported.

Mr. Kozlowski, who remains free on US$3-million bail, is accused in a 14-count
indictment of conspiring with art dealers to dodge New York's sales tax. He's
also charged with removing a document that falsely indicated five paintings had
been shipped from New York to Tyco's U.S. headquarters in Exeter, N.H.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Gino Domenico, Bloomberg News; The lawyer for Dennis
Kozlowski, above, will ask a judge to dismiss the charge, calling it "unusual."

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                   August 15, 2002 Thursday National Edition

Tyco wants tax case dropped: Former CEO first in state to be charged on sales
tax evasion

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

BYLINE: David Voreacos and David Glovin

SECTION: Financial Post: U.S. Business; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK - Dennis Kozlowski, the former head of Tyco International Ltd. who's
accused of evading sales tax on US$13.2-million of art purchases and tampering
with evidence, will ask a judge to dismiss the tax charge, his lawyer said
yesterday.

Mr. Kozlowski, who made more than US$300-million in his last three years as
Tyco's chief executive officer, was indicted June 4 for conspiring with dealers
to avoid paying more than US$1-million in New York state sales tax on art he
bought for his Manhattan apartment. He was later accused of removing a phony
shipping document from company files in Boca Raton, Fla.

After a court hearing yesterday, Mr. Kozlowski's lawyer, Stephen Kaufman, said
he will ask State Supreme Court Justice Michael Obus to dismiss the tax case,
focusing in part on the argument that Mr. Kozlowski is the first buyer to face
sales tax evasion charges in New York.

"Frankly, I think it's silly," said Manhattan defence lawyer Stanley Arkin, who
briefly defended former Tyco general counsel Mark Belnick in a civil suit by the
company claiming he got millions in unapproved payments. "It's the buyer who's
getting the tax benefit, not the seller."

Mr. Arkin said the law doesn't distinguish between the buyer and the seller in a
sales tax evasion case. "They both work together to screw the state," he said.

In the mid-1980s, Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau prosecuted the
most elite jewelers in New York, including Cartier Inc., Tiffany & Co., and Van
Cleef & Arpels. They were accused of shipping empty boxes to out-of-state
addresses to help their clients avoid sales taxes. The three stores paid
millions in fines.

Mr. Kaufman claims Mr. Kozlowski is the first purchaser in New York indicted for
failure to pay sales taxes.

"It's unusual," he told reporters. "It's unique."

"That argument is somewhat disingenuous," said Tom Curran, a Manhattan criminal
defence attorney who worked under Mr. Morgenthau as a securities fraud
prosecutor for three years. "They're basically saying, 'It's unfair that you
targeted me as opposed to the other wrongdoer.' The prosecutors would say,
'We'll get to them whenever we get to them."'

Mr. Curran theorized that perhaps Manhattan prosecutors were able to charge Mr.
Kozlowski because of information furnished by art dealers. "You don't look the
other way on a buyer when we talk about a tax evasion of the size we're talking
about," he said.

Mr. Morgenthau's office will respond to Mr. Kozlowski's claim after receiving
papers from his lawyers, spokeswoman Barbara Thompson said.

Bermuda-based Tyco, a conglomerate created through hundreds of acquisitions, is
under investigation by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for alleged
accounting irregularities. Manhattan prosecutors are also investigating the
company, the Wall Street Journal has reported.

Mr. Kozlowski, who remains free on US$3-million bail, is accused in a 14-count
indictment of conspiring with art dealers to dodge New York's sales tax. He's
also charged with removing a document that falsely indicated five paintings had
been shipped from New York to Tyco's U.S. headquarters in Exeter, N.H.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Gino Domenico, Bloomberg News; The lawyer for Dennis
Kozlowski, above, will ask a judge to dismiss the charge, calling it "unusual."

TYPE: Business; Crime

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 13, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Financier Avoids Jail in Deal to Aid Homeless

BYLINE: By JON NORDHEIMER, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Feb. 12


The financier Victor Posner avoided a jail sentence today on Federal tax evasion
charges when he agreed to spend $3 million to help homeless men, women and
children in south Florida and to devote 20 hours a week for five years to
working with them.

Federal District Judge Eugene Spellman set those terms in sentencing Mr. Posner
to five years' probation. He also ordered him to pay fines, penalties and
interest, expected to total $3.8 million. Mr. Posner pleaded no contest on Sept.
29 to 10 counts of tax evasion.

Federal prosecutors had asked for a prison sentence for Mr. Posner, 69 years
old. The Miami Beach industrialist was accused of evading more than $1.2 million
in Federal income taxes by inflating the value of land donated to Miami
Christian College.

Faced 40 Years in Prison

Assistant United States Attorney Neil Cartusciello told the court: ''Mr. Posner
lied to the Internal Revenue Service and he corrupted others. In his statement
to the probation officers he makes the same claims and tells the same lies. He
doesn't show he's remorseful, that he's sorry.''

With a no-contest plea, a defendant does not admit guilt but indicates he will
offer no defense. For sentencing purposes it is the same as a guilty plea or
conviction.

Mr. Posner (pronounced PAHZ-ner) faced a maximum sentence of 40 years in prison,
the prosecutors said.

Judge Spellman said that if he had decided on a prison sentence, Mr. Posner
would have served no more than six to nine months because of his age.

Instead, Mr. Posner was given 60 days to develop a plan to help the homeless.
The $3 million he will spend carrying out that plan will not be tax deductible,
the judge said. In addition, he must provide a total of 5,000 hours of community
service.

''It was a unique settlement to a unique case,'' said Edward Bennett Williams of
Washington, Mr. Posner's chief defense counsel. Judge Spellman indicated during
today's hearing that Mr. Williams had proposed the unusual alternative sentence
privately last month.

Judge Spellman sternly warned Mr. Posner not to challenge the terms of his
probation and asked him if he understood that once he agreed to it terms the
sentence was ''non-negotiable and unappealable.''

Mr. Posner responded, ''Yes, Your Honor.''

If Mr. Posner attempts to challenge the terms - for instance, by filing for
bankruptcy protection - he will go to prison, the judge said.

Mr. Posner will have to repay the $1.2 million in taxes, as well as a $600,000
penalty and interest that is expected to be about $2 million. In addition he was
fined $75,000. He must also pay the costs of his prosecution, which may reach $1
million, Federal officials said.

The defendant, a short man with wavy silver hair and a ruddy complexion,
responded softly and affirmatively when Judge Spellman asked him if, as an
alternative to going to prison, he would allow the court to order that he pay a
sum of money far beyond the limits set by law to finance the project for the
homeless.

Mr. Posner, one of the highest-paid American executives, with a salary estimated
at $8.5 million in 1986, controls 40 public companies. His personal fortune has
been estimated at $180 million.

Some Posner Holdings

Among his diverse holdings are the Chesapeake Financial Corporation, which owns
the Royal Crown Companies and Arby's Inc.; the DWG Corporation; the NVF
Corporation and the Pennsylvania Engineering Corporation. He also holds
controlling interests in Sharon Steel, an NVF unit, and the Graniteville
Company, a DWG textile unit.

Sharon has filed for Federal bankruptcy protection, as has Mr. Posner's Evans
Products Company.

Mr. Posner's 1985 takeover of the Fischbach Corporation is being studied by
Federal investigators to determine whether improper insider trading took place.

The son of a Russian immigrant, Mr. Posner dropped out of high school and
started his business career selling real estate in Baltimore. He was a
millionaire by the age of 25.

A Nine-Year Legal Battle

The sentencing ended a nine-year legal battle. Mr. Williams contended today that
Mr. Posner's case was the only instance in the 75-year history of the graduated
Federal income tax in which a taxpayer had been prosecuted for overstating the
value of a charitable gift.

Mr. Posner and William Scharrer, a Miami real estate broker, were charged with
conspiring to set a false appraisal of $125,000 an acre on a 16-acre tract of
land Mr. Posner donated to Miami Christian College in 1975. Records showed that
he had purchased the tract for $2,500 an acre in 1967.

Mr. Scharrer was convicted of aiding and abetting in tax violations in 1984 and
was sentenced to 18 months in prison, an outcome he is appealing. Mr. Posner was
tried separately and convicted in 1986, but Judge Spellman set aside the verdict
and declared a mistrial when it was learned that jurors were exposed to
prejudicial information during the trial, including newspaper accounts of the
proceedings.

Problems of Homeless Cited

During today's hearing, Judge Spellman said that the problems of the homeless
were worsening daily and that thousands of children were without shelter or day
care. He then outlined his plan.

He ordered Mr. Posner to develop a proposal within 60 days on ways to address
the problems of the homeless, submit it to an advisory committee of community
leaders for approval and then be prepared to spend ''at least $3 million'' to
implement it.

''It is contemplated,'' the judge said, ''that your personal participation over
the five-year period will be 5,000 community hours - about 20 hours a week.''

Employee Assistance Ruled Out

Mr. Posner was cautioned not to use current or former employees to assist him in
the project, which the judge described as ''one you personally and financially
take part in.''

The judge directed that Mr. Posner spend five hours a day for one day in each of
the next eight weeks at Camillus House, a downtown Miami mission for the
homeless.

He said Mr. Posner could put in his community service in Dade County, where
Miami is situated; Broward County, which contains Fort Lauderdale, or Palm Beach
County.

Outside the courtroom Mr. Posner would not comment on the sentence other than to
say he had a long history of contributing to charities.

''He is very enthusiastic about this work,'' Mr. Williams said as his client
smiled.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Victor Posner (AP) (Page 39)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 23, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

IMPEACHMENT OF U.S. JUDGE PASSES HOUSE

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1281 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 22


The House of Representatives impeached a Federal official for the first time in
50 years today, charging a judge from Nevada with tax evasion and bringing
''disrepute'' on the Federal judiciary.

The 406-to-0 vote, in effect an indictment, opens the way for a Senate trial of
the 69-year-old judge, Harry E. Claiborne of Las Vegas. He is serving a two-year
Federal sentence for tax evasion but has refused to resign and continues to
collect his $78,000 salary at the Maxwell Air Force Base stockade in Montgomery,
Ala.

The Senate majority leader, Bob Dole of Kansas, said the trial would probably
not begin until the fall.

Judiciary in 'Disrepute'

In refusing to give up his post, Judge Claiborne contends that he was the victim
of a vendetta by Government prosecutors who were angered by his actions in the
courtroom. He was convicted of failing to pay taxes on more than $100,000 in
income.

The four articles of impeachment, which repeat the tax charges and also accuse
Judge Claiborne of bringing ''disrepute'' on the Federal court system, are the
equivalent to the counts of a grand jury's indictment.

Acting as a trial jury, the Senate must now decide if the charges warrant
removal of Judge Claiborne from a job he could otherwise return to after leaving
prison. Federal judges are granted lifetime tenure.

No one defended Judge Claiborne in the debate this evening. Instead, House
members rose somberly to agree that Judge Claiborne had disgraced the judiciary
and should have resigned long ago.

''Judge Claiborne is more than an embarrassment,'' said Representative Hamilton
Fish, a Republican from upstate New York. ''He is a disgrace - an affront to the
judicial office he was appointed to serve.''

Representative F. James Sensenbrenner Jr., Republican of Wisconsin, said there
was ''a sense of urgency to impeach Claiborne.''

''Every day that passes,'' he said, ''law-abiding and hard-working taxpayers pay
nearly $217 to Claiborne in salary.''

Robert W. Kastenmeier, a Wisconsin Democrat who will act as one of the
prosecutors against the judge, said: ''Let a trial commence in the United States
Senate. Judge Claiborne should be impeached and removed from office.''

Appointed in 1978

Judge Claiborne, who had been a well-known and respected criminal defense lawyer
in Nevada, was appointed to the bench in 1978 by President Carter, and he was
named chief judge in 1980.

In 1984, Judge Claiborne became the first sitting Federal judge in the nation's
history to be found guilty of a felony, convicted of filing false income tax
returns.

Prosecutors charged that he failed to pay taxes on $106,000 in income he
received in 1979 and 1980 for legal work performed before he became a judge.

He is the 11th Federal judge impeached by the House and the first since Judge
Halsted L. Ritter of Florida was convicted of tax evasion at a Senate trial in
1936. Judge Ritter and three other Federal officials, all of them judges, have
been removed from office by the Senate.

The cumbersome machinery of impeachment was last set in motion in 1974 for
President Nixon, but his resignation ended Congressional efforts to try Mr.
Nixon for his part in the Watergate scandal.

High Crimes and Misdeameanors

The first three articles of impeachment against Judge Claiborne are based on the
judge's criminal conduct and conviction. They charge that he is ''guilty of
misbehavior and was and is guilty of a high crime and misdemeanor, and by such
conduct, warrants impeachment and trial and removal from office.''

The final article says Judge Claiborne's actions have ''brought disrepute on the
Federal courts and the administration of justice.''

Under the Constitution, impeachable crimes are defined as ''treason, bribery, or
other high crimes and misdemeanors.''

Congressional aides said the articles of impeachment would be formally presented
to the full Senate within a week. At a meeting Thursday, the Senate Rules
Committee is scheduled to discuss trial procedures.

Dale Tate, a spokesman for Senator Dole, said the Senate leadership would
probably appoint a 12-member committee to hear the evidence against Judge
Claiborne. ''The committee would actually do the gumshoe work,'' she said.

Once the panel completes its work, the full Senate will convene to hear final
arguments and vote, she said.

Work Could Go On

Lawmakers have said the case would not necessarily hold up legislation, since
other business could be handled during recesses in the trial. ''The hope is this
won't take terribly long,'' Ms. Tate said.

Under the Constitution, conviction would require concurrence of two-thirds of
the senators present for the vote.

In many ways, the trial would be like any other: witnesses would testify and be
cross-examined. The Senate is expected to appoint a presiding officer, possibly
Vice President Bush, to serve as a judge and rule on motions of evidence.

House members serve as prosecutors, or managers, and Representative William J.
Hughes, the New Jersey Democrat who is chairman of the House Judiciary
subcommittee on crime and a former prosecutor, has been selected to lead a
nine-man prosecution team.

The other Democratic members are Peter W. Rodino Jr. of New Jersey, the chairman
of the Judiciary Committzee; Mr. Kastenmeier; Romano L. Mazzoli of Kentucky, and
Dan Glickman of Kansas.

The Republicans are Mr. Fish, the ranking minority member of the Judiciary
Committee; Michael DeWine of Ohio, Henry J. Hyde of Illinois, and Thomas N.
Kindness of Ohio.

The trial is expected to offer Judge Claiborne a forum for his charges that
Federal agents and prosecutors broke the law in the investigation that led to
his conviction.

Judge Claiborne was tried twice. The first ended with jurors unable to agree on
the charges, which ranged from tax evasion to the taking of bribes from Joseph
Conforte, the owner of a brothel near Reno. At the second trial, the Government
abandoned counts involving Mr. Conforte's testimony and confined its evidence to
the tax charges.

IMPEACHMENT: 13 PREVIOUS CASES

The House of Representatives voted yesterday to impeach Federal District Judge
Harry E. Claiborne of Nevada, who has refused to resign despite a conviction and
prison term for tax evasion. Below is a list of all previous cases sent to the
Senate for trial after impeachment by the House.

William Blount: Senator from Tennessee, charges dismissed in 1799.

John Pickering: Federal judge in New Hampshire, removed from office in 1804
after charges of irregular judicial procedures, loose morals and drunkenness.

Samuel Chase: Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, acquitted in 1805.

James Peck: Federal judge in Missouri, acquitted in 1831.

West Humphreys: Federal judge in Tennessee, removed from office in 1862 for
advocating secession and accepting office as a Confederate judge.

Andrew Johnson: President of the United States, acquitted in 1868.

Mark H. Delahay: Federal judge in Kansas, resigned in 1873 before Senate trial,
charged with misconduct in office and intoxication.

William Belknap: Secretary of War, acquitted in 1876.

Charles Swayne: Federal judge in Florida, acquitted in 1905.

Robert Archbald: Associate judge of the United States Commerce Court, removed
from office 1913, charged with using improper influence and accepting favors
from litigants.

George English: Federal judge in Illinois, resigned in 1926 before Senate trial
began, charged with partiality, tyranny and oppression.

Harold Louderback: Federal judge in California, acquitted in 1933.

Halsted Ritter: Federal judge in Florida, removed from office in 1936, charged
with filing false tax returns. (Source: United Press International)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 11, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
A listing by United Press International on July 23, of Federal impeachments that
preceded Judge Harry E. Claiborne's, incompletely described the outcome of the
1876 move to impeach Secretary of War William W. Belknap. The House voted
unanimously for impeachment, and Mr. Belknap resigned the same day. The Senate
failed to muster the two-thirds needed to convict him; most of those voting for
acquittal said they did so because the Senate had no jurisdiction over an
official who had resigned.

GRAPHIC: Photo of Harry E. Claiborne (UPI); Photo of Representative Peter W.
Rodino Jr. (NYT/Paul Hosefros) (page B8)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Albuquerque-Area Construction Contractor Pleads Guilty to Federal Tax Evasion
and Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Mexico has
issued the following news release:



  Joseph Dubois, 37, of Albuquerque, N.M., pled guilty last week in federal
court to evading federal taxes evasion and fraudulently presenting a fictitious
surety bond. The guilty plea was announced by U.S. Attorney Damon P. Martinez,
Special Agent in Charge Ismael Nevarez Jr. of the Phoenix Field Office of IRS
Criminal Investigation, and Special Agent in Charge David A. House of the
Department of the Interior, Office of Inspector General.









 Dubois, the owner and operator of Regency Development Group (RDG), a
construction contractor located in Albuquerque, was charged by felony
information with tax evasion and presenting a fictitious surety bond. According
to the information, Dubois evaded his federal corporate tax obligations from
Nov. 2011 to Oct. 2013, by opening and concealing a new bank account to
circumvent tax liens, removing and dissipating assets to avoid their seizure,
and by underreporting income and gross receipts. The information also alleged
that Dubois created a materially false document, a surety bond, and fraudulently
presented it as an actual security and financial instrument under the authority
of a surety company.







 On Feb. 8, 2017, Dubois pled guilty to the two charges in the information. In
entering the guilty plea, Dubois admitted that as owner and operator of RDG, he
evaded payment of $237,251 in federal employment taxes for tax years 2010
through 2012. Specifically, Dubois admitted that from Nov. 2011 through Oct.
2013, he opened a bank account which he used to divert funds in an attempt to
circumvent liens and levies, and to evade payment of his tax liabilities. Dubois
also acknowledged underreporting income and gross receipts to the IRS.







 According to Dubois's plea agreement, in Dec. 2011, RDG entered into contracts
with the Ramah Navajo School Board to renovate a building at the Pine Hill
School. The contracts required RDG to obtain and provide a surety bond. On Feb.
10, 2012, Dubois produced a materially false and fictitious surety bond which
appeared to be an actual security under the authority of the Western Surety
Company.







 At sentencing, Dubois faces a statutory maximum penalty of 25 years in federal
prison. A sentencing hearing has yet to be scheduled.







 This case was investigated by the Albuquerque office of IRS Criminal
Investigation and Department of the Interior, Office of Inspector General, and
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeremy Pena.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Florida: Federal Jury Finds Tarpon Springs Woman Guilty Of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that a federal jury has
found Nova A. Montgomery guilty of five counts of tax evasion and five counts of
failure to file an income tax return. She faces a maximum penalty of five years'
imprisonment for each tax evasion count, and one year in prison for each count
of failing to file a tax return. The jury returned the verdict on October 10,
2014, and a sentencing hearing is scheduled for January 12, 2015.

According to testimony and evidence presented at trial, Montgomery was
self-employed as a distributor for a multi-level marketing company that sold
nutritional and other products. Between 2002 and 2012, she received commissions
and other income exceeding $2.7 million. Montgomery set up a complex corporate
structure that made it appear that she personally received virtually none of the
income from the commissions and sales. Further, on February 12, 2009, in the
midst of an Internal Revenue Service audit, Montgomery filed false and
fraudulent federal income tax returns claiming that she had no income for 2002
through 2006. In addition, she failed to file personal income tax returns for
2008 through 2012.

This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Mark
E. Bini.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Florida: Federal Jury Finds Tarpon Springs Woman Guilty Of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 258  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

United States Attorney A. Lee Bentley, III announces that a federal jury has
found Nova A. Montgomery guilty of five counts of tax evasion and five counts of
failure to file an income tax return. She faces a maximum penalty of five years'
imprisonment for each tax evasion count, and one year in prison for each count
of failing to file a tax return. The jury returned the verdict on October 10,
2014, and a sentencing hearing is scheduled for January 12, 2015.

According to testimony and evidence presented at trial, Montgomery was
self-employed as a distributor for a multi-level marketing company that sold
nutritional and other products. Between 2002 and 2012, she received commissions
and other income exceeding $2.7 million. Montgomery set up a complex corporate
structure that made it appear that she personally received virtually none of the
income from the commissions and sales. Further, on February 12, 2009, in the
midst of an Internal Revenue Service audit, Montgomery filed false and
fraudulent federal income tax returns claiming that she had no income for 2002
through 2006. In addition, she failed to file personal income tax returns for
2008 through 2012.

This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Mark
E. Bini.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Broken Arrow Woman Sentenced for Bank Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former manager of a credit union was sentenced on Tuesday to serve 27 months
for each count of bank fraud and tax evasion, announced U.S. Attorney Danny C.
Williams Sr. for the Northern District of Oklahoma and Special Agent in Charge
R. Damon Rowe of the Dallas field office for the Internal Revenue Service
Criminal Investigation.

Eva Barroso, 54, of Broken Arrow, was sentenced to serve 27 months in federal
prison by U.S. District Judge Chief Judge Gregory K Frizzell for one count each
of bank fraud and tax evasion. At the time of the scheme, Barroso worked as a
commercial services manager for Oklahoma Central Credit Union (OCCU) where her
duties included marketing and servicing commercial loans. The Court entered a
criminal forfeiture money judgment against the defendant in the amount of
$238,177.42 representing proceeds obtained as a result of his bank fraud scheme.
Barroso was also ordered to make restitution in the amount of $238,177.42 to
OCCU and $57,360.50 to the Internal Revenue Service.

According to court documents, from July 2, 2009 to March 19, 2012, as part of
the scheme, Barroso fabricated at least three false loans in the name of nominee
entities and individuals without the knowledge and authorization of the
purported borrower. Barroso admitted that she made various material false
representations in obtaining these loans. She used the proceeds of these loans
for her own personal benefit, including making ATM withdrawals at various
casinos. To further the scheme, Barroso used some of the money to make payments
on prior loans.

In addition, during the 2010 calendar year, Barroso willfully evaded a large
part of income tax by failing to report to the Internal Revenue Service a total
of $152,098.13 which was the money she fraudulently obtained from the scheme.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Internal
Revenue Service Criminal Investigation and was prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Jeffrey Gallant and Catherine Depew on behalf of the United
States.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CASTRONEVES TAX TRIAL STARTS IN MIAMI COURT

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 508 words


On top of the world a few months ago, Brazilian race car driver and "Dancing
with the Stars" champ Helio Castroneves faces possible prison time if convicted
at a tax evasion trial that began yesterday in Miami with selection of a jury.

An ethnically diverse panel of five men and seven women was chosen to hear the
case, with attorneys' opening statements set for today.

Castroneves, a two-time winner of the Indianapolis 500, smiled broadly as he
entered a federal courthouse. Prosecutors say Castroneves, his business-manager
sister Katiucia and Michigan attorney Alan R. Miller conspired to hide about
$5.5 million in income from the Internal Revenue Service using offshore
accounts.

Under federal sentencing guidelines, Castroneves, 33, could get more than six
years in prison if convicted of conspiracy and tax evasion from 1999-2004.

More auto racing

Organizers for the NASCAR Nationwide series race signed a three-year deal to
keep an event at Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal.

Tennis

Fourth-ranked Andy Murray will miss Britain's Davis Cup match against Ukraine
this week because of a lingering virus. No replacement has been named.

* Serena Williams wore down sister Venus to win the one-night exhibition Billie
Jean King Cup, finishing off the return of women's tennis to Madison Square
Garden in New York a 6-4, 6-3 victory. Serena Williams won $400,000 of the $1.2
million purse.

Venus Williams reached the final by beating Jelena Jankovic, 6-4, and Serena
advanced with a 6-3 win over Ana Ivanovic.

Horse racing

Nearly a year after the first fatal injury at America's most famous horse race,
Churchill Downs announced it is beefing up safety requirements ahead of this
year's Kentucky Derby. The company is enacting more than 20 changes, ranging
from enhanced drug testing to limits on whips and racing ages.

College football

An Alabama football booster who won $5 million in a slander lawsuit against the
NCAA has given up collecting the money and will instead push for a new trial. A
lawyer for Ray Keller, an Alabama timber dealer, is seeking a second trial. A
judge threw out the verdict and Keller appealed. But he has now dropped the
appeal, and Keller hopes for a second trial. It's possible jurors could award
Keller more money in a retrial.

Track and field

British sprinter Dwain Chambers says in his autobiography he was a "walking
junkie" with so many drugs in his luggage that he feared being arrested while
going through airport security. Chambers, who served a two-year ban for doping
from 2003-05, details his drug use in the book "Race Against Me: My Story,"
which goes on sale Monday.

* The IAAF is launching a "Diamond League" of at least 12 international meets in
2010 -- including two in the United States -- seeking to pit the biggest stars
against each other on a regular basis.

Luge

Robby Huerbin, a North Hills High School graduate, won the junior national (20
and under) championships gold medal over the weekend at Park City, Utah. By also
winning a seeding race a month ago, Huerbin finished first in the overall season
rankings.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Fisher will get new hearing;
Judge cancels trial in ex-insurance official's state tax-evasion case.

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: TULSA


TULSA - Former Insurance Commissioner Carroll Fisher wasn't in court to see it,
but a judge Friday called off his tax-evasion trial.

Associate District Judge Dana Kuehn ruled Fisher instead will get another
preliminary hearing in the tax case to determine if the evidence is sufficient
for trial. She refused to dismiss the felony charge altogether.

The decision had no effect on Fisher's conviction in a campaign-corruption case.
Fisher, 67, remains in prison in that case and is serving a three-year term. He
chose not to come to court Friday.

The tax-evasion trial had been set to begin Feb. 11.

Assistant Attorney General Joel-lyn McCormick said prosecutors do not view
Friday's decision as a defeat. She said they want a trial conviction to stand up
on appeal.

Fisher is charged in the tax case with filing a false state tax return that
understated his 1999 income. Fisher allegedly should have paid an additional
$4,688 in state taxes.

An Oklahoma County judge last year moved the case to Tulsa. That judge ruled
that Fisher must be prosecuted in the county where he signed the 1999 return.

Fisher had already had a preliminary hearing on the tax case in Oklahoma County.
The Tulsa judge, Kuehn, ruled Friday that Fisher is entitled to another hearing
because of the move.

She noted that a key issue at any preliminary hearing is whether the case
belongs in that county. She said a Tulsa County preliminary hearing judge needs
to decide that issue in Fisher's case.

Fisher still faces a bribery trial in May and two other trials later - all of
them set to take place in Oklahoma County.

Fisher, a Democrat, was insurance commissioner for nearly six years before
resigning in September 2004.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Carroll Fisher

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 12, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Fisher will get new hearing;
Judge cancels trial in ex-insurance official's state tax-evasion case.

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: TULSA


TULSA - Former Insurance Commissioner Carroll Fisher wasn't in court to see it,
but a judge Friday called off his tax-evasion trial.

Associate District Judge Dana Kuehn ruled Fisher instead will get another
preliminary hearing in the tax case to determine if the evidence is sufficient
for trial. She refused to dismiss the felony charge altogether.

The decision had no effect on Fisher's conviction in a campaign-corruption case.
Fisher, 67, remains in prison in that case and is serving a three-year term. He
chose not to come to court Friday.

The tax-evasion trial had been set to begin Feb. 11.

Assistant Attorney General Joel-lyn McCormick said prosecutors do not view
Friday's decision as a defeat. She said they want a trial conviction to stand up
on appeal.

Fisher is charged in the tax case with filing a false state tax return that
understated his 1999 income. Fisher allegedly should have paid an additional
$4,688 in state taxes.

An Oklahoma County judge last year moved the case to Tulsa. That judge ruled
that Fisher must be prosecuted in the county where he signed the 1999 return.

Fisher had already had a preliminary hearing on the tax case in Oklahoma County.
The Tulsa judge, Kuehn, ruled Friday that Fisher is entitled to another hearing
because of the move.

She noted that a key issue at any preliminary hearing is whether the case
belongs in that county. She said a Tulsa County preliminary hearing judge needs
to decide that issue in Fisher's case.

Fisher still faces a bribery trial in May and two other trials later - all of
them set to take place in Oklahoma County.

Fisher, a Democrat, was insurance commissioner for nearly six years before
resigning in September 2004.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Carroll Fisher

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 11, 2002 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fugitive in Tax Evasion Case Is Apprehended in Costa Rica

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 293 words


The leader of what the government says is a huge tax evasion scheme that
prospered for more than two decades has been arrested in Costa Rica on a
fugitive warrant, a federal prosecutor said last night.

Keith Anderson, 60, of Santa Ana, Costa Rica, was arrested on Saturday by agents
from Interpol and the Internal Revenue Service, said Benjamin B. Wagner, a
federal prosecutor in Sacramento. Mr.

Anderson is being held as a fugitive on a money laundering indictment by a grand
jury in California.

The I.R.S. has been seeking him for 11 months as part of what it has called the
largest enforcement action in its history.

Mr. Anderson is the founder of Anderson's Ark & Associates, an organization with
offices nationwide that helps people create offshore trusts to escape taxation.

His organization teaches members that Christians are not required to pay taxes,
that those who do sin and that the United States government is, in Mr.
Anderson's words, "a criminal organization."

The indictment of Mr. Anderson also named his brother, Wayne Anderson, 56, of
Squaw Valley, Calif., and Richard Marks, 58, of Los Osos, Calif. Both were
arrested during government raids last March and are being held in jail pending a
trial set to begin on May 7. Also indicted was Karolyn Grosnickle, 59, of
Hoodsport, Wash., who was arrested days after those raids. She is charged with
running daily operations.

In addition to the money laundering charge, the Anderson brothers, Ms.
Grosnickle and others are under investigation for tax evasion, Mr. Wagner said.
The money laundering charges grew out of a sting operation by I.R.S. criminal
investigators who said they recorded meetings at which the defendants told of
how they helped drug dealers launder money and avoid taxes.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             May 2, 1998, Saturday

Clinton friend faces tax evasion charge

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: SKOTNICKI T

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 553 words


PRESIDENT Bill Clinton's close friend Webster Hubbell was charged with tax
evasion yesterday in what is being seen as an attempt to obtain new evidence
damaging to the first couple.

A former senior Justice Department official, Hubbell has already served 21
months in jail on charges that he cheated clients at the Rose law firm in Little
Rock where he was a senior partner along with Hillary Clinton.

The former golfing buddy of the President now has been charged with tax evasion
over consulting fees and income he received before he began serving his
sentence.

Whitewater prosecutor Ken Starr brought the charge of tax evasion against the
former associate attorney-general, his wife Suzy and two of the couple's tax
advisers.

They are charged with 10 counts relating to allegedly false tax returns on more
than a million dollars of income from 1994 to 1997 _ on which it is claimed they
now owe $894,000 in tax and penalties.

Hubbell claimed yesterday that he was innocent and the charges were an attempt
to get him to lie about the President and Mrs Clinton.

"This has obviously been a very difficult day . . . especially since the office
of the independent counsel has decided to indict my wife and two of my best
friends," he said.

"Obviously, it's apparent to me that they think by indicting my wife and my
friends that I will lie about the President and the First Lady. I will not do so
and my wife would not want me to do so."

The charges come at a time when Mr Starr's investigation appears to be
intensifying, with Mrs Clinton having been required to provide several hours of
taped testimony to the Whitewater grand jury last weekend.

And on Thursday, it was reported that a federal judge has rejected former White
House intern Monica Lewinsky's bid for immunity from prosecution over claims
that she committed perjury and attempted to obstruct justice in the Paula Jones
case.

The decision paves the way for Ms Lewinsky to give evidence before a Washington
grand jury where she will be asked about her alleged affair with the President
and whether she was asked to lie about it.

A brief statement issued by the White House stated that the Clintons were
saddened by the latest development and the new charges faced by the Hubbells.

Earlier in the day, Mr Clinton _ in his first solo press conference of the year
_ directly attacked Mr Starr.

He said he felt "terrible" about legal fees his friends and associates had
incurred because of the probe.

Mr Clinton said Mr Starr, by contrast, "has an unlimited budget and can go on
forever _ 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 years, spend $40 million today, $100 million
tomorrow".

He said, however, it would not be appropriate for him to ask Attorney-General
Janet Reno to dismiss the counsel.

Mr Clinton faced a barrage of questions about Ms Lewinsky and the attacks on his
character but he refused to be drawn.

He said he had already denied the underlying charge and had received legal
advice not to discuss the matter further while there was an investigation under
way. "In the circumstances, I think it is good advice," the President said.

Mr Clinton said the barrage of criticism "used to distress me greatly", but not
anymore.

"They can affect my reputation; they can do nothing for good or ill to affect my
character," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 07, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Probation Ordered for Tax Evasion

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 99 words


A Falls Church pharmacist convicted of federal tax evasion was sentenced
yesterday to two years of supervised probation, with four months of electronic
monitoring at home.

Thanh Dinh Nguyen, 50, who owned the Eden Pharmacy in the Vietnamese shopping
strip Eden Center, also was ordered to pay $ 81,000 in back taxes and fines by
Chief Judge James C. Cacheris of the U.S. District Court in Alexandria.

Nguyen, who pleaded guilty in July to one count of tax evasion, admitted
depositing income from the pharmacy into a personal bank account and failing to
report it on his tax returns.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Herald Sun (Australia)

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

HOGAN: PAY ME COMPO AND SAY SORRY I have become Mr Tax Evasion Hoges says his
career is ruined

BYLINE: ROSIE SQUIRES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1622  words


Los Angeles

SUPERSTAR larrikin Paul Hogan is demanding an apology and multi-million dollar
compensation payout from the Government, saying his reputation has been trashed
by a failed criminal tax investigation that has left him bitter, angry and
without work.

In an exclusive interview with the Sunday Herald Sun in his Malibu home, the
Crocodile Dundee creator candidly revealed how his life had been turned upside
down by the now abandoned five-year criminal investigation.

Hogan said while he and his mate and business partner John ``Strop'' Cornell
initially celebrated when the secretive case against them was dropped last week,
he was annoyed at losing his chance to defend himself in court.

``I wanted to be exonerated because I didn't do anything wrong and that's hard
for people to believe because where there is smoke, there is fire,'' Hogan said.

``I have been publicly declared to be a criminal, a fraud, money launderer and
tax evader. I became Mr Tax Evasion.

``Every time there was a story about some poor old pensioner who gets caught for
tax evasion my name would somehow get into it too.''

He said he could never recover his battered reputation.

``If you google Hogan and tax, there are about 270,000 articles.''

As his name was dragged further into the mud over the past five years, Hogan,
whose lawyers are still to negotiate a multi-million dollar settlement with the
Australian Tax Office, said the job offers also dried up.

``I used to have a lot of calls from around the world to be a pitch man. I would
receive many invitations a month to be involved in well paying advertising
work,'' he said.

``Now that has been destroyed. No one calls me and I haven't spoken to my agent
in months.

``I'm black-marked.''

Ironically, one of the rare calls he has received was from Australia to help
with the bid to host the FIFA World Cup.

In a wide-ranging interview, Hogan opened up about the turmoil since 2005 when
armed officials raided the home of his Australian-based accountant Tony Stewart.
Hogan revealed:

THE Australian Tax Office almost shut down the filming of a movie to quiz him
over his tax affairs.

HE wants to sue the former adviser the Australian Crime Commission relied on for
information.

HE found out the ACC had dropped the case against him on the internet.

HE wants to return to live in Australia, but fears being accused of doing so to
avoid tax.

DESPITE still being in dispute with the Australian Government, he was to link up
with Julia Gillard on the FIFA World Cup bid.

The 71-year-old star said he would seek a formal apology from the ACC and
reimbursement of the near $10 million he has spent on legal fees fighting
allegations that he deliberately cheated on tax.

Hogan said that his tax affairs were always complicated because at the height of
his popularity he was earning money in so many different countries.

``It's a very confusing tax situation . . . I can't complain about the ATO
checking up on me, but it was how they did it,'' he said.

``The first time I became aware was when I was told my accountant's house was
raided -- no sit down chat.

``That's why I wasn't thrilled with (the ACC's) pathetic, insulting dropping of
charges -- I wanted my day in court.

``The most personal thing was the public slandering of my name. Suddenly people
stopped asking me to do things. My name has been demolished by the ACC inquiry.

``For five years people have been too scared to deal with me for fear of being
brought into the inquiry.

``It's bullying and thuggery. Guilty until proven innocent.''

ACC chief John Lawler told the Sunday Herald Sun the case was dropped because it
was ``not justified in the public interest having regard to a range of
factors''.

``On the material presently available to the ACC, including documents recently
obtained as a result of overseas inquiries, the ACC has concluded that there are
insufficient prospects of securing convictions to justify continuing with its
investigation at this time.''

THE high-profile, but very secretive Operation Wickenby was launched in a blaze
of publicity in 2004 as a multi-agency investigation into offshore tax fraud and
money laundering.

The investigation -- run by the ATO, the ACC and the Australian Federal Police
-- was sparked by the discovery of files naming high-profile Australians on the
laptop of Swiss-based financier Phillip Egglishaw. Among the names on the
computer were Hogan, Cornell and Stewart. Cornell is also no longer being
probed.

So they raided Stewart, ``instead of a phone call saying, `Mr Hogan, we are a
bit confused about your tax affairs because you do pay tax in two and sometimes
three countries. We would like to discuss with your financial people why your
name is on his laptop','' Hogan said.

``They have nothing on me, they never had anything on me. They aren't going to
get me because I haven't done anything wrong . . . I honestly haven't done
anything wrong.''

Asked if he paid the appropriate amount of tax, Hogan said: ``They should have a
statue of me in the Australian Tax Office.

``Tax has been such an insignificant part of my life. My job has been to
entertain people . . . not to sit around working out tax results. And they have
painted this picture like the two of us are down in the chooks yard with Vinni
my cousin working out the tax scheme.

``I haven't even tried to minimise tax -- which is perfectly legal. Jesus, I
paid bloody millions in tax.''

Continued page 7

From page 6

While the ACC has dropped off, Hogan is still battling the ATO.

``It's not over. I wouldn't say it was over unless they apologise. Until they
say . . . we are sorry. We are sorry for five years we called you a thief and
sorry we contacted the Swiss Government and told them you were a money
launderer,'' he said.

Ignoring advice from his US-based lawyer who sat in on the interview, Hogan
explained for the first time how he believed he had come to be involved in
Operation Wickenby.

`FROM what I understand my name gets dragged into this because it's found on a
laptop. Then they try every which way to get me including taking a statement
from an ex-adviser.

``They have nothing on me, they never had anything on me. They are just trying
to live up to their promise years ago of scalps,'' Hogan said.

``But they aren't going to get me because I haven't done anything wrong. Despite
the thousands of press articles that say I have, I honestly haven't done
anything wrong.''

Hogan said he plans to sue his former financial adviser, John Gibb, who
testified against him last year.

``If I had known that the ACC and ATO were relying so heavily on a ex-adviser
who I fired 20 years ago, I could have provided them with a bit of background,''
he said.

It is understood in a statement to the ACC in December last year, Mr Gibb said
from about 1986 he advised Hogan he was acting illegally.

It was that piece of evidence that allowed the ATO to demand tax bills dating
back to 1986, which would leave Hogan owing the ATO upwards of $100 million.

But in a contrary statement to an Australian Government Solicitor on July 15
last year, Mr Gibb said that a top QC, believed to be the late Graham Hill, had
given the green light to Hogan's activities.

Mr Hill was widely regarded a one of Australia's best tax lawyers. That part of
Mr Gibb's evidence was not included in the December statement.

Hogan revealed that in its pursuit of him, the ATO was prepared to disrupt the
filming of a movie.

``One of their classy moves was when I was shooting Charlie and Boots in
Australia.

``In the last couple of days they sent up a summons that said you have to appear
tomorrow, we want to talk to you. I said, `I am doing a movie, I will be
finished in a few days' and they said no.

``My lawyer had to go and fight them because they would have had to hold the
production while I was down talking to the tax people.

``But the tax office didn't care, they were punishing Instinct films for hiring
me and what's that saying to them? Don't hire Hoges, he's likely to be pulled
off the shoot. That was bullying.''

Hogan said it was convenient the ACC dropped the case just in time for him to
appear in Australia's bid for the FIFA World Cup in 2022.

``It's such a bitter irony: one side of the Government has been persecuting me
while the other has asked for help,'' he said.

Hogan said he chose to donate his time on the FIFA campaign to support his
country.

HUNTING DOWN DUNDEE

1988: Hogan moves to US, but continues to pay tax in Australia.

2002: Hogan moves back to Australia.

2004: Swiss accountant Philip Egglishaw is raided and his laptop seized during a
visit to Australia. Information on it allegedly related to Hogan, business
partner John Cornell and accountant Tony Stewart.

- Wickenby tax investigation is launched.

2005: Hogan returns to America because wife Linda's mother falls ill with
cancer.

- Hogan's accountant Tony Stewart is raided by 10 armed federal police officers.
Australian Crime Commission seizes hundreds of thousands of documents.

2006: Hogan's lawyers challenge the ACC seizure of documents.

2009: Hogan's former accountant John Gibb makes two contrary statements with
authorities in exchange for immunity from prosecution. One claims Hogan's
activities were illegal, the second concedes they had been approved by top QCs

2010: ACC launches lawsuit in the Federal Court aimed at forcing Cornell, Hogan
and Stewart to abandon any attempts to stop documents seized from Stewart's
house being used in the investigation.

- Hogan arrives in Australia for the funeral of his mother, Florence.

- Hogan served with a Departure Prohibition Order and forced to stay in
Australia. Allowed to return to LA to wife and son Chance after a two-week
prohibition.

November 2010

- ACC drops criminal investigation into Paul Hogan and John Cornell. ATO to
continue investigation.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHS


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 4, 2008 Friday

Mesa man indicted in tax evasion case: Records say Stacey failed to file returns
from '95 to '03

BYLINE: Eddi Trevizo, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


Jul. 4--A Mesa businessman was indicted on multiple charges of fraud, tax
evasion and interference with the IRS in U.S. District Court in Arizona on
Thursday.

John D. Stacey, 36, of Mesa faces 11 charges including multiple counts of
fraudulent use of Social Security, income tax evasion and corrupt interference
with the due administration of the Internal Revenue Service.

Stacey owned several paving businesses in the Valley, including A to Z Paving,
Triple A Paving, Texas Paving, Pave Your Way Construction, and A to Z Paving
Engineering LLC. According to authorities, he failed to report individual income
returns from 1995 to 2003.

The charges stem from a civil investigation that claims Stacey failed to report
or pay his 1995-97 tax liabilities, and that Stacey falsified information given
to an IRS civil auditor from 1998 through 2003, according to court documents.

Indictment records said that Stacey deposited business receipts into bank
accounts held under his mother's name, provided false Social Security numbers
and employer identification numbers when conducting financial and business
transactions, and filed bankruptcy and financial disclosure statements that
understated his assets and income.

Stacey could face a maximum potential sentence of five years in federal prison
for the tax evasion charge, three years in prison for the corrupt endeavor
charge, and five years in prison for each fraudulent use of a Social Security
number charge, court authorities said.

If convicted, Stacey also faces a fine of $250,000 for each charged count.

Stacey will receive a summons and be arraigned at a later date.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080704-MZ-Mesa-man-indicted-in-tax-evasion-case-0704

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2008 East Valley Tribune


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 29, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-Clinton Confidant Gets 21 Months

BYLINE: By JEFF GERTH

SECTION: Section B;   Page 6;   Column 1;   National Desk

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 28


Webster L. Hubbell, who once stood at the pinnacle of the legal establishment in
Arkansas and Washington, was sentenced today to 21 months in prison for mail
fraud and tax evasion after the Whitewater independent counsel declined to
recommend a lighter sentence on the basis of Mr. Hubbell's cooperation with
investigators.

Mr. Hubbell, once one of President Clinton's closest confidants, will be the
most prominent person to go to prison as a result of the inquiry into the
Whitewater real estate venture and other matters led by the independent counsel,
Kenneth W. Starr. But Mr. Hubbell was not involved in the Whitewater Development
Company, of which Mr. Clinton and his wife, Hillary, were partners, and the
charges were not directly related to Mr. Starr's investigation of whether a
failed savings and loan institution improperly funneled money into Whitewater.

At the sentencing, in Little Rock, Ark., Judge George Howard Jr. of Federal
District Court declined to impose a fine against Mr. Hubbell and ordered him to
make restitution for less than a third of the money he took. Federal guidelines
for a plea-bargained case like that of Mr. Hubbell's call for a prison sentence
of 21 to 27 months, leaving the judge with little flexibility once the
prosecution declined to recommend a reduction.

When Mr. Hubbell, a former Associate Attorney General and Chief Justice of the
Arkansas Supreme Court, pleaded guilty last December, admitting to bilking his
former law firm and clients of almost $400,000, he agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors. But lawyers familiar with the case said that Mr. Starr's decision
not to recommend a reduction in Mr. Hubbell's sentence was a sign that his
cooperation with the authorities had yielded little new substantive information.

Mr. Hubbell, in an emotional presentation to the court, said his behavior
resulted from being overwhelmed by his financial situation. "I was miserable, I
was being being torn apart," he said.

Mr. Starr told the court that the sentencing of someone who once was the Chief
Justice in Arkansas was a "sobering and humbling part of the justice process."

Mr. Hubbell had asked the court to reduce his sentence to no more than 16 months
because of his charitable activities. He and his lawyers, in papers filed with
the court last week, argued that he had "devoted such a large part of his life
doing for others -- making his community a better place to live."

The White House had no comment on the sentence, but issued a statement saying
"the President and the First Lady look forward to the day when Mr. Hubbell can
rejoin his family and his community."

Mr. Hubbell and Hillary Rodham Clinton were partners in the Rose Law Firm until
they resigned at the end of 1992. In the spring of 1993 he became the No. 3
person at the Justice Department. But he was never able to clear up his
financial dealings with his former firm.

Mr. Hubbell resigned from the department in March 1994 after the firm threatened
to file a complaint with the Arkansas bar association. He continued for some
time to tell friends that the problem was simply a billing dispute.

A close examination of his records, however, first by his former partners and
then by the independent counsel, showed a four-year pattern of
misappropriations. Lawyers for Mr. Starr and Mr. Hubbell now say the exact
amount is $482,410, just under the $500,000 level that would, under the Federal
guidelines, trigger a slightly longer sentence. Mr. Hubbell's failure to report
his misappropriations as income for the years 1989 to 1992 resulted in a tax
deficiency of $143,747, according to court papers filed by Mr. Starr.

Last year, as the independent counsel prepared to indict him, Mr. Hubbell
suddenly pleaded guilty and agreed to cooperate with the Whitewater prosecutors
in their investigation. His friends, who believed in his innocence, say they
were puzzled by his last-minute plea. And prosecutors had little insight into
what their new witness might disclose, said people familiar with the case.

Six months later, and despite numerous conversations with their new witness, the
independent counsel's office found itself unwilling to endorse Mr. Hubbell's
plea for a reduced sentence. In his court filing, Mr. Starr took note of Mr.
Hubbell's civic involvement but noted that some of Mr. Hubbell's
misappropriations had gone to charities, and cited the high standard for
granting exceptions to sentencing guidelines used by the United States Court of
Appeals for the Eighth Circuit, which has jurisdiction over Arkansas.

Judge Howard, a 71-year-old Arkansan who was named to the Federal bench by
President Jimmy Carter in 1980, said that after reviewing Mr. Hubbell's finances
he decided against a fine, although he ordered Mr. Hubbell to repay $135,000
over a period of five years.

Ronald M. Clark, managing partner of the Rose Law Firm, said Mr. Hubbell had not
had any discussions with the firm about paying back the money he took.

The Bureau of Prisons has not yet said where Mr. Hubbell will serve his
sentence.


NAME: Webster L. Hubbell

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Webster L. Hubbell, a former Associate Attorney General and
Arkansas Chief Justice who was once one of President Clinton's closest
confidants, left the Federal Courthouse in Little Rock, Ark., yesterday with his
wife, Suzy, after being sentenced to 21 months in prison for mail fraud and tax
evasion. (Reuters)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 1, 2009 Tuesday

Richmond businessman arrested in tax evasion case

BYLINE: By Roman Gokhman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 192 words


PLEASANT HILL   The chief executive officer of a Pleasant Hill design firm was
arrested this afternoon on three counts of income tax evasion, the state
Franchise Tax Board announced.

Philip Leech, of Richmond, is also the chief financial officer at In & Out
Designs Inc. and is the third high-ranking official from the firm to be arrested
over the company's failure to pay its taxes from 2001 to 2003.

Owners Rick and Kathy Powers, both 55, pleaded no contest earlier this year to
felony counts of diversion of construction funds and state income tax evasion.
Their sentencing is still pending.

The tax board said Leech, 46, is also liable because it is his responsibility to
ensure the corporation's taxes are filed.

In & Out Designs reportedly earned more than $1.3 million in taxable income
between 2001 and 2003, the FTB reported. The corporation owes the state more
than $122,000 in tax.

Leech allegedly ignored FTB's notices to file the delinquent returns. Each count
carries a maximum of three years in state prison. He was booked at the County
Jail in Martinez and his bail was set at $20,000. An arraignment was not
scheduled as of Tuesday evening.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 4, 2007 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Cash and a Cruise Traded for Contracts;
Silver Spring Man Pleads Guilty to Bribery in Record Maryland Corruption Case

BYLINE: Ruben Castaneda; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 757 words


The former owner and chief executive of a Silver Spring company admitted in
federal court yesterday that he bribed a government contracting official with
cash and paid for her passage on a Caribbean cruise in exchange for contracts to
provide security at federal buildings in Maryland and California worth more than
$130 million.

Michael B. Holiday, 50, of Silver Spring, a former Montgomery County police
officer, gave the official $35,000 stuffed in a shopping bag and another $10,000
in an envelope, according to a factual summary that Holiday acknowledged was
accurate. He pleaded guilty to bribery and tax evasion in U.S. District Court in
Greenbelt.

U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said that, as measured by the value of the
contracts secured through bribery, it is the largest public corruption case ever
prosecuted in Maryland.

"Government employees are given broad discretion about how to spend taxpayer
money," Rosenstein said in an interview. "Their decisions must be based on which
contractor provides the best service to the public at the lowest price, not on
which contractor offers the best bribe to the employee at the highest price."

Holiday's company, Holiday International Security, which changed its name to
USProtect after Holiday sold it in 2003, has provided armed and unarmed security
guards for 18 federal agencies at 120 installations in 32 states and
territories, Rosenstein's office said.

Criminal charges were also filed yesterday against Dessie Ruth Nelson, the
former General Services Administration contracting official Holiday said he
bribed. Charging documents allege that Nelson, 65, of Oakland, Calif., accepted
more than $100,000 in bribes from Holiday and evaded taxes on the bribe
payments.

Another former official with the security company, Richard S. Hudec, 44, of
Naples, Fla., was charged yesterday with tax evasion and improperly concealing
material information from federal contracting officials, including prior
convictions for felony fraud, in connection with contracts worth more than $150
million.

U.S. District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow scheduled Holiday's sentencing for Jan.
23. Holiday remains free under the supervision of federal pre-trial services
officials, said Bruce V. Marcus, Holiday's attorney.

"Other than the unfortunate circumstances surrounding his business, Mr. Holiday
is a well-respected individual," Marcus said.

According to a Montgomery County police spokeswoman, Holiday was an officer with
the department from 1980 until he resigned in 1992. Marcus said Holiday had a
"stellar" record as a police officer.

In addition to bribery and tax evasion, Holiday pleaded guilty to transporting
child pornography by computer.

In April 2004, an undercover FBI agent, as part of an investigation into child
pornography, entered an Internet chat site called "Special Interests -- daddy we
shouldnt," according to the factual summary. In the chat room, the agent sent a
message: "room topic vids to trade."

That afternoon, Holiday sent the agent a computer message offering to trade
videos. Holiday later sent the agent an e-mail with an attached video file that
showed a prepubescent girl performing oral sex on an adult man, according to the
summary, which Holiday signed.

The tax evasion charge stems from Holiday's admitted failure to file federal
income tax returns each year from 2001 to 2004. According to the summary, he
received "substantial compensation" from the security firm during that time and
failed to pay more than $400,000 in federal taxes,

The summary says that Nelson twice awarded Holiday's company contracts for work
in California in instances in which it was not the lowest bidder, once in 2000
and once the following year. In 2002, Nelson helped the company win a contract
to provide security at Social Security Administration facilities in Baltimore,
the summary said.

Efforts to reach Nelson and Hudec yesterday were not successful. Nelson's home
phone number in Oakland is not listed, and there is no listing for Hudec in
Naples. Messages left seeking comment from their attorneys were not immediately
returned.

According to the complaint against Hudec, the company changed its name after it
was purchased by Hudec's wife. Company filings to federal agencies falsely
certified that neither it nor its principals had prior criminal and civil fraud
judgments.

Rosenstein announced the plea agreement and charges at a news conference in
Greenbelt. In the interview, he said the cash-stuffed shopping bag and envelope
"really demonstrate the egregious nature of this scheme."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 22, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Ex-I.R.S. Agent Is Indicted On Affidavit

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 477 words


A dismissed Internal Revenue Service agent has been indicted on Federal charges
of obstructing justice and making false statements against a defendant who died
of AIDS after the agent helped bring charges against him of tax evasion, money
laundering and drug dealing.

The indictment of the agent, Frank T. Primerana, follows a Justice Department
investigation into charges that defendants in the case were illegally singled
out for arrest on drug charges because they were gay.

But the indictment against Mr. Primerana, announced on Oct. 14, made no mention
of those accusations, and the agent was not charged with violating the rights of
the defendant, William A. Nachman. Mr. Primerana is scheduled to be arraigned
today in Federal court in Manhattan.

Charge Caused Concern

The investigation was begun when a co-defendant in the case, Bruce Mailman,
filed an affidavit in February with a Federal judge in Manhattan asserting that
homosexuals were illegally singled out by Mr. Primerana. Mr. Mailman's charge
that their prosecution had involved an assistant United States Attorney who had
been suspended in 1991 was said to have caused concern among Federal
law-enforcement officials.

Mr. Mailman's affidavit said that the former prosecutor, James J. McGuire, who
prosecuted him and Mr. Nachman, told him he was "indicted because he was gay and
that the Government was interested in penetrating the gay community."

Mr. Mailman's lawyer, James LaRossa, said he had no explanation for why the
grand jury failed to charge Mr. Primerana with violating his client's civil
rights. "I can only assume the grand jury considered the other charges against
Mr. Primerana to be more serious," he said. He added that he was preparing a
civil suit against Mr. Primerana.

At the time Mr. Mailman filed his affidavit, Otto G. Obermaier, the United
States Attorney in Manhattan, said the Public Integrity Section of the Justice
Department was investigating the charges. About a week later, a judge dismissed
all charges against Mr. Nachman and Mr. Mailman, and two other defendants, Boris
I. Fedushin and Carlos Insignares.

Not a Target

But Mr. McGuire said yesterday that prosecutors in the Public Integrity Section
had told him he was not a subject of any investigation.

"The fact that these defendants were homosexuals had nothing to do whatsover
with their prosecution," Mr. McGuire said in an interview yesterday. "The fact
they were gay was completely irrelevant."

Mr. Primerana could not be reached yesterday.

Mr. Mailman was indicted a few months later.

Mr. Nachman, who was free on bail, died of AIDS on March 22, 1991.

Mr. Mailman's lawyer, Mr. LaRossa, said his client, who is also a homosexual,
had pleaded quilty to a tax violation charge in 1991 out of fear that he would
be railroaded into prison if tried on the drug charges.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 6, 1992, Friday

CORRECTION:

An article on Oct. 22 about the indictment of a former Internal Revenue Service
agent on charges of obstruction of justice referred incompletely to the
background of a man who has accused the agent, Frank T. Primerana, of singling
him out for prosecution because he is gay. The defendant, Bruce Mailman, was
indicted on charges of tax evasion, but the charges were later dropped.


                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 3, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Former Mayor of Waterbury Found Guilty of Corruption

BYLINE: By CONSTANCE L. HAYS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: BRIDGEPORT, Conn., April 2


The former mayor of Waterbury, Joseph J. Santopietro, was convicted today on
Federal charges of conspiracy, bribe-taking and tax evasion in a case that
rocked the city he once led.

A jury of eight women and four men took just under 11 hours to convict Mr.
Santopietro, who is 33 years old, on 15 separate charges that he used his office
to arrange favorable deals for developers, obtain fraudulent loans, accept
bribes and steal Federal money meant for job-training. He was also convicted of
three counts of tax evasion and filing false tax returns. He was cleared of
three additional counts of accepting bribes.

"He's very upset right now," said Hugh F. Keefe, Mr. Santopietro's lawyer. Mr.
Keefe produced no witnesses, and the former mayor, who showed little reaction as
the verdict was announced, did not testify at the trial. He denied the charges
and his lawyer said in closing arguments that the Government's case was
contrived.

Held Until Sentencing

Mr. Santopietro was taken from the courtroom in handcuffs and leg irons after
Judge T. F. Gilroy Daly granted a prosecution request that the former mayor be
held in custody until his sentencing. He is being held in the Bridgeport
Correctional Center and a hearing was scheduled for Friday to set a sentencing
date.

Holly Fitzsimmons, the assistant United States Attorney who led the prosecution
of Mr. Santopietro and seven co-defendants, said the verdict marked "a good day,
because the system worked."

Mr. Santopietro, hailed as a rising star in Waterbury's Republican Party after
he was elected in 1985, at the age of 26, to that city's highest office, faces
prison terms totaling a maximum of 129 years, but the sentence was expected to
be about 12 years.

He was accused of participating in a conspiracy that began barely a month after
he was sworn in as Mayor, and that involved his inner circle of political
advisers as well as a group of Republican aldermen and other officials.
Investigators said Mr. Santopietro accepted more than $170,000 in bribes from
developers over a three-year period. He was arrested in September amid his
re-election campaign, and two months later lost his bid for a fourth term.

Witnesses at the five-week trial included bank officials and developers, as well
as former associates of Mr. Santopietro who cooperated with the Government after
being charged with crimes themselves. A series of tape-recorded conversations
between Mr. Santopietro and other Waterbury officials had the former mayor
bragging that he could orchestrate a cover-up to throw investigators off the
case.

Those convicted with him today included his younger brother, Jeffrey; four other
Waterbury elected officials, Paul R. Vitarelli, Robert A. Giacomi, Fred L.
Giusti and Mr. Giacomi's brother, Jack; and former mayoral aid Perry A.
Pisciotti.

NAME: Joseph J. Santopietro

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Joseph J. Santopietro, who was convicted on corruption charges.
(Stephen Castagneto)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Capone's legacy rules tax regime; Evasion led to downfall of ultimate gangster

BYLINE: Vern Krishna, Financial Post

SECTION: LEGAL POST; Vern Krishna; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 803  words


Even in death, Alphonse "Scarface" Capone's legacy in tax law thrives in Canada.
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States recently released its papers
concerning the investigation and conviction of Capone for income tax evasion --
the only crime for which America's most notorious criminal was ever convicted.
The IRS said there were no issues of confidentiality and privacy. Since Capone
never filed a tax return, no one could claim privacy rights in respect of his
financial affairs.

Scarface Al was a legendary gangster. His brief stint in organized crime, only
about seven years, supported Hollywood, which recounted his exploits of
bootlegging, gambling and prostitution and made icons of some of Canada's most
famous families. The Untouchables, a television series and later a feature film,
and the The St. Valentine's Day Massacre, a classic movie, would not have been
possible without Capone's larger-than-life exploits in Chicago. Even the phrase
"big fellows" (or "bigfellas") to describe crime bosses, originated in an IRS
tax memo describing the principal players in Capone's exploits.

Capone did not start at the top of his profession. He worked his way up from the
bottom. He came to Chicago from New York as an apprentice hoodlum in 1920 -- one
year after the enactment of the Volstead Act enacted Prohibition -- as a protege
of John Torrio, a lieutenant in the family of organized crime. He apprenticed as
a bouncer in a notoriously tough joint, the "Four Deuces."

After Torrio's injuries in a gun battle, "Big Shot" Capone took over his
administrative duties. He was renowned for his lavish spending and bribery of
city officials. When the authorities arrested Capone on a vagrancy charge, the
state attorney had to dismiss the case because there was not a single policeman
in Chicago who could identify Capone.

The enactment of Prohibition propelled Capone's life as a vice overlord. The
Volstead Act gave the Commissioner of Internal Revenue the primary
responsibility for the law.

Despite all his notoriety and power, Capone's criminal reign was relatively
short: His reign as vice overlord began in 1924 and continued up to the time of
his conviction for income tax invasion on Oct. 17, 1931. The United States
repealed the Volstead Act in 1933, two years after Capone's conviction. He
reigned supreme for only seven of the 14 years of Prohibition.

Capone was shrewd. He did not trust banks and never had a bank account. He
endorsed only one cheque in his entire life. He conducted all of his financial
transactions in cash -- a lesson modern day criminals emulate and that led to
the money-laundering laws in Canada. The IRS could not find a single transaction
where Capone purchased securities.

Capone's propensity for secrecy and lack of documentation became an
insurmountable hurdle for federal agents investigating his crimes.

The agents analyzed bank accounts, interviewed witnesses and secured every scrap
of evidence, all with the objective of eventually prosecuting him.

The income tax prosecution of Capone was quite remarkable. Absent a paper trail,
it was difficult to secure the proper evidence to convict Capone and his
colleagues of income tax evasion. Persons who had knowledge of their financial
transactions were reluctant witnesses for fear of the potential consequences.

Philip D'Andrea -- ostensibly a personal bodyguard -- sat immediately behind
Capone in the courtroom during his trial. D'Andrea was more than just a
bodyguard. His primary function was to stare down witnesses and intimidate them
in the courtroom. He carried a .38-calibre revolver inside his belt and in a
vest pocket he carried a supply of extra cartridges. The judge eventually had
him removed from the court.

Capone was eventually sentenced for tax evasion to 10 years in a federal
penitentiary and one year in the Cook County jail upon completion of his federal
sentence. He was fined US$50,000.

After the successful conclusion of the investigations in Chicago in 1931,
federal agents instituted an intensive drive against racketeers, who were also
evading income taxes on illegal gains in New York City. There were approximately
250 individuals convicted in New York. The attorney-general convicted not only
the racketeers, but also various New York City officials.

The conviction of Al Capone on tax evasion had important consequences for the
income tax system. His conviction inspired colleagues to engage in "voluntary
disclosure" of undeclared income to avoid similar prosecutions.

Capone's colleagues paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to avoid similar
prosecution. We see Capone's legacy in Canada's current voluntary-disclosure
program.

--- - Prof. Vern Krishna, CM, QC, FCGA, is counsel at Borden Ladner Gervais LLP
and executive director of the CGA Tax Research Centre at the University of
Ottawa.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Canwest News Service File Photo; Al Capone avoided leaving a financial
paper trail. ; !@AKW=Comment

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Former University of Miami Director of Finance Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion
Charges

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Florida has issued
the following news release:



  A former University of Miami Director of Finance pled guilty to tax evasion
charges for failing to report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) $2.3 million
that she embezzled from the university.





 Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and Kelly R. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), made the announcement.



 Kimberly Jean Miller, 58, pled guilty to four counts of tax evasion, in
violation of Title 26, United States Code, Section 7201.



 According to court documents, from 2002 until 2012, Miller was the director of
finance at the University of Miami's Rosensteil School of Marine and Atmospheric
Science (RSMAS). The defendant's job responsibilities included overseeing the
payment of RSMAS's vendor invoices. Between 2002 and 2012, Miller used her
authority at RSMAS to embezzle $2.3 million from the University of Miami by
falsifying invoices from a vendor called International Assets. Specifically,
Miller altered the International Assets invoices so that the company name would
appear as "Inter, Inc." and the checks would be mailed back to RSMAS, instead of
to International Assets directly. Miller then deposited the "Inter, Inc." checks
into a business bank account in the name Intercontinental Oceans, Inc., a
company Miller opened in 1993.



 Between 2008 and 2011, Miller prepared her own tax returns and knowingly failed
to report to the IRS the money she had unlawfully obtained through her
embezzlement scheme. Miller owes the IRS an additional $329,020 in income taxes
for her 2008 through 2011 tax returns.



 Sentencing is scheduled for August 16, 2016 before U.S. District Judge Robert
N. Scola, Jr.  At sentencing, Miller faces a maximum statutory sentence of five
years in prison per count.



 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of IRS-CI.  The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amanda Perwin.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

FAIRFIELD RESIDENT SENTENCED TO FEDERAL PRISON FOR TAX EVASION

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: Hartford


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that ROBERT JOSEPH PARKER, 52, of Fairfield, was sentenced today by
U.S. District Judge Janet Bond Arterton in New Haven to 18 months of
imprisonment, followed by three years of supervised release, for tax evasion.

According to court documents and statements made in court, PARKER earned income
by providing information technology services to various businesses.  Between
1996 and 2012, PARKER did not pay any federal income tax on approximately $2
million of income he received in his own name, and in the name of his alter ego
entity known as Success Zone, LLC.

As part of his sentence, PARKER was ordered to pay $1,869,419 in taxes, interest
and penalties for himself personally for tax years 1996 through 2012, and for
Success Zone, LLC, for tax years 2003 through 2012.

On March 5, 2014, PARKER waived his right to indictment and pleaded guilty to
one count of tax evasion.

This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation Division and was prosecuted by Senior Litigation Counsel Richard
J. Schechter.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Duluth woman charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


April 11--With April 15 around the corner, the Minnesota Department of Revenue
issued a news release Tuesday announcing that a Duluth woman has been charged
with eight felony crimes for failing to pay income taxes and filing false or
fraudulent returns.

Pattie Lyn Fralich-Peterson, 51, is accused of filing the fraudulent returns for
tax years 2005 through 2008.

Fralich-Peterson is scheduled to make her first appearance in State District
Court in Duluth on April 24. She has no criminal record in Minnesota or
Wisconsin, according to court records. She has had eight conciliation court
cases filed against her in Minnesota. She couldn't be reached for comment.

According to the criminal complaint:

A revenue tax specialist completed an investigation of Fralich-Peterson on Aug.
16, 2010. The investigator alleged that Fralich-Peterson substantially
overstated her income tax withholdings by her employer and underpaid her
Minnesota income taxes for four years. The total overstatement of state
withholding is alleged to be $6,452, causing her to receive larger refunds than
she was entitled to.

Between Jan. 20 and Jan. 23 of this year, a special agent with the revenue
department criminal investigation division contacted Fralich-Peterson by
telephone. The complaint alleges that she admitted to preparing the tax returns
in question herself and filing them over the internet. She admitted that the
discrepancies between the withholding shown on her income tax returns and the
withholding shown on her W-2s were substantial. She said she couldn't explain
why there were substantial differences between the tax returns and the W-2s, why
there were similar errors on each of her tax returns for 2004-2008, nor why all
of the errors were in her favor.

The Minnesota Department of Revenue has a 24-hour tip line for anyone who
suspects an individual or business is violating tax laws at (651) 297-5195 or
(800) 657-3500. Tipsters may remain anonymous and can also e-mail the department
at tax.fraud@state.mn.us Last year, citizen tips resulted in 89 percent of the
department's case referrals.

In its news release, the revenue department said: "While most taxpayers comply
with tax laws voluntarily, the Minnesota Department of Revenue takes progressive
enforcement action against noncompliant taxpayers ensuring tax laws are fairly
administered, collecting no more and no less than taxpayers owe."

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120411-DU-Duluth-woman-charged-with-tax-evasion-0411-20120411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

Tax charges denied

BYLINE: From news service reports

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 654 words


Helio Castroneves -- winner of both the Indianapolis 500 and reality TV show
"Dancing with the Stars" -- pleaded not guilty in Miami federal court Friday to
multimillion-dollar tax-evasion charges alleging use of offshore accounts.

The famed Brazilian driver, who owns a Coral Gables, Fla., mansion sporting his
auto-racing trophies and two checkered flags from his Indy 500 victories, was
ordered to post a $10 million bond to gain his release before trial.

The 33-year-old race car driver appeared in court in handcuffs and leg chains.
His lawyer, Mark Seiden, said Castroneves would be heading to Atlanta for a
weekend race.

His bond allows him to travel for work in the United States but not overseas.

The Team Penske star is charged with failing to pay taxes on more than $5
million in income during a four-year period. His sister, Kati Castroneves, and
his lawyer, Alan Miller, are accused of assisting him in the alleged tax-evasion
scheme.

Kati Castroneves, the driver's business manager, and Miller did not enter pleas
but were released on bonds of $2 million and $250,000, respectively.

The three defendants used an offshore corporation set up in Panama to pull off
the scheme, according to an indictment filed Thursday.

"It is particularly pernicious when individuals with access to offshore accounts
use that to avoid paying taxes," said Miami U.S. Attorney R. Alexander Acosta.

Castroneves' attorney, Mark Seiden, said his client didn't knowingly violate any
laws.

"Mr. Castroneves is a professional racing driver. He relied on the advice of tax
lawyers and accountants in doing his tax planning," Seiden said. "It is our
position that he has not violated any laws and that he relied upon their advice
in good faith."

But Acosta said Castroneves lied to his tax preparers, claiming he had no
control over the Panamanian company when he actually did.

Castroneves was born in Sao Paulo. Race-car driving has made him a rich man.

He won the Indianapolis 500 in 2001 and 2002. He was the fifth driver to achieve
that milestone in consecutive years. He also finished second to teammate and
countryman Gil de Ferran in 2003.

He became a bona fide American celebrity last year after winning the fifth
season of ABC's reality TV show "Dancing with the Stars" with partner Julianne
Hough.

Earnhardt runs into trouble: Dale Earnhardt Jr. had better days at Talladega.

Earnhardt's No. 88 Chevrolet blew an engine in the first practice on the Alabama
track and blew a tire in the second, and it cost him any shot of starting in the
front of the field.

When the right tire exploded in the afternoon practice, it triggered a multicar
wreck that affected Tony Stewart, Kasey Kahne, David Reutimann and a few others.
Earnhardt spun and hit the wall, debris flying all over the track and collecting
other drivers up in the mess as well. His car was towed off NASCAR's biggest
track.

Stewart and Kahne connected, and Stewart's No. 20 Toyota slid down the track and
into the grass.

Earnhardt, who already had to start in the back because of the engine change,
was forced to go to his backup car. It was the same car he used in Daytona to
win the 150-mile qualifying race.

"I feel like we'll definitely mentally be stronger for Sunday because of what
happened today," Earnhardt said.

Stewart upset: Don't look for Tony Stewart crew chief Greg Zipadelli to try and
play nice with Brian Vickers' team any time soon. Zipadelli was steamed after
what he said was Vickers' refusal to cooperate in the pits last week in Kansas.

Stewart was delayed three times getting out back on the track because Vickers --
who was pitted in front of Stewart -- had issues getting out his pit stall.
Stewart nearly made contact with Vickers' gas man during one early pit stop.

Zipadelli said if Vickers and his team didn't want to work together, "that's
their prerogative."

"I can't get mad about it," Zipadelli said. "But what I'll do is I won't ever
cut them any slack again."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 9, 1989 Saturday

Bakker aides sentenced to more than 17 years

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE, NC


Reuter
  CHARLOTTE, N.C.

Two of Jim Bakker 's former aides were sentenced to more than 17 years
in jail and fined $500,000 each on tax evasion charges yesterday as a
minister appealed to the television evangelist to repent.

'Greed, lust and power. It happens. It happens to the best of us,'  Rev. Alan
Foor, a United Church minister from Beavertown, Pa., declared at  Mr. Bakker's
fraud trial. 'Jim and (his wife) Tammy had better look at  the humble lifestyle
of Jesus Christ.'     In a separate courtroom, former Bakker aides David and
James Taggart  received their sentences for using church credit cards to buy
furs, jewels  and a condominium at the Trump Tower in New York.

The two men said Mr. Bakker's PTL ministry had known about the
purchases.

David Taggart , 32, the evangelist's former personal assistant, was
sentenced to 18 years and five months in jail and fined $500,000. His
brother James, the former PTL interior decorator, was sentenced to 17
years and nine months, and fined $500,000.

Both men were convicted in July on five counts of tax evasion and
conspiracy, charges that carry a maximum penalty of 25 years.

Assistant U.S. Attorney David Brown said Federal Judge Robert Potter
imposed the maximum penalty allowed under new federal sentencing
guidelines. He praised the sentences, saying they send a message that
white-collar criminals face the same penalties as those who commit crimes
such as bank robbery.

Mr. Bakker, on trial in the same courthouse, is accused of overselling
subscriptions for a time-share scheme at the PTL's huge Heritage USA theme
park, 20 kilometres from Charlotte. In return for $1,000, buyers were
entitled to three nights of lodging annually for the rest of their lives
at a park hotel.

Testifying yesterday, Mr. Foor said his subscription was for a hotel
that was never completed, and he was not able to obtain a refund of the
$1,000 fee.

'I feel robbed and cheated,' he said. 'I do forgive them for the  drug and
sexual thing, but I have a hard time dealing with the misuse of  money.'
Tammy Faye Bakker entered hospital at one point to obtain treatment for  abuse
of prescription drugs. Mr. Bakker was forced to resign from PTL  after it was
revealed he had had an affair with church secretary Jessica  Hahn.

Mr. Foor said that after Mr. Bakker resigned he made 'dumb excuses . .
. about millions of dollars in ministry money unaccounted for and said the
devil got into the computer.

'How dumb does he think we are that he can pass everything off on the  devil
question?'     Appearing earlier, former PTL budget director Mark Burgund said
the  ministry tried to get a $50-million loan in Switzerland after local banks
refused because its cheques kept bouncing.

He said an unidentified Swiss corporation agreed to make the loan on
condition that the ministry set up a company in Switzerland and transfer
all PTL assets to it.

The condition was not acceptable, he said, so PTL turned down the
offer.

Mr. Bakker could face 120 years in jail and a $5-million fine if
convicted on all of the 24 counts of fraud and conspiracy he faces.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 12, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BROOKLYN FUEL DISTRIBUTOR PLEADS GUILTY IN TAX PLOT

BYLINE: By MARK A. UHLIG, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 11


A gasoline distributor pleaded guilty today to evading millions of dollars in
state fuel taxes in what state officials called one of the largest gasoline
bootlegging operations in the nation.

Under the terms of the plea, the distributor, David Bogatin, 41 years old, of
104 Amherst Street in the Manhattan Beach section of Brooklyn, will be sentenced
to up to eight years in state prison and must pay almost $5 million in
restitution to the state and Federal governments.

Mr. Bogatin faces additional Federal and local penalties on other aspects of the
gasoline scheme, which prosecutors said sought to confuse tax auditors by
generating vast quantities of paperwork through the repeated sale and resale of
bulk gasoline. The restitution amount represents the government revenue
estimated to have been lost from the improper sale of approximately 15 million
gallons of gasoline from 1982 to 1985.

The penalties are among the heaviest ever imposed in a state tax-evasion case,
state officials said. And Mr. Bogatin's admission of guilt, entered in Albany
County Court, was a key element in efforts to break a network of illegal
activity that law enforcement officials said was run by a group of Russian and
eastern European immigrants with links to organized crime.

Gas Distributor 'Cartel'

Nathan Riley, a spokesman for state Attorney General Robert Abrams, said Mr.
Bogatin, a Russian immigrant, was part of a cartel of dishonest gas distributors
that prosecutors believe operated under the direction of Michael Franzese, a
reputed captain of the Colombo organized-crime family. Mr. Franzese is now
serving a 10-year sentence for a Federal racketeering conviction.

The tax-evasion scheme, Mr. Riley said, took advantage of state laws that from
1982 to 1985 required that taxes be paid by a wholesaler before gasoline was
sent into the retail-distribution chain. Although a single gasoline shipment may
be owned by several wholesalers at different times, the law stated that only one
dealer was required to pay the tax.

To confuse state tax auditors, Mr. Riley said, Mr. Bogatin and other dealers set
up a series of dummy distributorships and sold gasoline among them in a series
of quick transactions - as many as six in a week - creating voluminous paperwork
that left sequences of ownership and tax responsibility in doubt.

The scheme allowed Mr. Bogatin to amass a fortune, including six condominiums in
Trump Tower in midtown Manhattan, the authorities said.

The investigation of Mr. Bogatin's business dealings was conducted by the Long
Island Oil Industry Organized Crime Task Force, a joint Federal, state and local
law-enforcement effort that was established in November 1982 to combat illegal
practices by gasoline distributors on Long Island.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of David Bogatin with attorney Daivd Clayton (NYT/David Jennings)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Albuquerque Businessman Pleads Guilty to Federal Tax Evasion Charge

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 James E. Coleman, Jr., the former president and owner of Sneakerz, Inc., a
corporation that operated "Sneakerz Sports Bar" in Albuquerque, N.M., pleaded
guilty this morning in federal court to a tax evasion charge, announced U.S.
Attorney Damon P. Martinez and Ismael Nevarez Jr., Special Agent in Charge of
the Phoenix Field Office of IRS Criminal Investigation.

Coleman, 58, was charged in Nov. 2014, in a four-count indictment alleging tax
evasion and subscribing false tax returns charges.  Counts 1 and 2 charged
Coleman with evading $166,320.00 in federal corporate taxes in calendar years
2008 and 2009 by filing false tax returns that underrepresented his
corporation's taxable income.  Count 1 charged Coleman with evading $90,661.00
in federal taxes by falsely claiming that his corporation had $621,064.00 in
taxable income in calendar year 2008 despite knowing that the corporation had
$886,128 in taxable income for that year.  Count 2 charged him with evading
$75,659.00 in federal taxes by falsely claiming that his corporation had
$731,581.00 in taxable income in calendar year 2009 despite knowing that the
corporation had $932,235.00 in taxable income for that year.  Counts 3 and 4
charged Coleman with filing individual tax returns for calendar years 2008 and
2009 that falsely reported that Coleman received no dividend income and no
business income during those two calendar years. During today's proceedings,
Coleman pled guilty to Count 1 of the indictment and admitted evading a total of
$1,045,939.00 in federal corporate and personal taxes between calendar years
2002 and 2009.  In his plea agreement, Coleman acknowledged underrepresenting
Sneakerz's gross receipts to the IRS with the intention of evading his corporate
tax liability.  He also admitted falsely underrepresenting the income he derived
from Sneakerz on his personal tax returns.   At sentencing, Coleman faces a
maximum statutory penalty of five years in federal prison.  Coleman also will be
subject to an order requiring that he pay restitution in an amount to be
determined by the court. This case was investigated by the Albuquerque office of
IRS Criminal Investigation and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney
Jeremy Peña.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Head of Operations at New York Brokerage Firm Pleads Guilty to
Tax Evasion and Filing False Tax Return

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

A former resident of North Bellmore, New York, pleaded guilty today in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Long Island to one count
of tax evasion and one count of filing a false federal income tax return,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division.

According to the indictment, Dominick Pannitti, 38, was head of operations at a
securities brokerage firm located in Syosset, New York. The brokerage firm used
an automated system designed to adjust customers' trading accounts for amounts
less than $1,000. During 2005 and 2006, Pannitti used the automated system to
credit his own trading accounts-set up in the name of a corporation that he
owned-more than 850 times in increments of less than $1,000. Pannitti was not
entitled to most of these credits, which totaled more than $570,000. Pannitti
failed to report the income on his 2005 and 2006 federal income tax returns.

Pannitti faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and up to a
$250,000 fine for the tax evasion count and a statutory maximum sentence of
three years in prison and up to a $250,000 fine for the false return count at
his sentencing before U.S. District Judge Arthur D. Spatt.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended the special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, who investigated the case, and Trial
Attorneys Mark Kotila and Jeffrey Bender of the Tax Division, who are
prosecuting the case. Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Eastern District of New York for their substantial assistance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Sports in Brief: Cyclist Hamilton ends career, admits doping

BYLINE: Compiled By The Inquirer Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D06

LENGTH: 509 words


Olympic champion Tyler Hamilton, 38, once touted as the next great American
cyclist and an heir to Lance Armstrong's throne atop the sport, ended his
doping-tarnished career yesterday, saying he tested positive for a banned
substance and would retire.Hamilton, who was born in Marblehead, Mass., admitted
taking an herbal product for two days in February to combat depression, knowing
it included a steroid."There's nothing to fight about," Hamilton told the
Associated Press. "I took a banned substance. I accept the consequences. You
make mistakes in your life, and I accept the penalty like a man."Hamilton won a
gold medal in the 2004 Athens Games.Auto racing Helio Castroneves will be back
on track less than 24 hours after the Brazilian driver was acquitted on tax
evasion charges.Penske Racing president Tim Cindric said yesterday the two-time
Indianapolis 500 winner would return to his No. 3 IndyCar in time for practice
and qualifying today for the Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach in California.
After a six-week trial and six days of deliberation in Miami, a jury acquitted
the 33-year-old Castroneves, his sister and business manager Katiucia, and a
lawyer of tax evasion. The jury could not reach a verdict on conspiracy charges
against Castroneves and his sister.

Mark Martin has won his third pole of the season, qualifying first at Phoenix
International Raceway in Avondale, Ariz., for tonight's Subway 500 race in the
Sprint Car series.Horse racing The middle jewel of horse racing's Triple Crown
could be run somewhere other than Pimilico Race Course in Baltimore.Pimlico and
the state's most prestigious race, the Preakness, will be put up for auction in
August with nearby Laurel Park and the Bowie Training Center because of federal
bankruptcy filings by Canada's Magna Entertainment Corp.A hearing will be held
Monday in Delaware on the proposed bidding procedures for Magna's assets. The
state of Maryland, seeking to retain the Preakness, will be represented by Greg
Cross, head of bankruptcy litigation at Baltimore's Venable law firm. Tin Cup
Chalice and another horse, Zany, were euthanized yesterday after they collided
in a training accident at Finger Lakes Gaming and Racetrack near Rochester, N.Y.
Track and field Former Boston Marathon champion Bill Rodgers is heading back to
the starting line on Monday for another go at the race he won four times, the
last time in 1980. Rodgers, 61, has not run the race since 1999, when he went
for the 50-and-over American record but dropped out at the top of Heartbreak
Hill. Colleges Florida forward Alex Tyus, the team's second-leading scorer last
season, has decided to transfer. Elsewhere. Georgia won a fifth straight NCAA
women's gymnastics title and record 10th overall in Lincoln, Neb., as all-around
champion Courtney Kupets scored 10s on the the uneven bars and the vault. . . .
Penn State hired Iowa State's Cael Sanderson as its wrestling coach. . . .
Arkansas junior forward Michael Washington has made himself available for the
NBA draft without signing with an agent.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 27, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BUSINESS BRIEFS

BYLINE: A staff and wire report

SECTION: MONEYSENSE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 400 words


TAMPA BAY AREA

Feds Move To Dismiss

One of the founders of the Hooters restaurant chain appears to have won his
legal battle against the federal government. On Thursday, the U.S. attorney's
office filed a motion to dismiss criminal tax-evasion charges against Lynn
"L.D." Stewart. Stewart faced two counts of federal tax evasion and two counts
of filing a false tax return. However, jurors in his November trial were unable
to reach a verdict, and a judge declared a mistrial.

John Fitzgibbons, Stewart's attorney, said a federal judge was expected to
approve the government's motion by today.

WellCare Adding 50

WellCare Health Plans said it will add 50 more pharmacy technicians at its
Renaissance Centre campus in Tampa.

They will handle calls from doctors' offices and pharmacies to discuss Medicare
prescriptions.

For information or to apply for a job, visit WellCare's job fair from 2:30 to
7:30 p.m. Tuesday at the Renaissance Centre, 3725 Henderson Road.

Walter Unit Closing

Mueller Water Products, part of Tampa-based Walter Industries, said Thursday
that it will close a Dixon, Ill., valve manufacturing plant by the end of 2006,
affecting 107 employees.

MTS CFO Leaving

MTS Medication Technologies of St. Petersburg, which makes medicine packaging
systems, announced Thursday that Chief Financial Officer Michael Branca will
leave March 17. Controller Terri Dunbar will oversee financial operations until
a replacement is named.

NATION

FTC Fines ChoicePoint

ChoicePoint agreed Thursday to pay $15 million to settle Federal Trade
Commission charges that the data warehouser's record-handling procedures
violated consumers' privacy rights when thieves infiltrated ChoicePoint's
database.

But another investigation of ChoicePoint's top two officers by the Securities
and Exchange Commission looms, and some Washington lawmakers say tougher
regulations are still needed to prevent another breach.

Chipolte IPO Sizzles

Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, owned by McDonald's Corp., doubled in price
Thursday in their trading debut on the New York Stock Exchange. Shares in the
initial public offering were priced at $22 Wednesday evening but had doubled by
closing to $44 a share.

A staff and wire report

Watch the Tribune's MoneySense report at 5, 6 and 11 a.m. weekdays and 9 a.m.
Saturdays on WFLA-TV.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: One of the founders of the Hooters restaurant chain appears to have won
his legal battle against the federal government. On Thursday, the U.S.
attorney's office filed a motion to dismiss criminal tax-evasion charges against
Lynn "L.D." Stewart. Stewart faced two counts of federal tax evasion and two
counts of filing a false tax return. However, jurors in his November trial were
unable to reach a verdict, and a judge declared a mistrial.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 16, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Lawyer Pleads Guilty to Mail Fraud, Tax Evasion

Sharon Walsh, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE D10

LENGTH: 620 words


For years, crime really did pay for Washington attorney Herbert Lawrence Fox.

With more than $ 1.5 million in funds stolen from his law firm and his clients
from 1986 to 1991, Fox bought three Jaguars, expensive jewelry and gifts, took
vacations to Europe and the Caribbean and decorated a beach house in Nags Head,
N.C., and a home in Alexandria.

Yesterday, Fox, 52, tanned and soft-spoken, pleaded guilty in U.S. District
Court in Washington to mail fraud and tax evasion as part of a plea bargain
agreement in which he admitted using three different schemes to defraud his
former firms -- Winston & Strawn of Chicago and Bishop, Cook, Purcell & Reynolds
of Washington -- and clients.

As part of the plea agreement, the former senior partner has turned over to the
federal government his personal belongings, including houses, works of art, a
silver service for 24, cars and personal jewelry. Proceeds from his pension fund
also will go to the government. The cash value of his life insurance policies
will be used to pay his attorney's fees.

Even his wedding ring had to be sold, but the government allowed his wife to buy
it back.

"Your honor, Mr. Fox has, in effect, been stripped of everything but his
underwear," said Peter F. Vaira, Fox's attorney. "He's turned it all over to the
government."

Fox is scheduled to be sentenced Sept. 30 and could receive up to 10 years in
prison and criminal fines of $ 500,000 in addition to the restitution. Fox, who
specialized in representing cities in waste disposal cases, has stopped
practicing law and is unemployed, Vaira said.

Gary Fairchild, managing partner of Winston & Strawn in Chicago, said yesterday
that the firm has cooperated with the government in the case and intends to file
a civil lawsuit against Fox, who had become part of the firm when Bishop, Cook
and Winston & Strawn merged in early 1990.

It was Winston & Strawn that notified investigators when they found
discrepancies in Fox's accounts. Fairchild said the firm is in the process of
reimbursing clients.

Fox used several methods to make extra cash over the five-year period, according
to the government's evidence.

In one, he funneled payments through Keefe Co., a Washington lobbying firm. Fox
presented bills to both Bishop, Cook and Winston & Strawn on Keefe Co.
stationery falsely saying that Keefe had done work for clients.

Once the payments were made by the law firms from client funds, Keefe Co. paid
the money -- about $ 1 million over five years -- to Fox, members of his family
and others, according to court documents.

Keefe Co. has not been charged with any wrongdoing and prosecutors declined
yesterday to comment on whether the company is part of an ongoing investigation
of the case. B. Michael Rauh, an attorney for Keefe, could not be reached for
comment.

A receptionist at Keefe said all the principals of the firm, including Chairman
Robert J. Keefe, were in New York at the Democratic convention and could not be
reached.

Fox also submitted false expense account reports and vendor bills. One phony
invoice indicated that local transportation worth more than $ 20,000 had been
provided to Fox's local clients. The law firms charged client accounts.

A California car dealer who sold Fox a 1991 Jaguar submitted the transportation
bill, which was used as partial payment for the car.

In another case, Fox submitted more than $ 10,000 in expenses for hotels and
meals in Paris and London while working for clients. In fact, the expenses were
for a European vacation taken by Fox and family members.

Fox, a former Internal Revenue Service bureau chief, did not pay taxes on much
of the income he fraudulently received, according to the plea agreement.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 14, 2011 Sunday

Escort service manager serving prison time for tax evasion loses appeal

BYLINE: By Melinda Rogers The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 404 words


The former office manager of Salt Lake City-based escort service Companions on
Friday lost her bid to have her three-year prison sentence for tax evasion
overturned by the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver.

Jodi Hoskins, 35, was sentenced to three years in federal prison by U.S.
District Judge Dee Benson in July 2010 and ordered to pay about $736,000 in
restitution for failing to pay taxes. Hoskins worked as a "phone girl" at
Companions booking escorts for private sessions and bachelor parties.

At a January 2010 bench trial, Benson ruled Hoskins underreported the gross
receipts for the business owned by she and her husband, Roy B. Hoskins, on her
2002 individual income tax return.

The 2002 return reported $902,750 in gross receipts from Companions, but an
investigation determined that Companions received at least $1 million in
credit-card payments alone that year, court documents state. Because the company
reported it received 50 to 70 percent of its payments in cash, investigators
estimated Companions' 2002 receipts at $2.1 million --more than $1.2 million
more than the amount claimed by the Hoskinses.

Benson ruled the government proved that Hoskins intended to evade the payment of
taxes owed by her husband, Roy Hoskins, 38, who owned and operated Companions
until 2006.

Jodi Hoskins claimed on appeal there was insufficient evidence to support her
conviction. She claimed when she signed her 2002 tax return, she didn't
understand the legal consequences of underreporting income. She also argued
through her attorney, Andrew McCullough, that the district court's calculation
of the government's tax loss was wrong and that Benson erred when applying a
sentencing enhancement for failing to report sources of income derived from
criminal activity, according to court documents.

The appeals court rejected the claim. Jodi Hoskins will serve the rest of her
prison sentence in Dublin, Calif., before she is released in August 2012.

Benson in May 2010 sentenced Roy Hoskins to 60 months in prison incarceration
after he pleaded guilty to tax evasion. Benson ordered him to pay $817,895 in
restitution. The appeals court also rejected a claim from Roy Hoskins to have
his sentence overturned. He is housed in a federal prison in northern California
and is scheduled for release in May 2014.

mrogers@sltrib.com

Twitter: @mrogers_trib Alt Heads:

Escort service manager serving prison time for tax evasion loses appeal

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 29, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-client of UBS gets house arrest for tax fraud

BYLINE: Tom Brown, Reuters

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: MIAMI


A former client of UBS AG who co-operated in a U.S. probe of the Swiss bank's
ties with wealthy Americans hiding money overseas was sentenced Wednesday to one
year house arrest and a fine for a multimillion-dollar tax evasion scheme.

Steven Michael Rubinstein, 55, was the first former customer of UBS to be
sentenced for tax fraud following a protracted U.S. legal battle with the bank
that ended in August with an agreement to crack open Switzerland's long
tradition of bank secrecy.

Rubinstein, a Florida accountant who pleaded guilty to a single count of tax
evasion in June, was sentenced to a total of three years of probation including
12 months of house arrest. He was also ordered to pay a $40,000 fine.

UBS settled a sweeping U.S. criminal probe earlier this year by paying a $780
million penalty and admitting it helped U.S. citizens evade taxes.

It then ended a related civil suit in August by agreeing to turn over the names
of 4,450 wealthy U.S. clients with undisclosed offshore accounts.

Rubinstein's sentence, handed down by a federal court judge in Miami, was in
line with the Justice Department's recent request for leniency for Rubinstein
due to what it described as his substantial cooperation in a probe centring on
Americans with undisclosed offshore accounts at UBS.

The U.S. government had alleged that Rubinstein, who worked for a company in the
yacht business, evaded taxes on $3 million by stashing funds in a British Virgin
Islands corporation set up through a UBS account that was active from 2001 to
2008.

He had faced a maximum sentence of three years in prison, but the Justice
Department called for no more than a 12-month sentence in a court filing last
Friday.

Federal Court Judge Marcia Cooke called the sentence reduction unusually lenient
in her remarks to the courtroom on Wednesday but said no one should
underestimate the value of Rubinstein's co-operation with authorities in their
crackdown on tax evasion.

"Thousands if not millions of taxpayers now know what the legal landscape is,"
said Cooke. "We will not tolerate offshore tax evasion."

Her remarks came after Rubinstein, who had posted $12 million bail after his
arrest, voiced contrition for his tax dodging and vowed that he would never
stray outside the law again.

"I'm embarrassed and ashamed to be standing here before you," said Rubinstein.
"I will continue to assist the government in any manner requested."

Jeffrey Chernick, another former UBS client who has pleaded guilty of tax
evasion, is due to be sentenced in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Friday for
hiding more than $8 million from U.S. tax authorities.

The Justice Department has also asked for a reduced sentenced for Chernick,
citing his co-operation in UBS-related criminal investigations.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Former Wal-Mart vice-chairman pleads guilty to wire fraud, tax evasion

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 120  words


Former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vice-chairman Tom Coughlin yesterday admitted to
misappropriating company funds, pleading guilty to five counts of wire fraud and
one of tax evasion. Mr. Coughlin, who joined the company in 1978 and worked
closely with legendary founder Sam Walton, faces up to five years in prison
and/or a $250US,000 fine for each count of wire fraud, and up to three in prison
and/or a $100US,000 fine for tax evasion. Mr. Coughlin entered his guilty plea
in U.S. District Court in Fort Smith, Ark. Judge Robert Dawson ordered the
14-page plea agreement placed under seal, saying he was "concerned, deeply
concerned" about pretrial publicity in the case. Sentencing was postponed
pending a pretrial report.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 16, 2009 Friday

Former ACE Adventures employee indicted on tax evasion charge

BYLINE: Michelle James, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


Oct. 16--A former employee of ACE Adventures was indicted Thursday in federal
court in Charleston on charges of tax evasion and providing false statements.

According to the indictment, Carl W. Steward, 59, who now lives in Asheville,
N.C., engaged in several fraudulent schemes aimed at defrauding ACE.

Among those, the indictment states, is improperly diverting ACE income to his
personal bank accounts and orchestrating a "kickback" scheme through which he
had many ACE vendors return a portion of their proceeds to him.

Steward opened a checking account in Oak Hill in the name of the Society for the
Preservation of Vaudeville and Variety Arts Inc., a nonprofit entity in Florida
with whom he had no connection.

Steward then directed ACE-related work to a third-party vendor in exchange for
"commissions" to SPVVA, according to the indictment.

The indictment also states that in 2000 the third-party entity paid $46,000 in
kickbacks for receiving the ACE contract.

Steward was fired from ACE in 2003 and, in response to a civil suit filed
against him by his former employer, he produced tax returns from 2000 to 2004,
although he had never actually filed his taxes during those years.

In 2005, Steward filed false returns for 2002 and 2003 and has yet to file for
2000 and 2001, the indictment said.

Steward's false statements charge stems from information he provided to an IRS
agent in 2006, at which time he said he had filed returns for all four years.

Should Steward be convicted of all four charges, he faces 25 years in prison.

ACE's civil suit against Steward resulted in a $2.3 million verdict in its
favor.

-- E-mail: mjames@register-herald.com

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091016-WZ-Former-ACE-Adventures-employee-indicted-on-tax-evasion
-charge-1016

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

BETONSPORTS KINGPIN IS FIGHTING EXTRADITION

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 376 words


Indicted online gambling kingpin Gary Kaplan remains out of the reach of U.S.
law enforcement and getting Costa Rican authorities to hand him over is far from
a sure thing.

Kaplan, who moved his sports-betting operation to Costa Rica in 1997, is wanted
by federal authorities on 20 charges - involving racketeering, conspiracy, tax
evasion and moving gambling paraphernalia across state lines.

But the feds will have to show that the former New York bookie broke Costa Rican
law to persuade the government there that he should be extradited.

The gambling charges are off the table. Betting over the Internet and through
toll-free numbers - as the Kaplan's company BetonSports.com does - is a
legitimate business in Costa Rica.

"The only charge that he could be incriminated on is tax evasion," Moises
Vinzenzi, one of Costa Rica's top criminal defense attorneys, told The Post.
"But they're working here and paying taxes here."

Vinzenzi, who fought the extradition of phony plastic surgeon Dean Faiello in
2004, said yesterday that he has spoken with an associate of Kaplan and may be
taking up the case if the feds seek an extradition order.

The Justice Department in St. Louis, Missouri, which brought the charges against
him and BetonSports in mid-July, may not know of his whereabouts.

Justice Dept. spokeswoman Jan Diltz declined to comment.

Kaplan, who is said to travel with a posse of a dozen gun-toting bodyguards, may
be holed up in one of his Costa Rican homes. He's also been rumored to be in
Israel.

Also on the lam are Norman Steinberg, co-owner with Kaplan of Millennium
Sportsbook, Gibraltar Sportsbook and North American Sports Association, and
Peter Wilson, media director for BetonSports. Eight others have been arrested in
the case, including BetonSports CEO David Carruthers, who is in a St. Louis
jail.

Kaplan, a Brooklyn native, got permanent residence status from Costa Rica's
immigration department in July 2003, about a year and a half after he first
applied.

Perhaps worried that the feds were on to him, the 47-year-old asked for Costa
Rican citizenship just this month. Citizens of the country can't be extradited.
Kaplan's application is still pending.

with Juan Manuel Campos in Costa Rica

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Everybody out of the pool: BetonSport's Costa Rican headquarters had a
glitzy pool, now shut down by federal prosecutors. Pictured are the swimming
pool and reception area. [Photos: gambling911.com; Dennis Caruso]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

            October 18, 2002 Friday Illinois Five Star Lift Edition

LAW & ORDER

SECTION: METRO ; Law & Order Column; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 711 words


ST. LOUIS

Businessman gets two-year sentence in bankruptcy and tax-evasion case

Richard E. Gray, the former chairman of an aluminum siding company in Fenton,
was sentenced Thursday in federal court in St. Louis to two years in prison for
tax evasion and a bankruptcy-related crime. Gray, 55, formerly of New York, had
been chairman of HomeStar Industries of Fenton, which was forced into bankruptcy
in 1997 by creditors.

Authorities said that in the months before the bankruptcy, the company's former
owner died, and HomeStar received more than $1 million in life insurance
proceeds. Gray defrauded the creditors and customers by transferring those
proceeds to other companies and accounts he controlled, according to the U.S.
attorney's office.

When Gray was asked about it in the bankruptcy case, prosecutors said, he made
false statements under oath to disguise the transfers as a loan.

He pleaded guilty July 24 to one count of making false statements under oath
during bankruptcy proceedings. Gray also pleaded guilty to one count of tax
evasion. He evaded paying income taxes for the years 1984 through 1987 in the
total amount of $370,927, according to the U.S. attorney's office. Gray's
attorney, David Harlan, said he and his client had no comment.

ALTON

Officials identify baby who died at home

Authorities identified a 4-month-old baby who died Wednesday morning at an Alton
residence as Tequila McGee.

Alton police were called to the house, in the 1100 block of Pearl Street, about
11:30 a.m. Wednesday by Tequila's baby sitter, who said the child had been found
in her bed not breathing. Efforts to revive the baby failed, and she was
pronounced dead at a hospital.

Police originally called the death suspicious because of the baby's age. An
autopsy Wednesday night found no signs of foul play, but lab tests are still
pending, police said.

GRANITE CITY

Mother of accident victim sues police officer, city

The mother of a man killed last year in a collision with a Granite City police
car filed a lawsuit Wednesday in Madison County Circuit Court seeking $200,000
each from the city and the police officer who drove the patrol car.

David Ortiz, 24, of Granite City, was killed Oct. 21 when he turned his car into
the path of Sgt. Kenneth Rozell's unmarked police car, authorities said.
Rozell's warning lights were on as he headed down Madison Avenue to the scene of
an armed robbery, police explained.

The suit claims that Rozell had a known history of traffic violations but the
Granite City Police Department never disciplined him for them. Officials said
Thursday that an investigation found that Rozell had not violated any department
policies.

PONTOON BEACH

Woman struck at charity roadblock files suit

Granite City resident Lea Haddix, who was hit by a pickup last October while
collecting donations at an intersection in Pontoon Beach, filed suit Thursday in
Madison County Circuit Court against Pontoon Beach, Granite City Elks Lodge No.
1063 and Rodney L. Wright, the driver who hit her.

The suit claims the village erred by allowing volunteers to collect donations
without providing any safety instructions or requiring them to follow state laws
about charity roadblocks. The Elks Lodge sponsored the donation drive.

Wright, 74, of Granite City is facing reckless driving charges for the accident,
which also injured Thomas Boushard of Granite City.

JEFFERSON COUNTY

De Soto teenager dies in crash on Highway 21

A De Soto teenager is dead after the pickup he was driving swerved into oncoming
traffic and collided with another vehicle early Thursday morning. It was the
latest of several deaths in recent years on Highway 21, Jefferson County's
so-called "Blood Alley."

Matthew Steven Baisch, 19, was found dead at the scene. Rodney Louis Kelly, 18,
also of De Soto, was a passenger in Baisch's car and was treated at St. John's
Mercy Medical Center in Creve Coeur and released. The driver of the second car,
Marcaline Rion, 33, of Hillsboro, was treated at St. Anthony's Medical Center in
south St. Louis County and released.

Police said Baisch's truck crossed the center line and struck Rion's northbound
car at about 2:15 a.m., just north of Lake Lorraine Road in central Jefferson
County.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Judge Says Hirschfeld Can Defend Himself

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 165 words


Abe Hirschfeld, the real estate mogul who offered Paula Jones $1 million to end
a lawsuit against President Clinton, was declared fit to defend himself on state
tax-evasion charges yesterday.

Judge Bruce Allen of State Supreme Court in Manhattan said he had been assured
of Mr. Hirschfeld's fitness and tentatively set a trial date of June 24.

Mr. Hirschfeld plans to call as witnesses former Presidents Jimmy Carter and
George Bush, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Donald Trump and the Rev. Al Sharpton,
according to a witness list he filed with the court.

Since May 1997, when Mr. Hirschfeld pleaded not guilty to a 123-count
indictment, he has fired at least 10 lawyers. In addition to tax evasion, the
indictment charges him and several of his business corporations with scheming to
defraud.

Separately, Mr. Hirschfeld is charged with plotting to have a business partner
killed. In that case, he is accused of having paid $75,000 to an intermediary to
arrange the killing.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Albuquerque Businessman Pleads Guilty to Federal Tax Evasion Charge

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Mexico has issued the
following news release:



  James E. Coleman, Jr., the former president and owner of Sneakerz, Inc., a
corporation that operated "Sneakerz Sports Bar" in Albuquerque, N.M., pleaded
guilty this morning in federal court to a tax evasion charge, announced U.S.
Attorney Damon P. Martinez and Ismael Nevarez Jr., Special Agent in Charge of
the Phoenix Field Office of IRS Criminal Investigation.





 Coleman, 58, was charged in Nov. 2014, in a four-count indictment alleging tax
evasion and subscribing false tax returns charges.  Counts 1 and 2 charged
Coleman with evading $166,320.00 in federal corporate taxes in calendar years
2008 and 2009 by filing false tax returns that underrepresented his
corporation's taxable income.  Count 1 charged Coleman with evading $90,661.00
in federal taxes by falsely claiming that his corporation had $621,064.00 in
taxable income in calendar year 2008 despite knowing that the corporation had
$886,128 in taxable income for that year.  Count 2 charged him with evading
$75,659.00 in federal taxes by falsely claiming that his corporation had
$731,581.00 in taxable income in calendar year 2009 despite knowing that the
corporation had $932,235.00 in taxable income for that year.  Counts 3 and 4
charged Coleman with filing individual tax returns for calendar years 2008 and
2009 that falsely reported that Coleman received no dividend income and no
business income during those two calendar years.



 During today's proceedings, Coleman pled guilty to Count 1 of the indictment
and admitted evading a total of $1,045,939.00 in federal corporate and personal
taxes between calendar years 2002 and 2009.  In his plea agreement, Coleman
acknowledged underrepresenting Sneakerz's gross receipts to the IRS with the
intention of evading his corporate tax liability.  He also admitted falsely
underrepresenting the income he derived from Sneakerz on his personal tax
returns.



 At sentencing, Coleman faces a maximum statutory penalty of five years in
federal prison.  Coleman also will be subject to an order requiring that he pay
restitution in an amount to be determined by the court.



 This case was investigated by the Albuquerque office of IRS Criminal
Investigation and is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeremy Peña.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Countries Affected by Ebola Lose $1.4 Billion Annually to Debt,
Corruption and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

New reports show that the Ebola-affected countries of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra
Leone lose an average of $1.4 billion each year to corruption, debt payments and
tax evasion. Global Financial Integrity (GFI) calculates the three countries
lost about $1.3 billion per year to corruption and tax evasion in the decade
leading up to the Ebola outbreak. New World Bank data indicates the countries
spent over $80 million on debt payments in 2013, the year the outbreak began.
According to the World Bank, the countries spent a total of $270 million on
public health in 2012.

"Debt, corruption and tax evasion are part of why people die in West Africa,"
stated Eric LeCompte, Executive Director of Jubilee USA, a religious development
coalition. "The money was there to contain Ebola and save more people from
preventable diseases."

Guinea, where the outbreak began, spent more on debt payments in 2012 than it
spent on public health. Guinea spent $207 million on debt payments in 2013 and
2012. According to the Financial Times, the three countries owe the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) nearly $480 million. Sierra Leone spent $2.3
million paying off debts since the IMF announced a debt relief plan in November
and will spend nearly $2 million more before the end of the year. The three
countries accrued much of their current debt burden during civil wars,
dictatorships and one-party rule. US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew brought
Jubilee USA's plan for debt relief to the November G20 meetings held in
Brisbane, Australia. The G20 made a financing commitment to the three Ebola
affected countries of 300 million dollars in debt relief, grants and new loans.
The IMF could announce the financing plan as early as January.

"Winning debt relief and stopping tax evasion provide long term monies for
healthcare and development," said LeCompte, who serves on United Nations Expert
Groups that address debt and illicit finance. "More people die from preventable
diseases annually in these countries than from Ebola."

According to GFI, developing countries lose nearly $1 trillion each year to
illicit flows. From 2003 - 2012, Liberia lost more than $900 million annually on
average, while Guinea lost more than $300 million. In 2013, the G8 signed a
joint declaration calling on the international community to curb corruption and
corporate tax avoidance. This past August, during the White House Africa Summit,
the Obama Administration announced a committee to make recommendations to
address these outflows.

"There's broad consensus that we need to keep money from flowing out of
developing economies," added LeCompte. "There's so much the international
community can do."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Countries Affected by Ebola Lose $1.4 Billion Annually to Debt,
Corruption and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: Washington


Common Dreams has issued the following news release:

New reports show that the Ebola-affected countries of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra
Leone lose an average of $1.4 billion each year to corruption, debt payments and
tax evasion. Global Financial Integrity (GFI) calculates the three countries
lost about $1.3 billion per year to corruption and tax evasion in the decade
leading up to the Ebola outbreak. New World Bank data indicates the countries
spent over $80 million on debt payments in 2013, the year the outbreak began.
According to the World Bank, the countries spent a total of $270 million on
public health in 2012.

"Debt, corruption and tax evasion are part of why people die in West Africa,"
stated Eric LeCompte, Executive Director of Jubilee USA, a religious development
coalition. "The money was there to contain Ebola and save more people from
preventable diseases."

Guinea, where the outbreak began, spent more on debt payments in 2012 than it
spent on public health. Guinea spent $207 million on debt payments in 2013 and
2012. According to the Financial Times, the three countries owe the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) nearly $480 million. Sierra Leone spent $2.3
million paying off debts since the IMF announced a debt relief plan in November
and will spend nearly $2 million more before the end of the year. The three
countries accrued much of their current debt burden during civil wars,
dictatorships and one-party rule. US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew brought
Jubilee USA's plan for debt relief to the November G20 meetings held in
Brisbane, Australia. The G20 made a financing commitment to the three Ebola
affected countries of 300 million dollars in debt relief, grants and new loans.
The IMF could announce the financing plan as early as January.

"Winning debt relief and stopping tax evasion provide long term monies for
healthcare and development," said LeCompte, who serves on United Nations Expert
Groups that address debt and illicit finance. "More people die from preventable
diseases annually in these countries than from Ebola."

According to GFI, developing countries lose nearly $1 trillion each year to
illicit flows. From 2003 - 2012, Liberia lost more than $900 million annually on
average, while Guinea lost more than $300 million. In 2013, the G8 signed a
joint declaration calling on the international community to curb corruption and
corporate tax avoidance. This past August, during the White House Africa Summit,
the Obama Administration announced a committee to make recommendations to
address these outflows.

"There's broad consensus that we need to keep money from flowing out of
developing economies," added LeCompte. "There's so much the international
community can do."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Fayetteville preacher pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


May 19--A Fayetteville preacher linked to a company investigated for health care
fraud has pleaded guilty to filing a false income tax return.

Earlene McKeithan Baggett pleaded guilty at a federal court in Raleigh on
Monday, according to U.S. Attorney George E.B. Holding.

Baggett is accused of lying about her income in 2008 and 2009 while working at
Learning Links Educational Network Services Center and AME Zion Church, and
collecting retirement benefits from the state.

According to Holding's office, Baggett received about $34,000 a year from the
state in disability benefits and failed to report and pay taxes on any of her
church income and much of the money she received from Learning Links.

In 2008 and 2009, she told the N.C. Retirement Systems Board that she had no
income, prosecutors said. Baggett is estimated to have earned $115,000 in
unreported income in 2009.

She pleaded guilty to U.S. District Judge Terrence W. Boyle and faces up to
three years in prison and a fine of $100,000 at sentencing in August,
prosecutors say.

Baggett was charged earlier this year following an investigation that began last
year while federal agents were looking into allegations of fraud at Learning
Links.

Baggett worked as medical director for Learning Links, according to the
government.

The investigation into Learning Links ended late last year after its owner,
Sandra Elliott, was sentenced to a decade in prison and ordered to pay nearly
$1.9 million in restitution.

Elliott pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting health care fraud following the
joint federal and state investigation into the company, which opened in 2006.
She received the maximum prison term allowed under her charge.

The company, which claimed to provide early intervention treatment for children
with developmental delays, anger problems and other special needs, operated
three locations in Fayetteville, one in Dunn and had plans to open others,
according to Holding's office.

The company relied on payment from government-run benefit programs, but
investigators said that some children who allegedly received services weren't in
the state on the billed date of service or were billed for several months after
ending treatment.

According to investigators, the total fraud was calculated to be nearly $2
million, with $1,172,647 in losses attributed to the Tricare program and
$712,548 in losses attributed to Medicaid.

Investigators discovered the fraud in 2009, when a search of Learning Links
locations confirmed that the centers employed unlicensed personnel, provided
unwarranted therapy and billed for services not rendered.

Staff writer Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or 486-3567.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110519-FY-Fayetteville-preacher-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-0519-20110519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 18, 2011 Wednesday

Fayetteville preacher pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: Drew Brooks, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


May 18--A Fayetteville preacher linked to a company investigated for health care
fraud has pleaded guilty to filing a false income tax return.

Earlene McKeithan Baggett pleaded guilty at a federal court in Raleigh on
Monday, according to U.S. Attorney George E.B. Holding.

Baggett is accused of lying about her income in 2008 and 2009 while working at
Learning Links Educational Network Services Center and AME Zion Church, and
collecting retirement benefits from the state.

According to Holding's office, Baggett received about $34,000 a year from the
state in disability benefits and failed to report and pay taxes on any of her
church income and much of the money she received from Learning Links.

In 2008 and 2009, she told the N.C. Retirement Systems Board that she had no
income, prosecutors said. Baggett is estimated to have earned $115,000 in
unreported income in 2009.

She pleaded guilty to U.S. District Judge Terrence W. Boyle and faces up to
three years in prison and a fine of $100,000 at sentencing in August,
prosecutors say.

Baggett was charged earlier this year following an investigation that began last
year while federal agents were looking into allegations of fraud at Learning
Links.

Baggett worked as medical director for Learning Links, according to the
government.

The investigation into Learning Links ended late last year after its owner,
Sandra Elliott, was sentenced to a decade in prison and ordered to pay nearly
$1.9 million in restitution.

Elliott pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting health care fraud following the
joint federal and state investigation into the company, which opened in 2006.
She received the maximum prison term allowed under her charge.

The company, which claimed to provide early intervention treatment for children
with developmental delays, anger problems and other special needs, operated
three locations in Fayetteville, one in Dunn and had plans to open others,
according to Holding's office.

The company relied on payment from government-run benefit programs, but
investigators said that some children who allegedly received services weren't in
the state on the billed date of service or were billed for several months after
ending treatment.

According to investigators, the total fraud was calculated to be nearly $2
million, with $1,172,647 in losses attributed to the Tricare program and
$712,548 in losses attributed to Medicaid.

Investigators discovered the fraud in 2009, when a search of Learning Links
locations confirmed that the centers employed unlicensed personnel, provided
unwarranted therapy and billed for services not rendered.

Staff writer Drew Brooks can be reached at brooksd@fayobserver.com or 486-3567.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110518-FY-Fayetteville-preacher-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-0518-20110518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          January 15, 1997, Wednesday

COURTHOUSE SONG & DANCE
COP'S TAX-EVASION TRIAL A ZINGER

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH and STEPHEN McFARLAND

SECTION: News; Pg.  5

LENGTH: 376 words


A city cop who failed to convince the IRS that he is exempt from the income tax
went to trial yesterday on tax-evasion charges and tried to arrest the judge.

That stroke of genius didn't work any better.

Officer Adalberto Miranda barraged Manhattan Federal Judge Denny Chin with
pseudo-legal babble so insistently that he was finally removed from the
courtroom by U.S. marshals.

"Mr. Miranda, I don't know what is going on in your head," sighed an exasperated
Chin. "I don't know who is giving you these ideas."

Miranda is one of 15 current and former cops busted in July for contending that
the government has no right to tax them. At the time, Mayor Giuliani announced
that as many as 700 more city workers have sought to pull the same scam.

Eight of the cops have pleaded guilty to tax evasion. Miranda and six others
chose to take their chances with juries. One of the cops has been convicted.

All have claimed that the U.S. Constitution forbids the taxation of wage
earners. Phrasing their arguments in fractured courthouse-ese, each has
described himself as "an American man now in an area known geographically as New
York" and has denied being a citizen.

Minutes after Miranda's trial kicked off yesterday, the cop announced that he
was dismissing Chin from the case.

As the judge attempted to swear in the jury, Miranda rose to declare that he "no
longer recognized" his attorney, Edward Panzer, and that he also had decided
Chin was unfit to hear his arguments.

"You are emotionally upset, and your mental temperament is impaired, so I recuse
you," Miranda said.

He then launched a tirade of broken lawyerspeak, demanding that Chin sign a
"reaffirmation of oath" and then tried to arrest him.

"You have the right to remain silent," he advised the judge.

"Mr. Miranda, please," Chin said.

"Your judgment is impaired, and I recuse you," Miranda said.

Panzer asked for a mistrial. But Chin indicating that he suspected Miranda's
bizarre performance was merely to foreshadow a group-defense strategy on the
part of the other accused cops said nothing doing.

Instead, he ordered the marshals to remove Miranda to an adjoining room, from
which he could listen to the rest of the trial on headphones.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 2, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Federal Judge Narrows Case Against Flake

BYLINE: By M. A. FARBER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 826 words


A Federal judge substantially narrowed the prosecution's embezzlement and tax
evasion case yesterday against the Rev. Floyd H. Flake and his wife, Margarett,
and indicated that he might dismiss all charges against Mrs. Flake.

The rulings and remarks from the bench by Judge Eugene H. Nickerson, who is
presiding over the four-week-old trial in Federal District Court in Brooklyn,
were so broad that jubilant defense lawyers said the case had been "gutted,"
apparently leaving the jury to decide only relatively minor tax charges.

The United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York, Andrew J.
Maloney, whose office brought the case, said in an interview yesterday that he
would "not argue with that interpretation." He said prosecutors had no regrets
in bringing the case against the Flakes -- "we think it's a good case" -- but
were now "considering our options."

A Ministerial Account

Mr. Flake, a United States Representative from Queens as well as pastor of the
Allen African Methodist Episcopal Church, and his wife are charged with 17
counts of conspiracy, embezzlement, tax evasion and filing false official
statements. The Government contends that Mr. and Mrs. Flake evaded taxes on
$228,000, which was deposited in a ministerial expenses fund that prosecutors
say was a "sham" account to conceal personal expenditures.

The defendants have denied any wrongdoing. Their lawyers assert that if the
Flakes made any mistakes on their taxes, they were unintentional and the matter
should have been resolved by the Internal Revenue Service without a criminal
prosecution.

Yesterday, with only one Government witness left to testify, Judge Nickerson
said he was "concerned" about continuing the case against Mrs. Flake. Although
she signed joint tax returns with her husband, she did not, according to the
testimony, help prepare them. Few witnesses have said they even talked to Mrs.
Flake about matters relevant to the case.

Judge Nickerson scheduled argument for today on whether there was "sufficient
evidence to hold" Mrs. Flake in the case. And he asked prosecutors to address
the question of whether, if he dismisses all charges against Mrs. Flake, he must
also throw out the conspiracy count against her husband, the only named
co-conspirator.

The prosecution's case against both the Flakes has appeared weak from the start,
with all but a few of the witnesses saying they were ignorant of how the
ministerial expenses fund was handled. On cross-examination, most of the
witnesses, including a number who held senior positions at the Allen Church, had
nothing but good to say about the 46-year-old pastor and his 42-year-old wife.

In his opening statement, Mrs. Flake's lawyer, Theodore Wells, said this was "a
strange case," with the "strangest" element being Mrs. Flake's indictment. Mr.
Wells and Mr. Flake's lawyer, Gustave H. Newman, have speculated that Mrs. Flake
was indicted only in an effort by the Government to pressure Mr. Flake into
pleading guilty. Yesterday, Mr. Wells said "the entire house of cards has
collapsed" for the prosecution.

On Thursday, Judge Nickerson indicated that prosecutors were on shaky grounds
with the embezzlement and false-filing charges against the Flakes. Those
charges, he said, hinged on whether the ministerial expenses fund was really a
personal account of the Flakes in which all deposits were subject to taxation,
as the Government asserted, or was an official church account, as the defense
maintained, from which some personal expenditures might have been taxable. The
evidence, the judge said, was that it was a church account.

Yesterday, Judge Nickerson made it formal, ruling that the fund was a church
account. Because Federal law, unlike state law, does not cover embezzlement from
a church account, the embezzlement and false-filing counts against the Flakes
are almost certain to be dropped this week.

A Defense Calculation

The ruling had another devastating impact: it barred prosecutors from trying to
show the jury that the Flakes had evaded taxes on all but an estimated $50,550,
or 22 percent, of the $228,000 that went into the ministerial expenses fund. The
$50,550 -- including allowances and Christmas and vacation bonuses -- was a
defense calculation of taxable but unreported income by the Flakes between 1983
and 1988, the years covered by the indictment

Mr. Newman, Mr. Flake's lawyer, estimated that under the worst of circumstances
Mr. and Mrs. Flake might owe the I.R.S. $15,000. "Nobody," he said outside the
court, "has ever heard of a criminal case brought over $15,000."

The last prosecution witness, who was ready to take the stand yesterday, is
scheduled to be an analyst from the I.R.S. But Judge Nickerson said the analyst
could not testify until the prosecution removed from charts or reduced most of
the figures the analyst was going to explain.

It was unclear whether the defense intends to call any witnesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday

Pawcatuck man acquitted in federal tax evasion case

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 231 words


June 10--A Pawcatuck businessman who had been charged with failing to pay taxes
on more than $1.2 million in income was found not guilty Monday in U.S. District
court.

Pierce Hall, co-owner of Allied Snow Plow and New England Construction, had been
charged with filing false tax returns for the years 2003 and 2004. The
government alleged he under-reported his income by $524,294 in 2003 and $745,000
in 2004. He faced up to six years in prison if convicted.

During a nine-day trial before U.S. District Judge Vanessa L. Bryant, Hall
testified he paid approximately $100,000 to a bookkeeper and accountant to
handle business records while he worked in the field, according to his attorney,
Jeremiah Donovan. A jury deliberated about two hours Monday before returning the
not guilty verdicts.

"Through no intent whatsoever, one of their accounts was not put into Quick
Books (accounting software)," Donovan said. "What he'll do now is what he wanted
to do years ago, sit down and reach an agreement with the IRS as to what is
owed."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Neeraj Patel and senior attorney Richard Schecter had
prosecuted the case.

"As always, we respect the jury's verdict," said a statement from the U.S.
Attorney's office.

k.florin@theday.com

Twitter: @KFLORIN

___ (c)2015 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150610-NL-Pawcatuck-man-acquitted-in-federal-tax-evasion
-case-0610-20150610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2015 The Day


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

Torres sets American mark in 50-meter butterfly

BYLINE: Wire services

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 587 words


Dara Torres' last-minute decision to try the 50-meter butterfly turned out
better than she imagined.

Torres set an American record Friday morning, then improved that time in the
evening final at the Texas Senior Circuit No. 2 meet at Texas A&M.

The 42-year-old Torres, who won three silver medals in Beijing last summer, says
she's hardly worked on the butterfly since 2000. She only entered the event on
Thursday because she's been fighting a bronchial infection and didn't think she
had the stamina to compete in the 100 free and withdrew.

But Torres breezed to victory in the 50 fly, touching the wall in 25.72 seconds
to beat her record time of 25.84 seconds from the morning preliminaries.

"I really wasn't expecting to even go that fast," she said. "Sometimes, when you
don't expect to do anything, good things happen. You don't put so much pressure
on yourself."

Both her times beat Jenny Thompson's American record of 26.00 seconds, set in
Barcelona in 2003. Marleen Veldhuis of the Netherlands set the world record of
25.33 seconds in April.

Motorsports

Federal prosecutors in Miami dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge
against two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister,
clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened to derail
his career. Castroneves, 34 and one of the favorites for Sunday's Indy 500, and
his 35-year-old sister Katiucia, were acquitted of other tax evasion charges by
a jury April 17.

Football

O.J. Simpson has switched lawyers on the eve of his appeal to the Nevada Supreme
Court to reverse his conviction in an armed hotel room heist, his former
attorney said. Las Vegas attorney Gabriel Grasso said he had been replaced by
Malcolm Lavergne, a move he attributed to an unspecified rift with Simpson's
longtime Miami-based lawyer, Yale Galanter. Simpson, 61, is serving nine to 33
years in Lovelock State Prison.

Tennis

Jelena Dokic's father was charged with threatening the Australian ambassador in
Belgrade, Serbia. Police found rifles and hand grenades during the search of his
house. Damir Dokic could face up to eight years in prison for "endangering
security" of the ambassador and unlawful possession of weapons, his lawyer,
Bosiljka Djukic, told The Associated Press. Dokic was arrested after he
reportedly said he would blow up Ambassador Clair Birgin's car if she did not
stop negative articles about him from being published in Australia. Jelena Dokic
had given interviews to Australian media, saying her father had beaten her.


     ·    Romanian qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru upset sixth-seeded Daniela
          Hantuchova 6-4, 6-7 (2), 6-1 to advance to the final of the Warsaw
          Open.


Dulgheru will face eighth-seeded Alona Bondarenko of Ukraine in the final today.
Bondarenko defeated Anne Keothavong 6-2, 7-5.

Basketball

Former Atlanta Hawks and Stanford swingman Josh Childress asserted that violence
he witnessed in the stands while playing in Greece's top professional league
won't influence his decision on whether to stay in Europe for another season.
"Yes, there was unnecessary violence. It obviously doesn't help the game,"
Childress said. "It doesn't help the players, but that will not have an effect
on my decision about where I play next year."

On Thursday night, the opening game of the Greek finals was interrupted for
nearly 20 minutes with 1:25 to play. Olympiakos fans threw a flare, plastic
bottles and other items at Panathinaikos' bench during a timeout, sending the
players scampering for safety. A timekeeper was slightly injured.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ernst & Young partners indicted;
Four face charges over marketing of tax shelters

BYLINE: Edward Iwata

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 429 words


In a long-running federal crackdown on tax fraud, four current and former Ernst
& Young tax partners were indicted Wednesday on suspected tax evasion and other
charges for marketing tax shelters to wealthy clients.

The men were charged with eight counts of tax evasion, conspiracy to defraud the
Internal Revenue Service and other charges.

The indictment named Martin Nissenbaum, 51, of Brooklyn, a well-known financial
author and Ernst & Young tax partner; Robert Coplan, 54, of Plano, Texas, a
former Ernst & Young tax partner and former IRS branch chief; Richard Shapiro,
58, of Rye Brook, N.Y., an Ernst & Young tax partner; and Brian Vaughn, 39, of
Calhoun, La., a former Ernst & Young tax partner.

All four pleaded not guilty in federal court on Wednesday.

Nissenbaum is the co-author of several popular books, including Ernst & Young's
Personal Financial Planning Guide and Ernst & Young's Retirement Planning Guide.
He has been widely quoted in the media, including USA TODAY.

The men schemed to sell fraudulent tax shelters from 1998 to 2004 to rich
individuals with more than $10 million in taxable income, said U.S. Attorney
Michael Garcia in New York and acting IRS Commissioner Kevin Brown.

Within the firm, the group called itself VIPER -- for "Value Ideas Produce
Extraordinary Results."

According to the indictment, the men used clients' letters and other documents
to make it appear that the tax shelters were legitimate investments meant to
create trading profits, rather than tax losses.

The indictment also charges that Coplan, Nissenbaum, Shapiro and eight other
Ernst & Young partners used a tax shelter in 2000 to eliminate $3.7 million of
their taxes.

In a statement, Nissenbaum's attorneys, Brian Linder and Charles Clayman, said
they gave the government evidence "that Mr. Nissenbaum did not engage in any
unlawful activity. Mr. Nissenbaum expects to be acquitted at trial of these
unwarranted charges."

Attorneys for the other men could not be reached for comment.

Ernst & Young spokesman Charles Perkins told Bloomberg News that the men were
"part of a small group within the firm, disbanded years ago," that developed the
transactions. Ernst & Young changed its tax practices in a 2003 agreement with
the IRS, he said.

The federal government has targeted questionable tax shelters. In 2003, Ernst &
Young agreed to pay $15 million to settle an IRS probe into questionable tax
shelters. Last year, KPMG paid $460 million and admitted to fraudulent acts in
the marketing of some tax shelters. Sixteen former KPMG executives face a
criminal trial later this year.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 17, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY CRACKS DOWN ON TAX CHEATS WHO CALL THEIR 2d HOUSES HOME

BYLINE: By BRUCE LAMBERT

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 808 words


A judge, a television personality, corporate executives and government employees
are among 145 New York City residents caught evading the city income tax by
falsely claiming resort homes on Long Island as their primary residences, the
authorities said yesterday.

''Ultimately, this will involve tens of millions of dollars'' and thousands of
cases, the city Finance Commissioner, Abraham Biderman, said. ''For those who
have not been paying their taxes, the vacation is now over.''

The investigation, officially dubbed the Vacation Hideaway Project, is a joint
effort of city and state tax auditors. The biggest catch so far was one evader
with a $2.5 million annual income who owed $348,000 in city taxes, penalties and
interest for 1982 and 1983, the officials said. They said the 145 evaders agreed
to pay sums that averaged $10,000. Another 10 accused of evading taxes are
contesting the decision.

No Names Released

None of the names on the list were released by officials, who cited
confidentiality provisions of the tax laws. A few cases are being turned over to
District Attorneys and the Attorney General for possible prosecution, Mr.
Biderman said, and the name of anyone indicted would become public. He said
criminal tax-evasion cases are hard to prosecute, however, because intent must
be proved.

Nearly 2,000 additional cases, almost all involving people who say they live on
the East End of Long Island, are under review, the officials said. Mr. Biderman
said that target was chosen as ''a very fertile area.''

''We found it hard to believe that so many people were commuting to and from
places like East Hampton every day,'' he said, ''and indeed they were not.''

Different Tax Rates

Commuters who do not live in the city are taxed only on their wages and
salaries, while city residents are also taxed on unearned income. Tax rates are
also higher for residents, rising as high as 4.3 percent, while commuters pay
0.45 percent on wages and 0.65 percent on self-employment income.

For example, someone with an income of $65,000 in wages and $10,000 in interest
would pay $2,285 in city taxes as a resident but only $292.50 as a nonresident.

Residency laws are complex, but officials said that anyone who spends more than
183 nights a year in the city is legally counted as a resident.

Officials expect to uncover thousands more violators as the investigation
expands to upstate counties, Connecticut and New Jersey. Those falsely listing
out-of-state addresses as their permanent residences would be evading New York
State as well as city taxes.

''To those tax cheats out there, get to us before we get to you - if you don't,
our next press conference may be about you,'' said the State Taxation and
Finance Commissioner, Roderick G. W. Chu. He announced the audit crackdown with
Mr. Biderman and Mayor Koch at City Hall.

''Some people think it's fashionable to cheat on their taxes,'' Mr. Koch said.
It's not - it's selfish, immoral and against the law. Tax evasion is not a
victimless crime. It means fewer cops on the beat, more homeless on the street
and higher taxes for noncheaters.

''We intend to make sure that everybody pays his fair share. We're not going to
let millionaires use posh Hampton estates as hideaways for tax evasion.''

The investigation, conceived by a member of the city's auditing staff, Marvin
Goldstein, started with a computerized list of all those who worked in the city
and paid city income taxes. Home addresses were checked for zip codes from the
East End, Mr. Biderman said, and a list was compiled of people who said they had
their principal residences there but worked most of the year in the city. #2,113
Questionnaires Sent A questionnaire was then sent by the city to 2,113 people on
the list. They were asked if they had another residence in the city, how many
days a year they spent out of the city, where their children went to school, and
whether they had a rent-controlled apartment.

''A lot of them, as soon as they got a call, they said, 'You know what, I think
we made a mistake,' '' Mr. Biderman said.

Of the first 185 cases audited, 30 were ascertained to be legitimate
long-distance commuters and 10 are contesting the city's claims as to their true
residence. But 145 admitted they were city residents and agreed to pay.

The delinquent residents were assessed $1.6 million in taxes, penalties and
interest for 1982-83. They are also amending their returns to pay corrected
taxes for the years since then, the officials said.

Among those caught were accountants, bankers, doctors, lawyers, professors, and
employees of local, state and Federal government - ''pillars of their
community,'' Mr. Biderman said. The average income of the group was $133,000,
and 80 percent turned out to live in Manhattan. The rest were scattered in the
other boroughs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

LENGTH: 581 words


South Carolina

Possible deaths reported in church shooting

A shooter opened fire on Wednesday at a church in Charleston and was still at
large, a police official said, following media reports of possible fatalities in
the attack.

Charleston Police Department spokesman Charles Francis said the shooting
occurred at the Emanuel AME Church around 9 p.m.

ABC News reported that police were looking for 21-year-old white man with a
slender build wearing a gray hoodie, blue jeans and Timberland boots. CNN
reported that a person fitting the description was taken into custody.

The website for the church said it has one of the largest and oldest black
congregations in the region.

CALIFORNIA

Marine guilty of murder in retrial for 2006 killing

CAMP PENDLETON "" A military jury has found a Marine sergeant guilty of murder
in the retrial of a major Iraq war-crimes case involving the 2006 killing of a
retired Iraqi policeman.

The jury of three enlisted men and three military officers deliberated for more
than three hours Wednesday before reaching a verdict in the case of Sgt.
Lawrence Hutchins III.

The defense argued the military inquiry was shoddy and did not support the
allegations that Hutchins and his squad killed 52-year-old Hashim Ibrahim Awad
from the village of Hamdania, and then planted an AK-47 rifle next to his body
to make it look like he was an insurgent.

Military courts overturned Hutchins' conviction twice, ruling there were errors
in the handling of his case. He served more than half of his 11-year sentence.

TENNESSEE

Feds charge state rep with fraud, tax evasion

NASHVILLE "" Democratic state Rep. Joe Armstrong of Knoxville was indicted
Wednesday on federal fraud and tax evasion charges connected to an increase in
the state's cigarette tax in 2007.

The indictment filed Tuesday in U.S. District Court alleges that Armstrong
devised a scheme beginning in 2006 to profit from the cigarette tax hike planned
by then-Gov. Phil Bredesen.

According to the charges, Armstrong bought tax stamps at the old 20-cent rate
and then sold them at a profit after lawmakers voted to increase the tax to 62
cents per pack. The lawsuit says Armstrong failed to report more than $318,000
in income from the scheme.

OHIO

Woman gets probation over son in cheetah pit

CLEVELAND "" A woman who dropped her toddler into a Cleveland zoo's cheetah pit
has been sentenced to a year of probation that includes counseling and parenting
classes.

Michelle Schwab, of Delaware, Ohio, was sentenced Wednesday. She was charged
with child endangering because authorities said she dangled her 2-year-old son
over the railing of the zoo's cheetah exhibit in April. The boy lunged from her
and fell about 10 feet.

Schwab and her husband jumped into the exhibit to retrieve the boy, who broke
his leg. Cleveland Metroparks Zoo officials say the cheetahs didn't approach the
family.

ALABAMA

2 officers allegedly belong to hate group

ANNISTON "" City officials say two police lieutenants are on administrative
leave during an investigation into amid that they belong to a hate group.

An article the Southern Poverty Law Center posted on its HateWatch blog
Wednesday says lieutenants Josh Doggrell and Wayne Brown are members of the
League of the South.

The SPLC says the organization is a neo-confederate group. The organization's
website says opposition to federal law, racial and gender equality, and a
"vision for an independent Southern republic" are among its core beliefs.

"" Wire reports

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Hawaii: Former Utah Chiropractor Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 299  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The Justice Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced that
today Douglas R. Madsen, a former chiropractor from Ephraim, Utah, was sentenced
by the U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups to 33 months in prison and
resitutition of over $500,000 following a conviction for attempted evasion of
payment of income tax in the District of Utah.

On Jan. 12, 2012, a jury convicted Madsen of one count of tax evasion.
According to court documents, Madsen owed approximately $1.3 million in assessed
income tax, interest and penalties for the years 1995 and 1999 to 2004.
Madsen's tax debt had grown, by the trial date, to over $1.7 million, after
accrued interest.

The evidence presented at trial established that Madsen used nominee trusts to
conceal the ownership of numerous acres of property, ultimately causing the
transfer of that property to Grand Scale Inc., a Washington state corporation of
which he was the president, vice president, secretary, treasurer and chairman of
the board.   In addition, the evidence showed that Madsen used other entities to
encumber property and cloud equity in that property through use of mortgages and
Uniform Commercial Code financing statements.   Madsen was previously held in
civil contempt by the U.S. District Court for the District of Utah for failure
to comply with court orders with respect to an IRS summons.

Assistant Attorney General for the Justice Department's Tax Division Kathryn
Keneally commended the efforts of Tax Division Trial Attorneys Jennifer R.
Laraia and Leslie A. Goemaat, who prosecuted the case, and special agents of IRS
- Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Former Albany anesthesiologist takes stand in tax evasion trial

BYLINE: J.D. Sumner, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


June 05--ALBANY, Ga. -- A former Albany anesthesiologist already plagued by
legal issues in state court took the stand in federal court Wednesday to defend
himself against an indictment contending he evaded paying taxes and defrauded
the federal government.

Dr. Robert Sperrazza has pleaded not guilty to a five-count indictment brought
by the U.S. Attorney's Office that charges he intentionally misreported
information on tax returns going back to 2005 and that he intentionally
structured cash withdrawals from a corporate account to avoid reporting
requirements by the bank to the Internal Revenue Service.

On Wednesday, Sperrazza took the stand in his own defense, testifying that while
he did routinely cash large sums of cash -- in varying amounts between $3,000
and $9,900 -- it was only on the advice of a bank manager.

Since Sept. 11, 2001, U.S. law requires banks to note anyone who withdraws more
than $10,000 in cash. Any attempt to intentionally skirt that reporting
requirement by regularly withdrawing amounts under $10,000 runs afoul of federal
statutes.

Sperrazza also testified that he remembers being given slips by bank officials
documenting the cash withdrawals, but over the course of several residential
moves -- and possibly during the many visits of federal agents through his
property, he said -- the slips have been misplaced.

Sperrazza, once Palmyra Medical Centers' only anesthesiologist and the founder
of Southwest Georgia Anesthesiologists LLC., now lives in Panama City Beach,
Fla., where he enjoys limited medical privileges after being placed on
suspension and probation by the Florida medical board in 2011.

He pleaded guilty to misdemeanor counts related to improper possession of
prescription drugs in Dougherty Superior Court in 2012 in which he was sentenced
to 12 months probation.

If convicted of the federal charges, Sperrazza is facing federal prison time.

___ (c)2013 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130605-1AH-Former-Albany-anesthesiologist-takes-stand-in-tax-evasion
-trial-0605-20130605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2013


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Duluth woman charged with 8 felonies for tax evasion

BYLINE: Mark Stodghill, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


April 11--With April 15 around the corner, the Minnesota Department of Revenue
issued a news release Tuesday announcing that a Duluth woman has been charged
with eight felony crimes for failing to pay income taxes and filing false or
fraudulent returns.

Pattie Lyn Fralich-Peterson, 51, is accused of filing the fraudulent returns for
tax years 2005 through 2008.

Fralich-Peterson is scheduled to make her first appearance in State District
Court in Duluth on April 24. She has no criminal record in Minnesota or
Wisconsin, according to court records. She has had eight conciliation court
cases filed against her in Minnesota. She couldn't be reached for comment.

According to the criminal complaint: A revenue tax specialist completed an
investigation of Fralich-Peterson on Aug. 16, 2010. The investigator alleged
that Fralich-Peterson substantially overstated her income tax withholdings by
her employer and underpaid her Minnesota income taxes for four years. The total
overstatement of state withholding is alleged to be $6,452, causing her to
receive larger refunds than she was entitled to.

Between Jan. 20 and Jan. 23 of this year, a special agent with the Revenue
Department criminal investigation division contacted Fralich-Peterson by
telephone. The complaint alleges that she admitted to preparing the tax returns
in question herself and filing them over the Internet. She admitted that the
discrepancies between the withholding shown on her income tax returns and the
withholding shown on her W-2s were substantial. She said she couldn't explain
why there were substantial differences between the tax returns and the W-2s, why
there were similar errors on each of her tax returns for 2004-2008, nor why all
of the errors were in her favor.

The Minnesota Department of Revenue has a 24-hour tip line for anyone who
suspects an individual or business is violating tax laws at (651) 297-5195 or
(800) 657-3500. Tipsters may remain anonymous and also can e-mail the department
at tax.fraud@state.mn.us Last year, citizen tips resulted in 89 percent of the
department's case referrals.

In its news release, the revenue department said: "While most taxpayers comply
with tax laws voluntarily, the Minnesota Department of Revenue takes progressive
enforcement action against noncompliant taxpayers ensuring tax laws are fairly
administered, collecting no more and no less than taxpayers owe."

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120411-DU-Duluth-woman-charged-with-8-felonies-for-tax-evasion
-0411-20120411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

Woman pleads guilty to tax evasion;

BYLINE: LORI PILGER

SECTION: NEBRASKA; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 286 words


The wife of a former North Platte doctor has pleaded guilty to felony tax
evasion as part of a plea agreement that involves nearly $1 million in
restitution.

Susan Baisden-Koning is set for sentencing in October, when she could get as
many as five years in prison.

"I believe it's the right thing to do," she said when asked why she was entering
the plea.

The indictment says she and her husband, Dr. Michael Koning, and her brother,
Lowell Baisden, a former California CPA who since has lost his license, were
behind a scheme to cheat the IRS of more than $1.5 million in taxes by
concealing Koning's income and by helping other North Platte residents do the
same.

Her husband and brother were indicted along with her in 2009 and are set for
trial in August. Lowell Baisden also was indicted twice more in 2010 on
allegations involving North Platte couples Dr. Michael and Deanna Trierweiler
and Drs. Walter and Deborah Weaver.

At the hearing Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Lincoln, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Steven Russell said Baisden-Koning and her husband, then an
anesthesiologist in North Platte, claimed to live in Colorado on their 2003 tax
return.

In the same return, he said, the couple also failed to report Koning's wages of
$935,959 at Anesthesia Consultants of Nebraska Inc. in North Platte.

While Baisden-Koning's plea was to a single count of tax evasion that year,
Russell said the conduct went on from 1999 to 2003, and the criminal tax loss
amounted to $989,000.

She and her husband no longer live in Nebraska.

A lawsuit they filed against Baisden in 2008 accusing him of accounting
malpractice has been stayed pending the criminal proceedings.

Reach Lori Pilger at 402-473-7237 or lpilger@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            December 2, 2011 Friday

Sports digest: Extra roles openfor Socorro film

BYLINE: Times staff reports

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 369 words


The filmmakers of the 2009 Socorro state high school baseball champions will
conduct a second casting call for the movie Saturday at the Socorro High School
auditorium, 10150 Alameda.

Starting at 10 a.m., producer Jess Araujo and a production crew will conduct
screening tests.

Anyone interested -- experienced or aspiring actors -- are encouraged to
participate and bring rcsumcs. Justicia Productions officials said they will see
everyone who attends.

Producers are looking for supporting role actors and extras. Most of the main
positions were filled in August, many by the Socorro players themselves.

"We want to make this an El Paso and Socorro project," Araujo said. "This is a
story about a remarkable coach and an extraordinary team that achieved the
incredible goal.

"This story must and will be told."

There is no timetable yet for when filming will begin. The movie is still in the
pre-production phase.

Diablos set to start season in May

The El Paso Diablos baseball team has released its 2012 schedule, a 100-game
season in the American Association of Independent Professional Baseball that
begins May 17 and will run through Sept. 3.

This year's schedule will also feature a mix with the Canadian American League,
bringing the Worcester (Mass.) Tornadoes to Cohen Stadium for a July 7-10
homestand. The Diablos home schedule will include nine Fridays, nine Saturdays
and eight Sundays.

Discounted season tickets, weekend tickets and flex pack ticket specials are now
on sale.

Information: diablos.com; 755-2000.

3 Indios officials sought for tax evasion

Three top managers of the Juárez Indios soccer team have been charged with tax
evasion, Mexico's General Prosecutor's Office (PGR) said Thursday.

In a press release, the PGR said that there is an arrest warrant for the three
over fraudulent practices when outsourcing, according to the Associated Press.

The PGR did not release the names of those charged. However, they did say that
the three have been charged with tax evasion for $99,000.

In 2009, when the Indios were in the Primera Divisicn (division one), the coach
was Uruguayan Hcctor Hugo Eugui, who left the team in 2010. After that, the
Indios dropped to a lower division after three years in the top tier.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania

                            October 10, 2005, Monday

Exeter resident indicted for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Dan Kelly

LENGTH: 432 words



A 71-year-old Exeter Township man who allegedly swindled $ 15 million from a
Florida man has been indicted for tax evasion.

Thomas E. Mason, formerly of the first block of Scotland Drive, filed a tax
return Feb. 20, 2001, that grossly understated his actual income, according to
court records.

Internal Revenue Service agents said Mason reported his 2000 annual income at $
21,295 when he actually had deposited $ 15 million that he allegedly swindled
from Randy E. Stelk of Ponte Vedra, Fla., into his personal accounts.

Separately, Stelk is awaiting trial on charges that he stole the money that was
given to Mason.

According to records, Mason told Stelk he could guarantee huge returns on
investments in overseas charity projects but they required that large sums be
invested, records show.

After instructing Stelk to wire the $ 15 million to a Wachovia Bank account in
Mason and Stelk's names, Mason simply transferred the money to his own accounts
in the bank, according to court records.

Mason was unavailable for comment.

After repeatedly demanding that his money be returned, Stelk sued Mason in U.S.
District Court in Philadelphia on Oct. 4, 2000, asking a judge to order Mason to
refund the money.

A judge imprisoned Mason for contempt of court on May 25, 2001, for failing to
return the money despite promising to do so in several different hearings. Mason
remained in the Federal Detention Center in Philadelphia for 32 months until he
finally agreed to have a $ 7 million judgment entered against him in federal
court.

Mason also agreed to sell his home in Exeter and return thousands of dollars he
gave to his wife and children as gifts.

Investigators said the IRS and FBI launched an investigation of Mason's finances
after they learned of the lawsuit Stelk filed against Mason.

Meanwhile, Stelk was arrested in Florida and charged with stealing the $ 15
million he gave to Mason from Future First Financial, a Florida insurance
company where he was president.

Stelk is charged with aggravated white-collar crime, racketeering and three
counts of grand theft. He is in prison awaiting trial. He is being held on $ 10
million bail. He was unavailable for comment.


-----

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Reading Eagle, Pa.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: RE-TAX-EVASION-20051010

JOURNAL-CODE: RE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Bay Area Doctor Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of
California has issued the following news release:



  Dr. John Compagno pleaded guilty today to tax evasion announced United States
Attorney Brian J. Stretch and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation,
Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.





 According to the plea agreement, Compagno, 70, of Napa, Calif., is a medical
physician specializing in Pathology.  Compagno is the owner and operator of
three corporations located in Hercules, Calif., including John Compagno, M.D.,
Inc., West Coast Pathology Laboratory, Inc., and Histopathology Reference
Laboratory, Inc.  In his plea agreement, Compagno admitted he submitted both
corporate and individual tax returns that understated his liability to the IRS.



 For the tax years 2005 through 2011, Compagno caused a corporate tax return
preparer to overstate the amount of expenses on the corporate tax return by
including non-deductible expenses.  Because the amounts of non-deductible
expenses were overstated, the amount of income taxes due were understated.
Compagno approved and signed the corporate tax returns.  The amounts of
non-deductible expenses included during each year are as follows:







 Tax Year





 Amount of



 Non-Deductible



 Expenses Included













 Additional Tax Due







 2005





 $407,714





 $138,623



 2006





 $722,644





 $248,814



 2007





 $1,712,621





 $601,235,



 2008





 $2,511,211





 $737,848



 2009





 $2,640,726





 $916,547



 2010





 $1,090,799





 $646,063



 2011





 $1,593,365





 $569,930



 Total





 $10,679,080





 $3,859,060







 In addition, Compagno omitted constructive dividends from his 2006 through 2011
individual income tax returns.  This resulted in additional tax due as follows:







 Tax Year





 Amount of



 Constructive Dividends Omitted













 Additional Tax Due



 2006





 $706,736





 $118,812



 2007





 $1,657,324





 $264,449



 2008





 $2,359,000





 $307,732



 2009





 $2,411,547





 $345,827



 2010





 $1,833,674





 $287,558



 2011





 $1,536,810





 $242,801



 Total





 $10,505,091





 $1,567,179







 In sum, Compagno acknowledged in his plea agreement he owes over $5.4 million
in unpaid taxes.  Compagno was charged by Information filed November 16, 2016,
with one count of tax evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201.  In today's
plea agreement, he pleaded guilty to knowingly and willfully filing with the IRS
a false 2010 corporate tax return.



 Compagno is scheduled to be sentenced on March 28, 2017, at 2:00 p.m., before
the Honorable William Alsup, U.S. District Judge.  The maximum sentence for tax
evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five years in prison and a fine of
$250,000.  However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by the
court only after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.



 Assistant U.S. Attorney Thomas Moore is prosecuting the case.  The prosecution
is the result of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former University of Miami Director of Finance Sentenced for Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A former University of Miami Director of Finance was sentenced to 37 months in
prison, to be followed by 1 year of supervised release for committing tax
evasion and failing to report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) $2.3 million
that she embezzled from the university.



 Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and Kelly R. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), made the announcement.

 Kimberly Jean Miller, 58, previously pled guilty to four counts of tax evasion,
in violation of Title 26, United States Code, Section 7201.

 According to court documents, from 2002 until 2012, Miller was the director of
finance at the University of Miami's Rosensteil School of Marine and Atmospheric
Science (RSMAS). The defendant's job responsibilities included overseeing the
payment of RSMAS's vendor invoices. Between 2002 and 2012, Miller used her
authority at RSMAS to embezzle $2.3 million from the University of Miami by
falsifying invoices from a vendor called International Assets. Specifically,
Miller altered the International Assets invoices so that the company name would
appear as "Inter, Inc." and the checks would be mailed back to RSMAS, instead of
to International Assets directly. Miller then deposited the "Inter, Inc." checks
into a business bank account in the name Intercontinental Oceans, Inc., a
company Miller opened in 1993.

 Between 2008 and 2011, Miller prepared her own tax returns and knowingly failed
to report to the IRS the money she had unlawfully obtained through her
embezzlement scheme. Miller owes the IRS an additional $329,020 in income taxes
for her 2008 through 2011 tax returns.

 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of IRS-CI.  The case was
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amanda Perwin.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            August 14, 2004 Saturday
                                 South Edition

Prosecutors target Plymouth man;
Reject ruling by judge who didn't follow federal guidelines in gambling case

BYLINE: Sue Reinert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 645 words


The Patriot Ledger

Prosecutors want a harsher sentence for a Plymouth man convicted of hiding
profits from his gambling business. U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan's office has
appealed the two-year probation term given to Donald Willis for tax evasion.

The appeal comes while federal sentencing guidelines are in legal limbo after
the U.S. Supreme Court cast doubt on their validity and several judges,
including two in Boston, have rejected them.

U. S. District Judge Nancy Gertner, one of the judges who said last month she
will no longer follow the guidelines, ruled in January that Willis, 69,
qualified for leniency because of his age and poor health.

She ordered him to serve two years of probation with six months of the time in
home confinement, and repay $362,000 to the Internal Revenue Service.

Willis had faced a minimum of 21 months in prison under sentencing guidelines.

Willis pleaded guilty last year to four counts of tax evasion for failing to
report more than $955,000 in income from his sports gambling business.

He admitted leading a Waltham-based gambling operation that prosecutors said
raked in millions of dollars over 10 years. Three other men, including Willis'
brother, Paul, of Braintree, also pleaded guilty to federal charges, and seven
others have admitted offenses in state court.

All 11 were originally arraigned on state charges but federal prosecutors took
over four cases. Sullivan's spokeswoman, Samantha Martin, declined to comment on
the reason.

Only one of the convicted men has been sentenced to prison time. A federal judge
ordered George Chute of Dedham to serve 15 months in prison, pay a $400 fine,
return $53,000 to the government and serve one year of probation.

Chute admitted running the day to day operations of the gambling ring while
Willis directed the business, prosecutors said.

Willis' lawyer, Peter T. Elikann, said Willis' sentence met the federal
guidelines.

"We had requested a departure, which was granted due to severe health issues in
this man in his 70s," Elikann said.

Martin also declined comment on the Willis case.

Elikann submitted statements from Willis' doctors that his numerous ailments,
including high blood pressure, circulatory disease, lymphoma and arthritis,
could threaten his life without regular medical attention that he could not get
in prison.

In response, prosecutors called Willis' medical problems "moderate" and said the
prison system could take care of them. Government investigators also interviewed
Willis' doctors and reported that some of the physicians got their picture of
prison life from old movies and television.

Both sides' contentions made sense, Gertner wrote in her decision.

"The issue is one of degree," she said. Willis suffered from "an inordinate
number of potentially serious conditions" that would "invariably get worse,"
given his age, Gertner wrote.

He was not likely to reoffend, while a prison term "could be a death sentence,"
Gertner said. She deducted seven points from his offense level under the
guidelines in order to give him probation instead of prison.

Gertner sentenced Willis in January but did not issue a written decision until
June. Prosecutors appealed last month. Meanwhile, Willis has not started his
sentence, Elikann said. The First Circuit Court of Appeals is considering the
appeal in the midst of "a great deal of turmoil and uncertainty as to sentences
in federal court" because of the recent decisions, Elikann said.

In June, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that juries, not judges, must decide facts
that could increase felons' sentences. Since then, a number of judges, including
Gertner and U.S. District Court Chief Judge William Young, have called the
guidelines unconstitutional. The court is expected to hear two cases in October
that could bring a definitive decision on the guidelines, Elikann said. Sue
Reinert may be reached at sreinert@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 10, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Strawberry Pleads Guilty To Tax Charge

BYLINE: By ROBERT McG. THOMAS Jr.,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B;  Page 7;  Column 2;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: WHITE PLAINS, Feb. 9


Darryl Strawberry, who has been labeled in turn as a phenomenal baseball
prospect, an outstanding major league hitter, a violent husband and a persistent
drug abuser, became a convicted felon yesterday.

Standing meekly before a Federal judge in a courtroom here only three days after
being suspended from baseball and dropped by the San Francisco Giants for
renewed use of cocaine, the 32-year-old outfielder pleaded guilty to a single
count of tax evasion.

Strawberry, who was indicted in December on three counts of evasion and
conspiracy, entered the plea after negotiating an agreement designed to limit
his sentence to a three-month prison term followed by three months of home
confinement.

Had he been convicted on all three original counts he could have received as
much as 15 years in prison.

For Strawberry, who wore a conservative pinstriped suit, the only light moment
in an otherwise somber proceedings came when he entered the courtroom and was
asked where he had gotten his garish yellow tie.

"State prison," he said.

Strawberry, who otherwise declined requests for interviews before and after his
45-minute court appearance and a two-hour meeting with probation officers,
acknowledged that he had cheated the Government out of more than $100,000 by
knowingly failing to report more than $350,000 in income from autograph shows
and other promotional appearances from 1986 to 1990.

The agreement requires him to file corrected returns for all five years by Aug.
1 but does not explicitly require him to testify against his co-defendant, his
agent, Eric Goldschmidt, who is charged with participating in the tax fraud.

Accompanied by his pregnant wife, Charisse, and flanked by two lawyers,
Strawberry stood while Judge Barrington D. Parker questioned him closely about
his decision to waive his right to a trial and to plead guilty.

Yes, Strawberry, said, he had read and understood the five-page plea agreement.
Yes, he was satisfied with his lawyers and their advice. No, he had not been
promised anything not contained in the agreement, and yes, he knew the
implications of a guilty plea, that it could cost him his right to vote, his
right to hold elective office and his right to possess firearms.

Then, after assistant United States Attorney Carol L. Sipperly had outlined the
terms of the agreement and Parker had satisfied himself that the defendant had
indeed committed the crime he was charged with and knew what he was doing in
admitting it, Strawberry said, "I am guilty."

Although Parker made clear he was not bound by the agreement, he also indicated
that the specified penalties seemed to be within the binding Federal sentencing
guidelines. Barring an unexpectedly adverse probation report or other
development, he is expected to follow the agreement when he imposes sentence on
March 15.

If so, Strawberry will serve three months in prison, but it is unclear when the
sentence will begin. The agreement itself was silent on the issue, and
prosecutors said the ultimate decision would be up to the judge, but according
to recent reports on the plea negotiations, Strawberry had been assured he could
begin his term after the baseball season.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Darryl Strawberry entering Federal court in White Plains
yesterday, where he pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion. He will be
sentenced March 15. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 3, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PROSECUTOR SAYS RETRYING PISANI ON 10 OPEN CHARGES IS UNLIKELY

BYLINE: By PETER KERR

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 42, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 388 words


United States Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani said yesterday that his office was
unlikely to retry State Senator Joseph R. Pisani on 10 criminal counts that were
left unresolved late Friday by a jury that convicted the legislator on charges
of tax evasion and mail fraud.

''These convictions are more than enough to give the judge ability to impose an
adequate sentence,'' said Mr. Giuliani, the chief Federal prosecutor for the
Southern District of New York,

Mr. Pisani faces expulsion from his legislative seat, possible disbarment and a
lengthy prison sentence because of his conviction.

The verdict was delivered at the end of a five-week trial in Federal District
Court in Manhattan in which the prosecutors had argued that Mr. Pisani, a
Republican of New Rochelle, had embezzled money from the state, his campaign
funds and his former law firm.

The jury found the 54-year-old Mr. Pisani not guilty of 11 counts of the 39-
count indictment and guilty on 18 counts.

Mr. Pisani was convicted on nine counts of mail fraud involving fraudulent
filing of campaign funds, one count of mail fraud, involving the embezzlement of
thousands of dollars from his law firm and clients, and eight counts of tax
evasion and filing false returns.

Technically, Mr. Pisani could be sentenced to as much as 82 years in prison, a a
term that would be unusual for the charges.

Mr. Pisani's attorney, Robert Kasanof, said he would appeal the convictions.

Under state law, Mr. Pisani faces automatic expulsion from his Senate seat after
a felony conviction. He also faces the possibility of disbarment if the Federal
felony convictions are found to be equivalent to state charges. Mr. Pisani has
announced he would not seek re- election.

The jury reached its verdict after deliberating 34 hours over four days. Among
the counts on which the jury failed to find a verdict were charges Mr. Pisani
had used $20,000 in state funds to buy a summer house he shared with his friend
and co-defendant, Kathryn Godfrey.

Mrs. Godfrey, 54, of Manhattan, was was acquitted of one of three counts of
perjury. The prosecution said she had lied to the grand jury during its
investigation of the fraud and tax charges. The jury was deadlocked on the other
two counts against her.

The judge set Mr. Pisani's sentencing for June 14.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Alaska Plastic Surgeon Indicted on Tax Evasion Charges for Concealing
Bank Accounts in Panama and Costa Rica

LENGTH: 322  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The Justice Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today that a
federal grand jury in Anchorage, Alaska, returned a superseding indictment
yesterday charging Michael D. Brandner, an Anchorage physician specializing in
plastic surgery, on three counts of tax evasion.  Brandner has also been charged
with seven counts of wire fraud in an indictment returned in September 2013.

According to the superseding indictment, Brandner engaged in various activities
to evade his taxes for 2008, 2009 and 2010, including making false and
misleading statement to IRS special agents and filing false tax returns for each
of the three years.  In the three false returns, Brandner failed to report the
existence of financial accounts in Panama and Costa Rica over which he had
signature authority, and also failed to report foreign interest income of more
than $9,000 for 2008, more than $150,000 for 2009, and more than $150,000 for
2010.  The indictment also alleges that Brandner attempted to evade more than
$600,000 in federal income taxes over the three years.

According to court documents, Brandner engaged in a scheme to hide and conceal
millions of dollars of assets from the Alaska courts and from his wife of 28
years who was divorcing him.  Shortly after the divorce was filed, Brandner left
Alaska and drove to Central America after converting assets into five cashier's
checks worth over $3,000,000.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.  If
convicted, Brandner faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for each of the three tax evasion charges and a statutory maximum sentence of 20
years in prison for each of the seven wire fraud charges.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

HSBC India unit client faces US tax evasion charge

LENGTH: 119  words


A San Jose, California, man faces charges of tax evasion after failing to report
$1.3 million in interest income from HSBC Holdings' India unit, US prosecutors
said on Thursday. Ashvin Desai hid as much as $8.8 million during 2009 in the
India operations of the UK banking giant, prosecutors said. Desai did not report
the interest he earned from 2007 to 2009, and he did not report the existence of
his accounts to the US government, as he was required to do, they said. A
federal grand jury indicted Desai on Wednesday on three counts of tax evasion,
two counts of willfully aiding the preparation of materially false tax returns
and three counts of failing to report foreign accounts to the US Treasury
Department.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                               November 15, 2007

James Ortenzio Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

BYLINE: Azi Paybarah

LENGTH: 644 words


The former Manhattan Republican Chairman James Ortenzio just pleaded guilty to
tax evasion, according to the Manhattan District Attorney.

From a press release that just went out:

Mr. Morgenthau said that ORTENZIO's crimes occurred while he was the County
Chairman of the New York County Republican Committee. From 1999 to 2003,
ORTENZIO had served as the Chairman of the Hudson River Park Trust, a public
benefit corporation created to develop and maintain the Hudson River Park, which
stretches for about five miles along the Manhattan shoreline from Battery Place
to 59th Street.          Specifically, ORTENZIO was mandated by his position as
the Chairman of the County Republican Committee to file an Annual Statement of
Financial Disclosure with the New York State Ethics Commission.  In September of
2004, he was paid $100,000 by Fisher Brothers Management Co., located at 299
Park Avenue, New York, New York, for certain consulting services.

On June 13, 2005, ORTENZIO filed his calendar year 2004 Disclosure form, but
intentionally omitted his payment from Fisher Brothers Management in an effort
to prevent disclosing that he received the money.           Additionally, in
June of 2004, ORTENZIO was retained to arbitrate a business dispute involving
two companies that provide helicopter flight services in Manhattan, Air Pegasus
of New York, Inc. and Sightseeing Tours of America, Inc.  Both companies are
located on land belonging to the Hudson River Park Trust.  ORTENZIO was paid
approximately $80,000 in 2005 for his arbitration services.  Subsequently,
ORTENZIO filed false and fraudulent 2005 personal New York state tax returns by
intentionally failing to disclose the income received from his mediation
services.          Mr. Morgenthau said that the investigation leading to today's
guilty plea commenced in November of 2005.  Since then, the investigation has
resulted in several convictions.  On May 2, 2007, Dennis Pappas, former
Vice-President of Cipriani USA, pleaded guilty to Attempted Insurance Fraud in
the Second Degree for defrauding insurance companies out of more than
$1,000,000.  Pappas was sentenced on July 2, 2007 to 1 ¼É to 4 ¼É years in state
prison and the payment of $1,017,000 in restitution.          On July 31, 2007,
Arrigo Cipriani, the patriarch of the Cipriani family business, Giuseppe
Cipriani, the President and CEO of Cipriani USA, Inc., and three Cipriani
corporations pleaded guilty to tax evasion.  They were sentenced on October 10,
2007 to repayment of $10 million in back taxes.  An independent monitor was also
installed to ensure accurate tax treatment of all of the family's businesses.
ORTENZIO, who owns several meat processing companies, was a significant
distributor of meat and other food products to Cipriani restaurants.        Mr.
Morgenthau thanked the New York City Department of Finance and its Commissioner
Martha E. Stark, as well as its Assistant Commissioner for Tax Enforcement
Carlton Butler; the Director of Tax Enforcement, Maureen Kokeas; Manager,
Criminal Audit Tax Enforcement Division Robert Stahl; and Special Tax Auditor
Franklin Hayes.  The District Attorney also thanked the Acting New York State
Department of Taxation and Finance and its Commissioner, Barbara Billett; Deputy
Commissioner for Tax Enforcement William Comiskey, and Peter Farrell, Assistant
Deputy Commissioner for Tax Enforcement.        Assistant District Attorney Eric
Sei, Deputy Chief of the District Attorney's Rackets Bureau, and Assistant
District Attorney Brian J. Fields are in charge of the prosecution.  Financial
Consultant John a also assisted in the case, as did Senior Investigators James
Mauritzen, Julian Yannotti and Supervising Investigator Stephen McCallion of the
Investigation Bureau, which is headed by Chief Investigator Joseph Pennisi and
Deputy Chief Terry Mulderrig.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 20, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Tyco Executive Indicted in New Hampshire in U.S. Tax Case

BYLINE:  By ANDREW ROSS SORKIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 412 words


The former chief financial officer of Tyco International, Mark H. Swartz, was
indicted yesterday by a federal grand jury in New Hampshire on a charge of tax
evasion, adding to state charges against him that include looting the company of
hundreds of millions of dollars.

The indictment is the first brought by the federal government against any of the
former Tyco executives, who until yesterday had only been charged in New York
State courts.

The United States attorney for New Hampshire, Thomas Colantuono, said Mr.
Swartz, 42, had been charged with one count of tax evasion, accused of filing a
tax return for 1999 that failed to report a $12.5 million bonus he received from
Tyco. The indictment said he avoided almost $5 million in federal taxes. If
convicted, Mr. Swartz could face up to five years in prison and a fine up to
$250,000.

He is scheduled to appear in court today for a bail hearing and a trial date.

His lawyer, Charles A. Stillman of Stillman & Friedman in Manhattan, said
yesterday that Mr. Swartz would deny the accusations.

"He will plead not guilty because he did not cheat on his tax return," Mr.
Stillman said. "He will plead not guilty because he does not owe any tax to the
government. He will be vindicated."

According to the indictment, Mr. Swartz received a bonus when Tyco forgave $12.5
million in loans that he owed the company. The loans were charged to Tyco's
so-called Key Employee Loan Program, which the company established to help its
executives and employees pay taxes arising from the vesting of stock.

Mr. Swartz resigned from Tyco last year. Yesterday's indictment comes on top of
charges filed last year in New York.

The Manhattan district attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, has accused Mr. Swartz
and the company's former chief executive, L. Dennis Kozlowski, of misusing and
secretly forgiving loans in the employee loan program without authorization from
the board. The two face grand larceny charges in New York State. Mr. Kozlowski,
who resigned last June, has also been indicted on charges of evading New York
sales taxes.

After an internal investigation, Tyco recently decided to ask Mr. Swartz to
return the forgiven loan money.

"We reversed the forgiveness of the loan," a spokesman confirmed yesterday. It
is unclear whether reinstatement of the loan will play a role in the case.

The United States attorney's office in Concord, N.H., did not return calls
seeking comment about Tyco's decision to reinstate the loan.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 16, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

L.I. MAN GIVEN 20 YEARS FOR $6.8 MILLION TAX EVASION

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


A 20-year sentence was imposed yesterday on an insurance consultant who was
convicted in a $6.8 million tax case, which the Government described as
''perhaps the largest personal tax-evasion prosecution in American history.''

Judge Kevin Thomas Duffy, who sentenced Louis C. Ostrer in Federal District
Court in Manhattan, said the prison term ''may seem harsh'' but that it was
''more than merited.'' He also imposed a maximum $70,000 fine on the 58-year-old
defendant, a convicted stock swindler linked to organized-crime figures.

Evidence in a six-week trial showed that Mr. Ostrer had paid virtually no taxes
from 1965 through 1975, although he earned millions of dollars from insurance
fees and commissions, according to Philip Le B. Douglas and Richard F. Ziegler,
the prosecutors.

Had Filed Tax Returns

They said Mr. Ostrer had filed tax returns reporting his large income, but
failed to pay the taxes and used false names and shell corporations to conceal
his assets and prevent the Government from collecting.

He was found guilty of embezzling $1.2 million from welfare and pension funds of
Teamsters Local 918 in Brooklyn as well as evading $6.8 million in taxes,
interest and penalties.

The jury also convicted his wife, Rita, and an associate, Seymour Greenfield, of
participating in the tax evasion conspiracy. Judge Duffy has sentenced Mrs.
Ostrer to one year and Mr. Greenfield to three years.

Mr. Ostrer, who conducted his own defense, lives in Kings Point, L.I. Judge
Duffy set his bail at $3.4 million and sent him to jail while he appeals the
conviction. He recently served 18 months for a previous stock fraud.

'A Life of Self-Indulgence'

A sentencing memorandum by Mr. Douglas assailed ''Ostrer's practice of swindling
creditors of huge sums while living a life of luxurious self-indulgence.'' It
added that ''this white-collar defendant has for years supervised a veritable
industry of fraud and deceit to accomplish repeated tax evasions, embezzlements
and other swindles.''

The prosecutor said Mr. Ostrer had ''lined his own pockets'' by exploiting his
relationship with ''unsophisticated labor leaders who controlled huge financial
assets.''

Mr. Douglas also noted a 1976 report by a United States Senate committee saying
that Mr. Ostrer had designed insurance programs that gave him exorbitant fees
and provided ''questionable methods for mobsters to obtain huge amounts of
funds.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Former Bergen County, New Jersey, Coin Dealer Admits Income Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:



  A former resident of Old Tappan, New Jersey, today admitted evading personal
income taxes on more than $400,000 in income in 2013, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.





 William Dominick, 68, of Collier County, Florida, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Anne E. Thompson in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of tax evasion and one count of identity theft.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Dominick owned and operated Westwood Rare Coin out of his home in Old Tappan.
He was required to include income earned by Westwood Rare Coin on his individual
IRS 1040 form. During calendar year 2013, Dominick failed to report $400,000 in
income earned by Westwood Rare Coin. He did this by using other people's
identities to open credit cards to purchase bulk quantities coins from the U.S.
Mint in order to corner the market. Dominick then sold those coins through his
business, retained the proceeds for his personal use, and failed to include the
proceeds on the tax return that he signed and filed with the IRS.



 The count of identity theft to which Dominick pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 15 years in prison; the count of tax evasion carries a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison; both counts also carry a fine
of up to $250,000. Sentencing is scheduled for May 23, 2017.



 Under terms of his plea agreement, Dominick will file amended returns and make
full restitution for years 2010 through 2014.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of special agent in charge Timothy Gallagher; special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the
direction of Postal Inspector in Charge James V. Buthorn, with the investigation
leading to today's guilty plea.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Shana Chen of the
Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Gilcrest liquor store owner, co-conspirator sentenced for concealing $3.2
million in tax evasion

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


April 07--DENVER -- A Gilcrest liquor store owner and his Johnstown
co-conspirator have been sentenced in U.S. District Court for their roles in a
$3.2 million tax evasion scheme.

United States Attorney for the District of Colorado John Walsh and IRS Criminal
Investigation Special Agent in Charge Stephen Boyd announced the sentencing
Thursday in a news release.

Renee Molinar, 48, of Johnstown was sentenced Wednesday by U.S. District Court
Judge Christine Arguello to three years of probation, 10 months of home
detention, 100 hours of useful public service, and she is required to undergo
mental health treatment. Molinar pleaded guilty on May 7, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to defraud the United States.

Molinar was a co-conspirator in the scheme along with Alan Timothy Hershey, 50,
of Gilcrest, who was sentenced on March 22 to serve 71 months in federal prison,
followed by three years of supervised release. He was ordered to pay a fine of
$100,000 and $1.7 millioin in restitution to the IRS and the Colorado Department
of Revenue. Hershey and Molinar were charged on July 3, 2014. Hershey pleaded
guilty on May 13, 2015, to one count of conspiracy to defraud the United States
and two counts of tax evasion. As a condition of his plea agreement, Hershey
paid the restitution in full prior to his sentencing.

In March 2001, Hershey transferred ownership of Johnstown Liquor, 21 S. Parish
Ave., in Johnstown, to Molinar, but concealed from the IRS that he retained true
ownership of the store. For the next decade, Hershey and Molinar skimmed a
portion of Johnstown Liquor's cash sales and concealed the receipts using a
second record keeping system.

Hershey filed no federal income tax returns for the entire period and made no
payments of income taxes to the IRS. To conceal the gross receipts they were
skimming from the store, Hershey used nominees to purchase two other liquor
stores -- Liquor Plus in Greeley and Gilcrest Liquor in Gilcrest -- and a number
of houses with the cash he had skimmed from Johnstown Liquor's gross receipts.
Hershey controlled the operations of the stores, and he and Molinar collected
the rents from the houses. Hershey also ran Corona's and More, a liquor store in
Bennett. He failed to pay federal taxes on any of the four stores' $3.2 million
in taxable income.

When criminal investigators began questioning Johnstown Liquor employees,
Hershey told Molinar to remove all documents that would reveal the business'
true receipts from the store. They also transferred ownership of the business to
Johnstown Liquor, Inc., even though Hershey continued to control the operation
of the business as its true owner.

"Hershey engaged in an intricate multi-year scheme to evade paying over a
million dollars in income tax owed under the law," Walsh said in the release.
"Hershey deserves the stiff sentence he received because he not only defrauded
the United States, he defrauded every other honest American taxpayer who works
hard and pays taxes to support our country."

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160407-GY-Gilcrest-liquor-store-owner-co-conspirator-sentenced-for-concealing-
3.2-million-in-tax-evasion-0407-20160407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 3, 2015 Friday

BRIEF: Fayetteville Goodyear worker enters guilty plea to tax evasion

BYLINE: Alan Wooten, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 226 words


July 03--RALEIGH -- A plea for charges of evading state income tax while working
at Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company has been entered by a Fayetteville man.

Matthew L. Vaughan, 44, of 3647 Florida Drive Ext., pleaded guilty to three
counts of attempting to evade and defeat tax on Wednesday in Wake County
District Court.

Vaughan received a six-month minimum, 17-month maximum jail sentence from
District Court Judge Eric C. Chasse. The sentence was suspended and Vaughan
placed on supervised probation for 36 months.

Vaughan will be under electronic home monitoring the first 30 days, will have to
pay restitution of $13,767.39, a fine of $7,500 and complete 100 hours of
community service.

According to information in court, Vaughan knowingly and willfully maintained
with his employer, Goodyear, fraudulent Forms NC-4 Employee's Withholding
Allowance Certificate, during the tax years 2011 through 2013, claiming to be
exempt from North Carolina individual income tax withholding. Goodyear in turn
did not withhold state individual income tax from his wages.

The investigation was conducted by the state Department of Revenue's Criminal
Investigations Section in Raleigh.

- Alan Wooten

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150703-FY-BRF-Fayetteville-Goodyear-worker-enters-guilty-plea-to-
tax-evasion-0703-20150703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Audiologist Pleads Guilty To Tax Fraud

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Michael Ryan Trythall pleaded guilty to tax evasion today, announced United
States Attorney Melinda Haag and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal
Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge Thomas McMahon.

In pleading guilty, Trythall, 37, of Los Angeles, a professional audiologist,
admitted to embezzling more than $750,000 between 2009 and 2012 from his
employer at the time, a San Francisco audiology practice. During that period,
Trythall performed bookkeeping services for his employer, and had access to the
business's financial records. He was authorized to print business checks for
others to sign, but not to sign or issue checks on his own. Nevertheless,
Trythall issued business checks payable to himself, forged the signature of an
authorized signer onto the checks, and then deposited them into his personal
bank accounts. Trythall also caused credit card payments made by clients to the
business to be misdirected to an account he controlled. Trythall used the money
he embezzled to pay for vacations and shopping at luxury retailers.

Trythall concealed his embezzlement by omitting payments to himself from the
business's books, making false entries into the business's books, and failing to
disclose his embezzlement, even when confronted by others. Trythall did not pay
income taxes on any of the money he embezzled for calendar years 2009 through
2011, resulting in tax due and owing of over $230,000.

Trythall was charged by information on Sept. 25, 2014, with three counts of tax
evasion, and pleaded guilty to one county. Trythall's sentencing hearing is
scheduled for March 11, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., before the Honorable Edward M. Chen,
United States District Court Judge, in San Francisco. The maximum statutory
penalty for each count of tax evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five
years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael G. Pitman is prosecuting the case. The
prosecution is the result of an investigation by the IRS, Criminal
Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

San Ramon man indicted on federal tax charges

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 149 words


OAKLAND -- A San Ramon man was arrested Tuesday after being charged with tax
evasion, failure to file tax returns and lying to the Internal Revenue Service,
according to a press statement by the U.S. Attorney's office.

Thomas Calise was indicted Sept. 15 on one count of tax evasion, four counts of
failing to to file a tax return and one count of obstructing administration of
Internal Revenue Service laws.

Calise, whose age was not given by the U.S. Attorney's office, was arrested by
federal agents and released on $100,000 bond.

According to the indictment, Calise failed to report $58,750 in income between
2004 and 2007. Calise allegedly also used a false Social Security number and
name during refinancing and used false Social Security numbers on credit
applications.

Calise could face up to 10 years in prison and fines totaling $900,000 if
convicted.

Contact Robert Jordan at 925-847-2184.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday

St. George pizza restaurant owner facing felony charges for tax evasion

LENGTH: 175 words


ST. GEORGE ?The owner of a restaurant in St. George faces tax evasion charges
for allegedly failing to submit over $90,000 he collected from sales tax to the
state. The owner collected the taxes from customers between December 2008 and
September 2010, according to a news release from the Utah State Tax Commission.
?He then fraudulently kept these trust funds for his own use without remitting
them to the state for essential local and state public services,? said Charlie
Roberts, Tax Commission spokesman. In connection with his business, he faces tax
evasion, unlawful dealing of property by a fiduciary and pattern of unlawful
activity, according to the news release. The news release indicates that
five-second degree and three-third degree felony charges have been filed against
the man. He was arrested Friday in St. George. If convicted, he could face a
$5,000 fine and up t0 15 years in prison for each of the second degree felonies.
The third degree felony charges could each carry a $5,000 fine and up to 5 years
in prison. ?  Spencer Garn

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 29, 2005 Tuesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Bribery ends House career

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 934 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, an eight-term Republican from San Diego, resigned
from Congress on Monday, hours after pleading guilty to taking at least
$2.4-million in bribes to help friends and campaign contributors win defense
contracts.

Cunningham, a highly decorated Navy fighter pilot in Vietnam, tearfully
acknowledged his guilt in a statement read outside the federal courthouse in San
Diego.

"The truth is I broke the law, concealed my conduct and disgraced my office,"
the 63-year-old said. "I know that I will forfeit my freedom, my reputation, my
worldly possessions, most importantly, the trust of my friends and family."

Cunningham pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion and one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery, tax evasion, wire fraud and mail fraud. He could
get up to 10 years in prison at sentencing Feb. 27 and faces millions of dollars
in fines and forfeitures.

Prosecutors said he received cash, cars, rugs, antiques, furniture, yacht club
fees, moving expenses and vacations from four unnamed co-conspirators in
exchange for aid in winning defense contracts worth tens of millions of dollars.
None of this income was reported to the IRS or on the congressman's financial
disclosure forms, the government said.

Cunningham was charged in a case that grew out of an investigation into the sale
of his home to a defense contractor at an inflated price.

The congressman had already announced in July, after the investigation became
public, that he would not seek re-election next year. But until he entered his
plea, he had insisted he had done nothing wrong.

Cunningham's plea adds to the ethics cloud over the Republican-controlled
Congress and the Bush White House. Other ethics cases include the indictment of
Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, and the investigation into lobbyist Jack Abramoff.

Democratic leaders were quick to argue that Cunningham's crime is part of a
pattern.

"This offense is just the latest example of the culture of corruption that
pervades the Republican-controlled Congress, which ignores the needs of the
American people to serve wealthy special interests and their cronies," said
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.

Conservative activist Paul Weyrich, head of the Free Congress Foundation, said
he thinks the Democratic charge may stick. "Frankly, Republicans are held to a
higher standard, mainly because they are the ones who always preach morality,"
Weyrich said.

But Keith Ashdown, with Taxpayers for Common Sense, a watchdog group, said
Cunningham's guilty plea hurts both parties.

"There are very few things that I read that kick me in the gut. This is beyond
my wildest guess of how bad it actually is - how bad, how long and how nobody
knew about it," said Ashdown. "I don't think Democrats or Republicans win on
this. It basically makes people detest Congress even more and deters voter
turnout."

Among other things, prosecutors said, Cunningham was given $1.025-million to pay
down the mortgage on his Rancho Santa Fe, Calif., mansion, $13,500 to buy a
Rolls-Royce and $2,081 for his daughter's graduation party at a Washington
hotel.

"He did the worst thing an elected official can do - he enriched himself through
his position and violated the trust of those who put him there," U.S. Attorney
Carol Lam said.

Cunningham was allowed to remain free while he awaits sentencing. He also agreed
to forfeit his mansion, more than $1.8-million in cash, and antiques and rugs.

He is the first congressman to leave office amid bribery allegations since 2002,
when former Rep. James Traficant, D-Ohio, was sentenced to eight years in prison
after being convicted of racketeering and accepting bribes.

The case began when authorities started investigating Cunningham's sale of his
Del Mar, Calif., house to defense contractor Mitchell Wade for $1.675-million.
Wade sold the house nearly a year later for $975,000 - a loss of $700,000 in a
hot real estate market. Prosecutors said the house purchase was part of
Cunningham's guilty pleas.

In addition to buying Cunningham's home at an inflated price, Wade let him live
rent-free on Wade's yacht, the Duke Stir, at a yacht club. Wade's company, MZM
Inc., also donated generously to Cunningham's campaigns.

Around the same time, MZM was winning defense contracts.

MZM does classified intelligence work for the military. It had $65.5-million in
contracts for intelligence-related defense work in fiscal 2004, ranking No. 38
on the Pentagon's list.

Information from the Associated Press, Los Angeles Times and New York Times was
used in this report.

UNDER SCRUTINY

There are several investigations involving members of Congress other than Rep.
Randy "Duke" Cunningham:

REP. TOM DELAY, R-TEXAS: Indicted in Texas on conspiracy and money laundering
charges, accused of funneling corporate donations to GOP candidates for the
Texas Legislature. DeLay, who has denied any wrongdoing, was forced to step down
as House majority leader.

REP. WILLIAM JEFFERSON, D-LA.: Under investigation by the Justice Department in
connection with a telecommunications deal he was trying to arrange in Nigeria.

REP. BOB NEY, R-OHIO: According to court papers filed in lobbyist Michael
Scanlon's guilty plea to conspiracy to bribe public officials, Ney received
trips, tickets and campaign donations, allegedly in exchange for official acts.
Ney has not been charged and has denied any wrongdoing.

SENATE MAJORITY LEADER BILL FRIST, R-TENN.: The Securities and Exchange
Commission and the Justice Department are investigating Frist's sale of millions
of dollars worth of stock in HCA, the Nashville-based hospital chain founded by
his father and brother.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press
Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, R-Calif., apologizes after his plea.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               February 26, 2003

US issues arrest warrant for noted economist; The move is is prompted by his
failure to face a Seattle court on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Alex Lo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 405 words


A United States judge has issued a warrant for the arrest of Hong Kong economist
Steven Cheung Ng-sheung and his wife Linda Su Cheung after they failed to keep a
date in a Seattle court to face tax evasion charges.

The US consulate in Hong Kong confirmed yesterday a district judge in Seattle,
Washington, issued the warrant last Thursday after the couple failed to turn up.

"The judge has issued a warrant of arrest. We are expecting District Attorney of
the Western District of the United States Janet Freeman to issue a statement on
the case shortly," a consulate spokeswoman said.

She said she was not aware of any extradition request, and Hong Kong's
Department of Justice said yesterday it had not received such a request.

The couple was charged last month by a grand jury in Seattle with defrauding the
US and the Internal Revenue Service through tax evasion.

They faced 13 charges of conspiracy to defraud the US government, filing false
and fraudulent income tax returns, and filing a false foreign bank account
report.

Mr Cheung, 67, is suing his former company lawyer, Muriel Tsang Miu I, in the
High Court for allegedly disclosing confidential financial information to US
government officials.

One of the most respected economists in Hong Kong, Mr Cheung was the head of the
University of Hong Kong's school of economics and finance between 1982 and 1999
and enjoyed an international reputation for his academic work.

He told a press conference last month he would not travel to the US for the
court case, claiming he and his wife were victims of persecution by the US
government.

At the same conference, Mr Cheung showed a copy of a letter purportedly signed
by Ms Freeman.

The letter read: "I will agree to drop all charges against Linda Cheung in
exchange for Steven's timely entry of a guilty plea and in exchange for Steven's
offer to fulfil all conditions of this plea disposition." Mr Cheung claimed the
letter made a mockery of the US justice system.

Yesterday, his weekly column continued to appear in the Chinese-language Apple
Daily. The column was an ironic commentary both on his childhood fishing
experiences in Hong Kong and the economics of fishing and pollution.

He did not touch on his US court case in the article. He could not be reached at
home or in his office yesterday and his office assistant would not say whether
he was still in Hong Kong.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Photo: Robert Ng); Steven Cheung at his press conference last month,
when he accused the US government of persecuting him.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 2003 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Taylor under house arrest

SECTION: Sports; G8

LENGTH: 109 words

DATELINE: CAMDEN, N.J.


Already on probation for a drug charge, National Football League great Lawrence
Taylor avoided jail yesterday at his sentencing for income-tax evasion. The Hall
of Fame linebacker received three months' house arrest, five years' probation
and 500 hours of community service. Taylor pleaded guilty in June 1997 to
failing to report $48,000 in income from his now- closed L.T. Sports Pub in East
Rutherford on his 1990 federal income-tax return. He earned $1.39 million that
year. Taylor is already on probation after pleading no contest to a charge he
bought crack cocaine from an undercover officer in St. Pete Beach, Fla., in
1998.


LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 9, 1989, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

PTL AIDES' SPENDING DESCRIBED AT TRIAL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12D

LENGTH: 574 words


CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) - Prosecutors in the tax evasion trial of former PTL aides
James and David Taggart have summoned the operators of some of the East Coast's
most exclusive shops to testify about purchases made by the two men.  Cartier
Inc. representative Gary Saage Jr. told jurors Friday that David Taggart had
bought several expensive items at the company's New York flagship store,
including an $85,000 diamond and sapphire pin. Witnesses from other expensive
shops, including Gucci, testified about other items including a $10,000 Rolex
watch.  The Taggarts are charged with failing to pay $487,000 in income taxes
from 1984 to 1987. Federal prosecutors say they diverted $1.1 million of
ministry funds to their personal use by taking cash advances on PTL credit cards
and using blank ministry checks to pay the credit card bills.  All of the
witnesses testified that their shops catered to the wealthiest U.S. consumers.
''A person who shops in our store sort of doesn't ask the price,'' said
Frederick Bodner, who described the Taggarts as regular customers at his
exclusive clothing shop in Palm Beach, Fla.  In other testimony, the former
executive secretary to PTL founder Jim Bakker said she once forged Bakker's
signature, at the direction of David Taggart, on a memo that turned a $45,000
loan into a $45,000 bonus.  Shirley Fulbright said the memo gave her a $90,000
bonus, $45,000 of which was used to pay off the loan.  David Taggart had used a
similar forged memo for loans of his own, she said. Earlier Friday, a tax
attorney testified that missing records and hu ge salaries paid to PTL leaders
made it difficult for him to defend the ministry's tax-exempt status in the face
of Internal Revenue Service questioning.  ''I felt their tax exemption was in
jeopardy,'' Michael Wigton testified.  ''I felt they needed to have some
effective answers.'' He said one of his biggest concerns was excessive
compensation.  ''The distinction is when insiders or controlling parties used
their power to use non-exempt money for their own purposes,'' he said.  Wigton,
a former IRS specialist in exempt organizations who is now in private practice,
was retained by PTL in late 1985 to fight the IRS's proposed revocation of PTL's
tax-exempt status.  The IRS action stemmed from an audit of PTL for the years
1981-1983.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

IRS Criminal Investigation: A unit that targets financial crimes in Utah

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1311 words


The Internal Revenue Service's intelligence unit honed its reputation by
providing the evidence to convict Public Enemy No. 1 Al Capone of tax evasion in
1931.

Long after the Chicago gangster went to prison and almost a century after the
unit's founding, the little-known division ccc now called IRS Criminal
Investigation, or IRS C.I. ccc is still going strong. Other high-profile
defendants convicted of tax evasion in the years since Capone include Vice
President Spiro Agnew, hotel magnate Leona Helmsley, baseball star Pete Rose and
televangelist Jim Bakker.

IRS C.I. also targets tax cheats who are trying to conceal other criminal
activity. Terrorists, mobsters, drug dealers, money launderers, identity
thieves, corrupt public officials and other wrongdoers are on its radar.

"Just about any crime you can think of has a financial component to it," said
Mike Brock, assistant special agent in charge of IRS CI's Las Vegas Field
Office, which encompasses Utah and Nevada.

IRS CI's recently released annual report shows the scope of its work, with the
division launching more than 4,000 investigations in fiscal 2014. IRS CI
investigates suspected violations of the Internal Revenue Code and related
financial crimes and works to ensure that all taxpayers pay their fair share,
said Brock, who is based in Salt Lake City.

As second in command, Brock represents John Collins, the special agent in charge
of the IRS CI Las Vegas Field Office. Brock is the first CI assistant special
agent in charge to sit in Utah; Collins said the arrangement will strengthen
partnerships with other law enforcement agencies that work with the division on
cases.

Brock said about 83 percent of taxes owed are paid on time, but some taxpayers
underpay or don't pay at all. The law requires individuals and corporations to
pay taxes on all income, whether it is legal or illegal.

IRS CI's enforcement activities help shrink the tax gap, which is the difference
between the taxes owed and the taxes paid on time, Brock said. The IRS collects
more than $2 trillion annually in taxes and estimates the gap for 2006, the
latest figure available, was $450 billion.

"That's why our mission is critical," Brock said, noting the large amount of
unpaid taxes.

IRS CI areas of focus in fiscal 2014 included international tax fraud; refund
crimes; frivolous arguments by nonfilers; money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act
violations; public corruption; virtual currency; and drug trafficking.

Since the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, IRS CI special agents also have been involved
in tracking the illegal sources that finance terrorism.

Brock said a common perception is that IRS CI just conducts audits. While more
than half the agents' time is focused on tax fraud ccc with most cases involving
income from legal sources and violations such as claiming personal expenses as
business expenses or claiming false deductions ccc they spend about 35 percent
of their time investigating money laundering, 8 percent to 10 percent on drug
trafficking and 2 percent on terrorism, he said.

IRS CI nationally initiated 4,297 cases in the fiscal year ending Oct. 30,
according to its annual report, which was released in April. The conviction rate
for the cases that were resolved in fiscal 2014 with a trial or a plea was 93.4
percent, the report says.

Of those cases, 42 started in Utah. In addition, 52 investigations, some of
which took a few years because of their complexity, were completed in the
Beehive State.

Richard Weber, IRS CI chief, said the conviction rate reflects the quality of
the work by the division.

"We are the best financial investigators in the world," he said, "and I am
extremely proud of our special agents and professional staff."

IRS CI special agents have accounting backgrounds that help them wade through
paper and computerized records to investigate all kinds of complex financial
crimes. As federal law enforcement officers, they carry weapons, make arrests,
serve search warrants, conduct surveillance and work undercover.

"Our best tool is our ability to trace money," Brock said. "That's where we
shine."

Following the money has become more complex in the electronic age, with fewer
people writing checks and more using virtual currency, according to Special
Agent Virginia DeCamp, the Utah-based cybercrime coordinator for the Las Vegas
office.

"Cybercrimes are definitely on the uptick," DeCamp said, "and they're increasing
daily."

Growing numbers of identity thefts have led to more tax fraud, she said, with
thieves filing false returns.

IRS CI cases involve anywhere from relatively small amounts of money to hundreds
of millions of dollars.

The fiscal 2014 IRS CI investigations included the largest criminal case ever
filed, which was brought against Credit Suisse after a years-long probe. As part
of a plea agreement, the Swiss corporation admitted that for decades it operated
an illegal cross-border banking business that assisted thousands of U.S. clients
in maintaining undeclared accounts and concealing offshore assets and income
from the IRS, according to the annual report. Credit Suisse agreed to pay a
total of $2.6 billion in fines and restitution.

Utah has had its share of major cases. IRS CI cites as a success Operation Weed
Whacker, a collaboration with the Drug Enforcement Administration and other law
enforcement partners on the Organized Crime and Drug Enforcement Task Force. The
probe targeted traffickers who allegedly grew marijuana in California from 2007
to 2012 and distributed more than 2,200 pounds of the drug, most of it in Utah.
Six defendants have been charged in the case.

Other Utah prosecutions include:

- Robert Lustyik, a former FBI special agent who was sentenced to 10 years
behind bars for bribery and obstruction of justice for scheming to defraud the
U.S. government of tens of millions dollars through military contracts in
Afghanistan. Lustyik pleaded guilty to 11 felonies, including conspiracy and
fraud.

- Robert Holloway, who was found guilty by a jury of five fraud counts and one
count of filing a false tax return in a Ponzi scheme that bilked investors out
of more than $15 million. Holloway was sentenced to nearly 19 years in prison.

- Dick Reid Jenkins, a Heber City accountant and return preparer, who was
sentenced to a 78-month prison term and ordered to pay $250,340 in restitution
after being convicted of filing more than $9 million in false claims for
income-tax refunds. He also was found guilty of presenting a false financial
instrument to the Treasury Department for $300 million.

- Portia Louder, of Highland, who reported to federal prison last month to begin
serving an 84-month sentence after pleading guilty to wire fraud and conspiracy
in connection with a mortgage-fraud scheme. She admitted giving inflated
purchase prices of homes to financial institutions to obtain financing. She also
was ordered to pay nearly $12 million in restitution.

- Jacquelin Boyd, a West Jordan woman who pleaded guilty to using the names and
Social Security numbers of deceased people to file false tax returns. She
received a sentence of a year and a day in prison, plus an order to pay $32,243
in restitution.

U.S. Attorney Carlie Christensen said federal prosecutors value the skills that
IRS CI agents bring to investigations.

"In addition to the tax crimes they investigate, they are also important
partners in other complex white-collar cases," she said. "They also bring their
financial-crime expertise to drug cases where money laundering is often a part
of the criminal conduct."

Brock said financial investigations involve much more than sitting at a desk.

The job, he said, can include digging through trash for financial records,
interviewing a CEO or going undercover to catch a dishonest tax return preparer.

Because of that variety, Brock said, "It's the most fun you get in accounting."

pmanson@sltrib.com

Twitter: @PamelaMansonSLC

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Beanie Baby creator avoids jail sentence for tax evasion;
Billionaire failed to report $24.4M for eight years

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


H. Ty Warner, the billionaire creator of Beanie Babies plush toys, avoided a
prison sentence for hiding income from U.S. tax collectors in a Swiss bank
account.

Warner was sentenced Tuesday to two years of probation for tax evasion by U.S.
District Judge Charles Kocoras in Chicago. He must also perform a total of 500
hours of community service for three schools, the judge said.

Warner, the founder of toymaker Ty Inc. and Ty Warner Hotels & Resorts, failed
to report more than $24.4 million (U.S.) in gross income to the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service from 1999 to 2007, according to an agreement signed with
prosecutors on Oct. 2, when he pleaded guilty to a single count of tax evasion
based on his 2002 liabilities.

"I never realized the biggest mistake of my life would cost me the respect of
those closest to me," Warner, 69, said in court Tuesday. "I am truly sorry."

Warner is among more than 100 people including bankers, lawyers and advisers
prosecuted during the past five years in a U.S. crackdown on offshore tax
crimes. Grave marker and monument maker Peter Troost last year was sentenced to
a year and a day in prison by a judge in the same courthouse after admitting he
evaded taxes on more than $3.3 million in income.

A resident of the Chicago suburb of Oak Brook, Ill., Warner has a net worth of
about $1.7 billion. He has donated $140 million in cash and toys to various
charities and organizations, his lawyers said in a pre-sentence brief filed on
Dec. 31.

Before passing sentence, the judge read letters of support for Warner from
people who described some of the billionaire's charitable deeds.

"Society will be best served by allowing him to continue his good works,"
Kocoras said.

Advisory federal sentencing guidelines called for a prison term of 46 months to
57 months. Warner's lawyers asked for probation and community service, saying
their client's conduct constituted a single deviation from an otherwise
law-abiding life in which he's paid $1 billion in taxes.

Warner has paid a civil penalty of $53 million and filed amended tax returns for
the years 1999 to 2008, his lawyers said. He has also paid $14 million in back
taxes and interest, prosecutors said.

From 1996 to 2008, Warner parked some of his money first at UBS AG in
Switzerland and then at Zuercher Kantonalbank, failing to tell his own
accountants of those accounts, according to court papers. By 2008, the balance
of his undisclosed account exceeded $107 million, Assistant U.S. Attorney James
Conway told Kocoras in October.

Warner failed to pay almost $5.6 million in taxes on the undeclared income
hidden in those accounts from 1999 to 2007, prosecutors said in their
pre-sentence brief filed on Jan. 7.

"The judge heard from many people who have benefited from Ty's quiet generosity
over the years, and he crafted a sentence that allows Ty to continue to make
amends in a way that most benefits society," his lawyer Gregory Scandaglia said
in a statement after Tuesday's hearing.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: H. Ty Warner is among more than 100 people, including bankers, lawyers
and advisers, prosecuted in a U.S. crackdown on offshore tax crimes. The
Associated Press File Photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Former Bergen County, New Jersey, Coin Dealer Admits Income Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 381  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A former resident of Old Tappan, New Jersey, today admitted evading personal
income taxes on more than $400,000 in income in 2013, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.



 William Dominick, 68, of Collier County, Florida, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Anne E. Thompson in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of tax evasion and one count of identity theft.

 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

 Dominick owned and operated Westwood Rare Coin out of his home in Old Tappan.
He was required to include income earned by Westwood Rare Coin on his individual
IRS 1040 form. During calendar year 2013, Dominick failed to report $400,000 in
income earned by Westwood Rare Coin. He did this by using other people's
identities to open credit cards to purchase bulk quantities coins from the U.S.
Mint in order to corner the market. Dominick then sold those coins through his
business, retained the proceeds for his personal use, and failed to include the
proceeds on the tax return that he signed and filed with the IRS.

 The count of identity theft to which Dominick pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 15 years in prison; the count of tax evasion carries a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison; both counts also carry a fine
of up to $250,000. Sentencing is scheduled for May 23, 2017.

 Under terms of his plea agreement, Dominick will file amended returns and make
full restitution for years 2010 through 2014.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of special agent in charge Timothy Gallagher; special agents of IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the
direction of Postal Inspector in Charge James V. Buthorn, with the investigation
leading to today's guilty plea.

 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Shana Chen of the
Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

 Defense counsel: John Whipple Esq., Morristown, New Jersey




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Norton Fran

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 491 words


Attorneys charged with tax evasion

RALEIGH   Two Wilmington attorneys were arrested Tuesday in Wake County on tax
evasion charges filed by the N.C. Department of Revenue.

Clay Allen Collier, 56, is charged with five counts of willful failure to file
tax returns, supply information or pay tax. Andrew J. Hanley, 53, is charged
with three counts of willful failure to file return, supply information or pay
tax. The two lawyers work for Crossley McIntosh Collier Hanley & Edes P.L.L.C.
in Wilmington, according to the law firm s website.

Arrest warrants said that Hanley was required to file individual state tax
returns in 2009, 2010 and 2012, but willfully failed to file them, according to
the department s news release.

Collier was required to file individual state tax returns for 2009, 2010, 2011,
2013 and 2014, but didn t, the release states.

Collier s bail was set at $10,000 secured. Hanley s bail was set at $6,000
secured. The two will appear Oct. 20 in Wake County District Court in Raleigh.

Collier and Hanley have since been released, records indicate.

Collier could not immediately be reached for comment, according to a woman who
answered the phone at the law firm Wednesday.

F.T. Norton

Case of body in freezer to be heard in court

NEW HANOVER COUNTY   A Goldsboro woman arrested in Carolina Beach last week
after her mother s corpse was found in a freezer sold at a Goldsboro yard sale
will appear in Wayne County court Oct. 4.

Marcella Jean Lee, 56, was arrested Sept. 14 in Carolina Beach on a felony
charge of failure to report a death, Goldsboro police said.

Lee was transferred to Wayne County on Sept. 16, according to New Hanover County
jail records.

She had been sought for more than three months after a neighbor reported finding
the remains of Lee s mother, 75-year-old Arma Roush.

Roush lived with Lee and was last seen in August 2015. An autopsy found no signs
of foul play in Roush s death, officials said.

Police said a neighbor bought Lee s freezer for $30 in the spring. According to
authorities, it was taped shut and Lee told the neighbor not to open the
freezer, which she referred to as a time capsule, until church members could
come and collect the contents inside.

After no one showed up for weeks, the neighbor opened the freezer in late May
and discovered Roush s remains.

Court records show Lee has a court date set for Oct. 4 in Wayne County.

F.T. Norton and The Associated Press

South Topsail students report seeing a clown

HAMPSTEAD   Students on the playground during recess Tuesday at South Topsail
Elementary reported seeing a clown in the woods.

Pender County Schools spokeswoman Miranda Roberts said as a safety precaution
the students were taken back into the building and the Pender County Sheriff s
Office was called to investigate.

Roberts said detectives did not find any evidence that someone had been in the
wooded area where the clown was reported seen.

Hannah DelaCourt



Collier



Hanley



Lee CONTRIBUTED PHOTO

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Berkeley Voice community briefs

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 765 words


Berkeley man faces tax evasion charges

A Berkeley man was arraigned Tuesday on five counts of tax evasion and one count
of stealing $80,000 in Social Security checks.

Hugh Leslie Baras, 68, is accused of filing false tax returns from 2006 through
2009. The U.S. attorney's office alleges Baras told the IRS his income was
$193,385 with a tax due of $29,705 for those years when his income really was
$1.1 million with a tax due of $406,447.

An Aug. 30 indictment said Baras took Social Security payments that he was not
entitled to from 2006 through 2009. At the time of the indictment he was not in
custody. If Baras is convicted and given the maximum prison sentence, he could
get 15 years in prison and a fine of about $1.7 million.

He was arraigned on the charges in federal district court in Oakland.

A call to Baras' home was not immediately returned Tuesday.

Group plans mayoral, council debates

The Berkeley Neighborhood Council, described as "a recent offshoot of the
long-established Council of Neighborhood Associations," is planning two debates
for candidates for mayor and City Council.

Mayoral candidates have been invited to a debate on Sept. 30, and council
candidates to a debate on Oct. 7, both at the Community Campaign Center, 1551
University Ave.,

Issues that will be raised for mayoral candidates include their positions on
city ballot measures, the Downtown Area Plan, the city's financial arrangement
with the University of California, Berkeley's financial health and the West
Berkeley Project. Audience questions will be taken if time allows.

An open house period will be from noon to 5 p.m. and the debate will be 2 to 4
p.m.

The format for the council debate will give candidates three minutes to
introduce themselves and their ambitions, followed by a question period and a
closing statement.

District 2 candidates will go on at 2 p.m., District 3 at 2:50 p.m. and District
5 at 3:25 p.m. Council candidates have been given a list of questions they may
be asked and the remainder will come from the floor in written form.

For more details contact Nigel Guest atneighbors@sufb.org .

Democratic club sets endorsement meeting

An endorsement meeting that will include city council candidates in Berkeley, El
Cerrito and Oakland will be held by the East Bay Stonewall Democratic Club at 7
p.m. Wednesday at 1714 Telegraph Ave. in Oakland.

Endorsements will include state, Alameda County and Berkeley and Oakland ballot
measures. agency seats including BART District 7 and AC Transit Ward 1 and at
large; and Peralta College District Ward 4.

Details:www.eastbaystonewalldemocrats.com

Watershed Poetry Festival returns

The free 17th annual Watershed Environmental Poetry Festival will be held from
noon to 4:30 p.m. Sept. 29 at Civic Center Park at the farmers market, Martin
Luther King Jr. Way at Center Street.

Talent that will take the main stage following the 10 a.m. Strawberry Creek Walk
will include U.S. Poet Laureate Emeritus Robert Hass, Brenda Hillman, Joy Harjo,
Michael McClure, Francisco X. Alarcón, Rebecca Foust, 100 Thousand Poets for
Change, jazz group The Barry Finnerty Trio, California Poets in the Schools,
River of Words and Poetry Inside Out K-12 student poets and the We Are Nature
open mic.

"This year's festival is dedicated to the life and work of the late Berkeley
author Ernest Callenbach, who wrote Ecotopia and appeared at Watershed several
times," organizers say.

There will also be a River Village exhibit area with books, literary magazines,
informational resources an interactive art installation and more.

Details:poetryflash.org/programs/?p=watershed_2012 .

Gray water workshop part of series

The Bringing Back the Natives Garden Tour is offering an inaugural series of
eight fall workshops in the East Bay that will include "Everything You Wanted to
Know Gray Water and Rain Water," to be held from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sept. 29 in
Berkeley.

"Registrants will spend the day at the home of Geoff Holton and Margaret Norman,
learning about their 'laundry-to-landscape' gray water system, which supports a
wetland planted with natives such as cow parsnip, rushes, and sedges, and
surrounded with thimbleberry, sneezeweed and columbine," writes Natives founder
Kathy Kramer. "Gray water from sinks and showers empties into two mulch basins,
providing water to raspberries and other plants."

Rain runoff, meanwhile, is collected and stored for household uses.

The cost is $30 and advance registration is required. To register or get more
details on all the workshops and an Oct. 7 native plant sale,
visitwww.bringingbackthenatives.net .

-- Chris Treadway and Doug Oakley

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

BRIEF: Federal jury convicts Spicer man of tax evasion

BYLINE: David Little, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 177 words


Mar. 12--MINNEAPOLIS -- A federal jury in Minneapolis Th convicted a 71-year-old
Spicer man of evading federal income taxes in 2002 and 2003. Robert Goris was
found guilty of two counts of tax evasion following an eight-day trial. He was
indicted on April 15, 2009.

According to evidence presented at trial, Goris evaded more than $830,000 in
income taxes for tax years 2002 and 2003, despite receiving income of more than
$3.5 million in 2002 and income of more than $400,000 in 2003, said Jeanne
Cooney, director of community relations for the U.S. District Attorney's Office.

Read more on this story Saturday in the West Central Tribune

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100312-YM-BRF-Federal-jury-convicts-Spicer-man-of-tax-evasion-0312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2010 West Central Tribune


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            April 19, 2007 Thursday

Your Town

SECTION: BRIEFS

LENGTH: 580 words

SALINAS

Grand jury indicts man on tax charges

Aformer Salinas man was arrested in Sacramento on Tuesday after a federal grand
jury in San Jose indicted him on three counts of tax evasion, three counts of
filing false corporate tax returns and two counts of unlawful structuring of
currency transactions, according to a U.S. Department of Justice press release.

The indictment alleges that Curtis Leigh Parry, former president of Salinas
Valley Engineering & Manufacturing Inc., substantially understated his taxable
income in corporate tax returns filed between 2000 and 2002.

He is also alleged to have evaded income tax owed during the same period and
knowingly structured currency transactions at a business called Music Center in
2002 for the purpose of evading reporting requirements, according to the
release.

The maximum penalty for each count of tax evasion is five years imprisonment and
a $100,000 fine. Conviction for filing false tax returns could bring up to three
years and a $100,000 fine on each count. Illegally structuring a currency
transaction carries a penalty of five years and a $100,000 fine.

Parry was scheduled to appear in a Sacramento federal court Wednesday.

SALINAS

Man pleads guilty in convenience store robbery

A Salinas man pleaded guilty to robbery for taking part in a conspiracy to steal
more than $300,000 in cash from a convenience store owner, authorities said
Wednesday.

The Associated Press reported that Jose Lito Campos, 28, faces up to 20 years in
prison and $250,000 in fines at his sentencing in federal court in San Jose in
July, according to the U.S. attorney's office.

Campos acted as the ''lookout'' at a Salinas convenience store and check-cashing
business when the owner was assaulted and robbed April 2, 2004, prosecutors
said.

A former bank teller, Christina Maria Flores, had informed her boyfriend, Jorge
Lopez, after the store owner cashed a $314,125 check at the Community Bank of
Central California, prosecutors said. Lopez then told several others, including
Campos and Ramon Romero, who allegedly robbed the owner.

Flores pleaded guilty to robbery in February and faces up to 20 years in federal
prison and a $250,000 fine when she's sentenced in June, prosecutors said.

Romero entered a no-contest plea in exchange for two years in prison and was
eventually deported to Mexico as an illegal immigrant. Lopez remains at large.

SEASIDE

Hospice foundation honors Leon Panetta for early support

Former Central Coast Congressman Leon Panetta is being honored by the National
Hospice Foundation for his support of hospice care during his legislative
career.

In 1982, Panetta was the first legislator in Congress who sought to extend the
federal Medicare program to cover hospice care. Those efforts led to a 1986 law
that permanently put hospice care under Medicare.

Panetta, now at the Leon and Sylvia Panetta Institute for Public Policy at
CSU-Monterey Bay, was recognized at a Washington, D.C., banquet Wednesday held
by the foundation to mark the 25th anniversary of the Medicare hospice benefit.

MONTEREY COUNTY

Trustees appoint Ian Oglesby to fill vacancy in Area 6

Trustees with the Monterey County Office of Education appointed a new member
Wednesday.

Ian Oglesby was picked to fill the vacancy in trustee Area 6. Oglesby, 41, is an
investigative officer with the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation. He fills a spot left vacant by the death of Warner Davis earlier
this year. Oglesby will hold the position until December.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

Hobbs farmer sentenced to 14 years for tax fraud

BYLINE: Carlsbad Current-Argus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 239 words


From staff reports

HOBBS >> A Hobbs farmer was sentenced to serve 14 years in prison Friday for tax
fraud, according to a news release from the Justice Department. Bill Melot was
convicted of tax evasion and program fraud, related to charges that he
fraudulently accepted farm subsidies. In addition to the prison sentence, he was
ordered to pay $18.4 million in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service, and
$226,000 to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Merlot was convicted of tax evasion, failure to file tax returns, making false
statements to the USDA and impeding the IRS following a four-day trial in
Albuquerque. According to court documents, Melot hadn't filed a personal income
tax return since 1986, and owes the IRS more than $25 million in federal taxes,
and more than $7 million in taxes to the state of Texas. He also improperly
collected more than $225,000 in federal farm subsidies from the USDA by giving
false information to the agency, the news release said.

According to court documents, he took numerous steps to conceal his ownership of
250 acres of land in Lea County, including notarizing forged deeds and titling
the property in the name of nominees. He also used false Social Security numbers
and fictitious employer identification numbers to hide his assets, the release
said. He also maintained a bank account in the Bahamas, set up in 1992, and
failed to report the account to the U.S. Treasury Department.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 8, 2011, Friday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P4D

LENGTH: 908 words


River hampers search for missing boater

BECKLEY - High water is hampering the search for the remaining missing boater
from an accident that killed two others on the New River.

Dean Halsey of Lester was one of five men on the boat when it capsized Sunday.

Searchers recovered the bodies of Paul Malone, 23, of Lester and Sam Acord, 49,
of Richmond, Va., earlier this week. Two others survived the accident.

National Park Service Chief Jeff West says runoff from recent rains has
increased water flows in the search area.

West says a search dog hit on an area of interest Wednesday, but high water
prevented boat teams from effectively searching the area. The search resumed
Thursday with more dogs.

Bridgeport doctor faces tax evasion charges

WHEELING - An obstetrician-gynecologist from Bridgeport has been indicted on
federal tax evasion charges.

Prosecutors say Dr. Julie K. McCammon, 56, was charged in a one-count indictment
handed up by a grand jury in Wheeling on Tuesday. She's accused of avoiding
nearly $879,000 in income taxes.

U.S. Attorney William Ihlenfeld says McCammon began taking cash withdrawals from
unreported income in her business accounts in 2006.

In 2007, prosecutors say, McCammon took checks from insurance companies and
third parties, endorsed them and sent them to credit card companies to pay for
her personal expenditures. Those withdrawals allegedly totaled more than
$445,000.

If convicted, she could face a fine of $250,000 and up to five years in prison.

McCammon's attorney, Paul Harris of Wheeling, said it's "unfortunate" the
government has taken this approach.

"Needless to say, we do not believe there's a crime here, or sufficient evidence
to support a conviction," he said. "... It seems that every time tax season
rolls around, the IRS likes to file these cases, and we look forward to being
vindicated in the courtroom."

Putnam woman jailed in husband's shooting

HURRICANE - A Putnam County woman has been arrested after allegedly shooting her
ex-husband in the chest over text messages she found on his phone from other
women.

Joyce Ann Midkiff, 47, of Hurricane, was going through her ex-husband's phone
when she saw text messages from other women, according to a criminal complaint
filed in Putnam County Magistrate Court.

When she confronted her ex-husband, James Phillip Midkiff, at about noon
Thursday, they got into a fight, according to the complaint. Joyce Midkiff
allegedly asked her ex-husband for a .22-caliber pistol that had belonged to her
stepfather, which James threw onto a dresser.

Joyce Midkiff told Putnam sheriff's deputies that she got the gun off the
dresser, her ex-husband turned her around to face him and she shot him in the
chest, according to the complaint.

After being shot, James Midkiff went into the bedroom to pack his belongings and
Joyce Midkiff called 911, saying she had shot her ex-husband and he needed
medical attention, according to the complaint.

She told deputies the couple "had been trying to give their relationship a
second chance," according to the complaint.

James Midkiff was transported to CAMC General Hospital. He was under evaluation
late Thursday afternoon, a nursing supervisor said.

Joyce Midkiff faces malicious-wounding charges. She was taken to the Western
Regional Jail, where she was being held on $100,000 bail.

Woman hit by car on West Washington Street

A Dunbar woman was hit by a car Thursday morning in the parking lot of the
Department of Health and Human Resources building on West Washington Street.

Beverly Veno, 51, of Dunbar, was coming out of the building at about 8:30 a.m.
and walked into the path of a 2003 Dodge Durango driven by Charles Trout, 30, of
Elkview, according to Lt. Bryan Stover of the Kanawha County Sheriff's
Department.

Veno told deputies she thought the truck was stopping, but Trout said he
couldn't see her because the sun was in his eyes, Stover said. The Durango was
going about 5 mph.

Veno received minor injuries to her elbow and was taken to CAMC General
Hospital, Stover said. He said neither Veno nor Trout would be cited.

Witcher Creek man arrested in stabbing

Kanawha County sheriff's deputies have arrested a man in a stabbing incident
near Belle.

Jennings Hancock, 54, of Witcher Creek Road, was charged with malicious wounding
after allegedly stabbing his neighbor with a pocketknife, according to Lt. Bryan
Stover of the Kanawha County Sheriff's Department.

Stover said Hancock and Richard Taylor, a neighbor, got into an argument at
around noon Thursday. Taylor told deputies that Hancock stabbed him as he was
trying to get into his car.

Taylor received minor injuries to his left side and was taken to CAMC General
Hospital, Stover said.

Hancock was in the South Central Regional Jail Thursday evening in lieu of
$25,000 bail.

Drugs found at home in Rand, deputies say

Kanawha County sheriff's deputies serving family court papers on a Rand man
allegedly found marijuana and other drugs on Wednesday.

Lt. Bryan Stover of the Kanawha County Sheriff's Department said deputies went
to the Midland Drive home of Odie Lee Reveal, 51, to serve a family court
warrant. During a search of the house, they found more than four pounds of
marijuana, 120 Valium pills and 36 OxyContin pills, Stover said. They also
allegedly found $2,700 in cash.

Stover said the drugs had a street value of more than $22,000.

Reveal was charged with felony possession of drugs with intent to distribute. He
was free on bail Thursday.

- from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CASTRONEVES PUT IN PARK UNTIL TAX TRIAL RESOLVED

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. D-6

LENGTH: 356 words


Helio Castroneves is being replaced on Team Penske by Australian driver Will
Power -- at least until the two-time Indianapolis 500 winner's tax evasion trial
is resolved. Castroneves, who has pleaded innocent to charges of conspiracy and
tax evasion involving about $5.5 million in income stashed in offshore accounts,
is scheduled to go to trial in Miami March 2, just over a month before the
IndyCar season begins.

More auto racing

Hall of Fame Racing became the latest NASCAR team to use a merger to stave off
collapse, aligning with Yates Racing to keep its operation running into the new
season. Under the new alignment, Hall of Fame's No. 96 will switch to Ford and
operate out of Yates' recently expanded facility. No driver was chosen for the
No. 96, which used multiple drivers last season after J.J. Yeley was fired
midway through the year.

Gymnastics

Reigning Olympic all-around gold medalist Nastia Liukin, 19, said she's thinking
about the world championships this year and possibly the Olympics in 2012 at
London.

Though it hasn't happened in a while, it's not unheard of for an Olympic
champion to try for a repeat. Most notably, Nadia Comaneci came back after her
history-making, perfect-10 performance in Montreal. She finished second in
Moscow. Liukin is not a great age for most woman gymnasts to be thinking about a
four-year extension. But she's also tall (5 feet 3 is considered tall for
gymnasts) and lithe, probably not as susceptible to changes in her physique that
might derail her skills.

Golf

Peter Jacobsen withdrew from the Champions Skins Game this week in Kaanapali,
Hawaii, because of a shoulder injury, and was replaced by Ben Crenshaw.
Jacobsen, who teamed with Fuzzy Zoeller to win this event a year ago with six
skins worth $320,000, said he tweaked his left shoulder while hitting balls last
week.

Tennis

The last of the seeded players was knocked out of the Hobart International in
Australia when Flavia Pennetta of Italy was beaten, 7-5, 6-3, by Slovakia's
Magdalena Rybarikova. Pennetta, the No. 1 seed and No. 13 in the world rankings,
struggled with her serve and was broken five times in the second round.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PALM BEACHER AGREES TO PAY $105 MILLION TO SETTLE TAX CHARGES

BYLINE: By MICHELE DARGAN Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7E

LENGTH: 220 words


Part-time Palm Beach resident Stanley S. Tollman, a former manager in The
Chesterfield's parent company, has pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion
and agreed to pay a total of $105 million to settle various fraud charges
related to a multimillion-dollar tax evasion scheme.

Tollman and his wife, Beatrice, will forfeit their Palm Beach home if they fail
to make any of the scheduled payments, according to the federal plea agreement.
They also had to pledge homes in the New York City and New Preston, Conn., as
collateral.

The U.S. government has been trying to extradite Tollman from Great Britain for
six years on various fraud and tax evasion charges related to a 2002 33-count
indictment naming him and six business associates. The government also sought to
extradite Beatrice Tollman, who was later charged with tax fraud.

A London judge ruled against extraditing both Tollmans last year, calling it
"unjust and oppressive" and citing Beatrice Tollman's ill health.

As part of his plea, Tollman admitted that from 1994-99, he and his wife
received about $18 million in income from The Travel Corp. that he knowingly
failed to report to the Internal Revenue Service.

Tollman entered his guilty plea Nov. 21 via video link from London, according to
Michael Garcia, the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           October 07, 2006 Saturday

Heaton gets permanent U.S. attorney position

BYLINE: By Kurt Erickson;kurt.erickson@lee.net

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 267 words


SPRINGFIELD - President Bush has formally appointed an Illinois native to be the
top federal prosecutor in the state's central district.

Rodger Heaton, 47, has served as interim U.S. attorney for the 46-county region
since Dec. 1, when he took over for former prosecutor Jan Paul Miller, who left
to go into private practice.

Heaton, who was raised in Lexington, has prosecuted a number of federal criminal
cases since 1989, ranging from bribery to tax evasion.

His office recently won a case against Cecil Turner, a former top aide to
Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, who was convicted by a federal jury in
Peoria of helping three state janitors get paid for hours they did not work.

In the late 1990s, Heaton handled the tax evasion prosecution of former Arkansas
Gov. Jim Guy Tucker.

In a prepared statement, Heaton said, "We will dedicate our efforts to pursue
justice through vigorous, ethical and impartial enforcement of the laws of the
United States."

Heaton received his law degree from Indiana University. He started his career as
a federal prosecutor in 1989. He went into private practice from 2001 to 2003,
but returned to the U.S. attorney's office in May 2003 as chief of the civil
division.

The position pays about $143,000.

The district ranges from Rock Island in the north to Paris on the eastern side
of the state. It is headquartered in Springfield with branch offices in Urbana,
Peoria and Rock Island.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 9, 2002 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Busy Week For the U.S. In Its PursuitOf Tax Rebels

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1184 words


The Justice Department this week moved on several fronts against tax evasion and
the promotion of evasion schemes. Such moves had become so rare in recent years
that promoters boasted about not paying taxes and won clients with claims that
the government's not coming after them proved that taxes are voluntary.

The most significant development came in Las Vegas, where an eight-year prison
sentence was imposed on Max C. Tanner, 55, a former Internal Revenue Service
lawyer who evaded $2 million in taxes on profits from a stock swindle. Mr.
Tanner, who was taken directly to prison, was also fined $3.2 million and
ordered to forfeit $1.2 million in assets. Mark Lytle, the federal prosecutor,
called it "a significant sentence for a white-collar crime."

Mr. Tanner ran a scheme out of the Empire State Building to sell 1.8 million
shares of stock, at up to $9.37 a share, in Maid Aide, which turned out to be a
one-woman cleaning service in Las Vegas. He funneled the money through Canada to
the Cayman Islands to evade all taxes.

Mr. Tanner asserted that despite his work for the I.R.S., he sincerely believed
that he was not required to pay taxes. A jury rejected that defense a year ago,
and Mr. Tanner told Judge Kent Dawson in Federal District Court yesterday that
he suffered from an emotional disorder, mitigating his responsibility for the
crimes.

The Justice Department also sought injunctions against promoters of tax evasion
schemes in Tampa, Fla.; Newark and Nashville and moved closer to obtaining such
injunctions in Cincinnati and Harrisburg, Pa. In Denver, a federal grand jury
handed up indictments for selling tax evasion schemes against three men, one of
whose clients has already been sentenced to prison for tax evasion.

Of the five civil injunction cases, the most significant was filed in Tampa
against Carel A. (Chad) Prater of Nokomis, Fla.; an associate, Richard W.
Cantwell; and his many businesses, including Goldcoast Enterprises, Tax Escape
Service and Family Values International. Clients paid Mr. Prater as much as
$20,000 for advice on how to not owe taxes, advice the Justice Department said
was "worthless, even harmful" and had cost the government at least $18 million
in taxes.

Mr. Prater, 64, has contracts with at least 956 clients to pay him $3.6 million,
the suit filed in Federal District Court in Tampa said, citing documents
obtained in a March 7 raid by I.R.S. agents. His contracts are based on the 861
position, named after a tax code section; the claim is that most Americans do
not owe tax unless they work for foreign-owned companies.

Mr. Prater uses the title "doctor," but acknowledged under oath this year that
he had not received a doctoral degree for his studies of the movements of
golfers, as he had claimed. He has a long criminal history, according to The
Ledger, a Lakeland, Fla., newspaper that said public records show convictions
since 1983 for possession of cocaine for sale, insurance fraud, credit card
fraud, violation of probation and domestic violence. An associate of Mr. Prater
said he had no comment.

Mr. Prater has also worked closely with David Bosset of Clearwater, Fla., whom
the same federal court has already ordered to stop promoting similar schemes.
Mr. Bosset sought clients by displaying a $21,916 I.R.S. refund of taxes that he
had withheld from his employee paychecks. In an interview, however, Mr. Bosset
said that he did not return this money to his workers, but instead pocketed it.
The I.R.S. said it issued the refund by mistake.

Part of the Prater scheme, the Justice Department said, was filing documents
with county clerks that purportedly eliminate tax obligations. In Sarasota,
Fla., at least 1,295 such affidavits have been filed.

Karen E. Rushing, the clerk of the state circuit court in Sarasota, said that
she was aware that the filings were used to promote tax evasion, but said that
"for the most part Florida clerks have no authority to refuse anything"
presented for filing. Ms. Rushing said that she had not sought a legal opinion
on whether she could refuse to file the Prater affidavits and that she did not
intend to raise the issue with the Florida Legislature.

In Newark, the Justice Department sought a federal court injunction on Thursday
against Richard Haraka, a Clifton, N.J., resident who owns the Taxgate.com Web
site. The department contends Mr. Harakas has been interfering with enforcement
of the federal tax laws and promoting the 861 position. Mr. Haraka did not
respond to an e-mail message requesting comment.

The government filed suit earlier against Thurston P. Bell, who uses that Web
site to promote his version of the 861 position. In Harrisburg, Pa., on Tuesday,
a federal judge again delayed the government's request for an injunction to stop
him and retrieve his client lists.

In Denver, a federal grand jury indicted three men on Tuesday on charges
involving what the government says is an offshore tax evasion scheme that hid $9
million in taxable income. Paul D. Harris and Lester R. Retherford, both of
Colorado, and Robert N. Bedford of Florida, operating through Tower Executive
Resources, charged a $50,000 fee to small-business owners to set up shell
companies in the Turks and Caicos Islands intended to evade taxes, the
indictment said. Efforts to contact the three men were unsuccessful.

One client, John Mikutowicz, 51, of Mashpee, Mass., the owner of AGM Marine
Inc., which builds piers and bridges in New England, has been convicted of tax
evasion and false filing. In September, he was sentenced to a year and a day in
prison, but is contesting the sentence.

In Cincinnati, a federal magistrate on Thursday recommended that a district
judge issue an injunction barring Robert Welti, a certified public accountant in
Ripley, Ohio, from preparing tax returns citing the 861 position or using
abusive trust schemes. Mr. Welti charged $2,400 for each tax return using bogus
trusts in Belize, at a total cost to the government of $3 million, the Justice
Department said in court papers. Mr. Welti did not respond to a message left at
his home.

In Nashville, the Justice Department sought an injunction to stop Thomas Edward
Settles, a lawyer from Murfreesboro, Tenn., from "creating multiple sham
entities" for clients to evade taxes. Mr. Settles did not respond to messages at
his office.

The Justice Department has not made any move against four leading advocates of
the 861 position who boast about not paying taxes. Larken Rose, a Philadelphia
medical transcriptionist, has dared the Justice Department to indict him for not
paying taxes since 1997. Two California businessmen -- Al Thompson, owner of
Cencal Aviation in Lake Shasta, and Nick Jesson, owner of N.T.D. Electronics in
Huntington Beach -- who do not withhold taxes from their workers' paychecks, say
that the government does not act against them for fear of exposing the tax laws
as a hoax. Dick Simkanin, owner of Arrow Customs Plastics in Bedford, Tex., who
also does not withhold, sued Attorney General John Ashcroft last year and vowed
to destroy with fire any government officials who move against him.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 6, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

COURTS

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE G2; FANFARE

LENGTH: 209 words


A federal judge refused to drop the cocaine and tax-evasion charges against
Thomas Gioiosa, whose trial has left former housemate Pete Rose implicated in
tax fraud.

U.S. District Judge S. Arthur Spiegel rejected a motion by defense lawyers to
acquit Gioiosa of the charges, including a charge of claiming on his taxes a
racetrack ticket that belonged to Rose.

The government rested its case against Gioiosa, 31, who faces up to 38 years in
jail and a $ 2 million fine if convicted on the charges of conspiracy to
distribute cocaine and tax evasion.

During the first phase of the trial, the government presented seven witnesses
who implicated Gioiosa and Rose in a scheme to defraud the IRS by having Gioisa
claim Rose's racetrack winnings.

Rose hasn't been charged but is being investigated by a federal grand jury in
Cincinnati regarding income from gambling, memorabilia sales and autograph
appearances.

Gioiosa is accused of falsely claiming a $ 47,646 Pik Six ticket from Turfway
Park in northern Kentucky on his taxes. Gioiosa has pleaded not guilty to all
charges, and Rose has denied any involvement in the 1987 incident. However three
witnesses -- including the track oddsmaker -- testified last week that Rose
bought the ticket.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 1, 1989, Saturday, Final Edition

Sharpton Pleads Not Guilty to Tax-Evasion Charges in N.Y.

BYLINE: Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, June 30, 1989


The Rev. Al Sharpton, the flamboyant Brooklyn minister who gained nationwide
notoriety in the Tawana Brawley case, was freed on $ 20,000 bail today after
pleading not guilty to tax evasion.

Sharpton, 34, evaded $ 35,000 in taxes by filing no state tax return in 1986 and
a false return in 1987, prosecutors said at a court hearing in Albany.

On Thursday, Sharpton was arraigned in Manhattan on a related indictment
charging him with more than 60 counts of fraud, grand larceny and falsification
of business records. State Attorney General Robert Abrams, who obtained both
indictments, said Sharpton misappropriated at least $ 250,000 from the National
Youth Movement, an antidrug organization he founded. Sharpton faces 11 years in
prison if convicted.

Among the charitable donors allegedly victimized by Sharpton were developer
Donald J. Trump, boxing promoter Don King, CBS, Warner Communications,
Coca-Cola, Miller Brewing Co. and several record companies.

Asked to enter a plea during the Manhattan hearing, Sharpton said: "I think the
attorney general is insane." He later raised his handcuffed arms in a victory
salute.

Sharpton, a Pentecostal preacher without a congregation and an outspoken adviser
to Brawley, tried to turn the case into a symbol of racial injustice. The
Dutchess County teenager claimed she had been abducted and raped by several
white men in November 1987, but a grand jury probe supervised by Abrams
concluded last fall that Brawley fabricated the story.

Sharpton and Brawley's lawyers, Alton Maddox Jr. and C. Vernon Mason, denounced
the probe as a coverup but produced no evidence to support Brawley's story.

Maddox charged Abrams with conducting a "political witch hunt" and seeking
"retribution" against Sharpton. Abrams responded that his investigation was
triggered by a newspaper story a year before Brawley's disappearance.

Timothy Gilles, a spokesman for Abrams, said investigators allege that the $
250,000 Sharpton raised for the youth group "was used for his personal benefit.
In effect, the allegation is that he pocketed the bulk of the money."

Prosecutors said Sharpton siphoned off the donations after promising donors that
the money would be spent on an antidrug magazine, a benefit concert, antidrug
commercials by celebrities and other programs. Although Sharpton represented his
group as having 30,000 members in 16 cities, Gilles said: "This was an outfit
that was basically Al Sharpton and a few of his associates. Its staff was never
more than a handful of people paid on a sporadic basis by Sharpton."

In an interview last year, Sharpton said he saw no reason why blacks should pay
taxes. "If we do not have a justice system that protects us, what are we paying
for?" he asked.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 26, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Posner Jury Being Picked

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 11, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 172 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, July 25


Jury selection began today in the tax evasion trial of Victor Posner, the Miami
Beach financier, after a Federal judge delayed action on a request that his
co-defendant, William Scharrer Sr., be tried separately.

Judge Eugene P. Spellman also withheld a decision on another request from Edward
Bennett Williams, Mr. Posner's lawyer, that separate juries be used if the
defendants were tried together.

Mr. Posner owns, controls or has interests in some 200 companies, including the
Sharon Steel Corporation and the Royal Crown Companies.

The defendants are charged with inflating the value of land that Mr. Posner gave
to Miami Christian College in the 1970's. Mr. Posner, who is 65 years old,
claimed the gift as a tax deduction. He also faces charges of income tax evasion
and filing false income tax returns. If convicted on all counts, Mr. Posner
faces up to 40 years in jail and a $75,000 fine. Mr. Scharrer, a Miami real
estate broker, is charged with aiding the filing of false tax returns and aiding
tax evasion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday
                              SAT REGIONAL Edition

Briefs

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 479 words


DOUG BRUCE CONVICTIONS ARE UPHELD

The Colorado Court of Appeals upheld the convictions for tax evasion and other
charges that sent anti tax activist Douglas Bruce to jail for six months in
2012.

The court's three judge panel on Thursday declined to overturn Bruce's
convictions in Denver District Court. He was found guilty of tax evasion, filing
a false tax return, and failure to file a return or pay taxes.

Firefighter's funeral set for Tuesday. Services for fallen firefighter John
Whelan will be held at 9:30 a.m. Tuesday at Faith Bible Chapel, 6250 Wright St.
in Arvada.

The funeral service will be followed by a procession past Denver Fire Station 8,
1616 Park Ave., to Mount Olivet Cemetery, 12801 W. 44th Ave. in Wheat Ridge.

The service and interment will not be open to the public, but all friends and
uniformed first responders are welcome. Members of the public wishing to pay
their respects are encouraged to line the processional route.

Whelan, a 15 year veteran of the department, succumbed to injuries he sustained
while fighting a fire June 28.

He passed away Wednesday and is survived by his wife and young son.

VA names regional clinic manager. The Department of Veterans Affairs' medical
center in Denver has named a new regional manager of its southern Colorado
clinics.

Nathan Nidiffer will oversee health care services to 35,000 veterans at seven
clinics in southern and eastern counties.

He most recently worked at Penrose Hospital in Colorado Springs as director of
business analysis and financial systems. He also served in various positions in
an Air Force career.

Carolyn Adams, interim director of the Denver medical center, said Nidiffer's
military and civilian experience "will be valuable assets for the veterans of
southern Colorado we are honored to serve."

Man injured by fireworks plans to suevail A man who was injured by misfired
fireworks is planning to sue the company that ran the show in Avon, about 10
miles west of Vail.

Attorney Rohn Robbins sent a notice, as required by state law, to Western
Enterprises. It says his client intends to sue the company and the town of Avon
over the July 3 incident.

The town's attorney says he can't comment.

Western Enterprises CEO Jim Burnett said he was unaware of any planned
litigation.

He said the company's insurance carrier has been in contact with the nine people
burned in the accident.

An investigation into the misfired shells is ongoing.

Man found in creek is identifiedaspen Authorities have identified a man whose
body was recovered from the Roaring Fork River downstream from the Devil's
Punchbowl area up Independence Pass.

Pitkin County Sheriff Joe DiSalvo said 31 year old Will Graham's body was pulled
from the river Wednesday. Graham had been missing since June 4, when it's
believed he jumped into the Devil's Punchbowl during high water. Hikers spotted
his body Wednesday. Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 6, 2011 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

Pelham man, 62, gets 15 months for tax evasion

BYLINE: By Lisa Redmond, lredmond@lowellsun.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 394 words


BOSTON -- A 62-year-old Pelham man was sentenced to 15 months in federal prison
after admitting to tax evasion and assisting in filing false tax returns after
he allegedly hid the profits of his work with a Norwood-based asbestos-removal
company.

From 2001 to 2005, James Espinola engaged in a scheme to evade income-tax
payments with alleged co-conspirators, Darrell Maclean and Charles Smith, owners
of Suburban Middlesex Insulation, according to prosecutors from the U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Suburban Middlesex Insulation Inc., used teams of trained laborers that were
supplied by temporary employment agencies to perform asbestos abatement in
industrial and public buildings, such as New Bedford, Fall River and Brockton.

Espinola supplied temporary laborers to Suburban. In exchange, Suburban paid
Espinola each week an amount based on the hours his employees worked.

Prosecutors allege that over a four-year period, Espinola, Maclean and Smith
evaded income-tax payments by having Espinola cash checks for them and declare
those checks as business expenses on Suburban's tax returns, according to
prosecutors.

Each week, either Maclean or Smith allegedly gave Espinola a second, larger
check made payable to Espinola or his company.

Those checks, $5,000 to $15,000, were deposited into Espinola's bank account.
The money was later withdrawn, minus a portion for himself, and delivered to
Maclean and Smith.

Suburban's tax returns stated that all checks to Espinola were business expenses
instead of income.

For tax years 2001 to 2005, Maclean and Smith allegedly cheated the government
out of $981,880 and $538,571 in tax payments, respectively, according to
prosecutors.

Espinola was accused of hiding $372,410 of additional tax revenue by falsely
reporting his income for the same years.

Maclean and Smith have also been charged and pleaded innocent to the
allegations. Their cases are pending.

This wasn't Espinola's first time in court. In October, a New Hampshire jury
awarded Dr. Reginald P. Danboise, a dentist, $198,000 on a defamation claim and
$67,500 on an invasion-of-privacy claim.

The jury also awarded Danboise's wife, Mary, $37,400 on a defamation claim and
$25,600 for invasion of privacy.

Espinola conceded that he sent to Reginald Danboise's friends and relatives
pamphlets in which he made accusations against husband and wife, according to
court documents.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 7, 2011



CORRECTION: A headline in yesterday's editions incorrectly stated the
tax-evasion sentence of James Espinola of Pelham. Espinola was sentenced to 15
months in federal prison.

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

WILLIAMS SISTERS SPLIT IN FRENCH DRAW

BYLINE: From local and wire dispatches

SECTION: SPORTS; MORNING BRIEFING; Pg. C-5

LENGTH: 279 words


Serena and Venus Williams were drawn into opposite sides of the French Open
field yesterday, while the men's semifinals could pit four-time defending
champion Rafael Nadal against Andy Murray, and Roger Federer against Novak
Djokovic.

Trying to become the first man to win five consecutive French Opens, top-seeded
Nadal will begin against a qualifier. He could meet past No. 1 Lleyton Hewitt in
the third round. Federer's bid to tie Pete Sampras with a record 14 major
singles title will start against Alberto Martin of Spain.

Auto racing

Federal prosecutors in Miami dropped the remaining tax evasion conspiracy charge
against two-time Indianapolis 500 champion Helio Castroneves and his sister,
clearing the Brazilian driver of all the charges that once threatened to derail
his career. Castroneves, 34, one of the favorites for the Indy 500 tomorrow, his
sister Katiucia, 35, and his lawyer were acquitted of other tax evasion charges
by a jury April 17.

College basketball

Alex Kellogg (6 feet 7, 225 pounds), son of former NBA player and current TV
analyst Clark Kellogg, transferred from Providence to Ohio University and will
be eligible to play for the Bobcats at the start of the 2010-11 season.

Swimming

Dara Torres beat her own American record in the 50-meter butterfly at the Texas
Senior Circuit No. 2 meet at College Station, Texas. Torres, 42, who won three
silver medals in Beijing last summer, touched the wall in 25.72 seconds in the
final, improving on her record time of 25.84 seconds from the morning
preliminaries.

Boxing

The Golden Gloves novice and cadet finals begin at 7:30 p.m. today at the
Sheraton, Station Square. For more information call, 412-298-7373.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 19, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

IN THE SPOTLIGHT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 310 words


Hatch will plead guilty to tax evasion charges

PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Richard Hatch, who became a millionaire when he won the first
Survivor reality show, has agreed to plead guilty to two counts of tax evasion
for failing to report income, including the $1.01 million he won on the show.

Federal prosecutors charged that Mr. Hatch, 43, filed false 2000 and 2001 tax
returns, omitting his income from the CBS show, and another $321,000 he was paid
by a Boston radio station.

The penalty could be as much as five years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine
for each charge.

However, as part of the plea agreement filed Tuesday in federal court, the U.S.
attorney's office said it would recommend a lesser sentence.

The agreement isn't binding, and Mr. Hatch could still choose to plead not
guilty and proceed to trial.

CBS will probably replace Dan Rather on the evening news with a multi-anchor,
perhaps multi-city format that changes the "antiquated" way of reporting the
day's top stories, CBS chief Leslie Moonves said Tuesday. Mr. Moonves, who will
ultimately select Mr. Rather's replacement, said he believes many young viewers
are turned off by a single "voice of God" anchor in the Internet age.

Red-carpet fashion maven Steven Cojocaru has undergone a successful kidney
transplant. Mr. Cojocaru, who has polycystic kidney disease, said Monday that he
was thankful for the transplant of a friend's organ Friday.

When Melania Knauss walks down the aisle to marry real estate mogul Donald
Trump, she'll be wearing a sumptuous gown by Christian Dior. Ms. Knauss chose
the gown during the haute couture shows in Paris. She models the gown - which
took 550 hours of labor just to do the embroidery - on the cover of Vogue's
February issue. Ms. Knauss will marry Mr. Trump on Saturday in Palm Beach, Fla.
It will be the third marriage for Mr. Trump.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 19, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

READERS COMMENT;
HIDING FROM TAXES

SECTION: Section 3; Page 2, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 393 words


To the Business Editor: Regarding ''How Tax Evasion Has Grown'' (March 15):
Estimates that the underground economy - primarily economic activity that is
itself legal, but goes unreported for tax purposes -comprises 7 percent to 10
percent of gross national product are reasonable, but the notion that the
underground sector is gaining share is almost certainly incorrect.

In fact, the underground share of G.N.P. has probably declined by one-third or
one-half over the past generation. The reason: Both the opportunity and the
incentive to cheat on one's taxes have declined rather steadily since the
1950's.

As mentioned in the article, it is self-employed professionals and
small-business men who are best positioned to under-report income.  But this
group, which represented more than 20 percent of the labor force in 1947, is
less than 10 percent of the labor force today.  Given estimates (mentioned in
the article) that the self-employed fail to report 40 percent of their income,
and assuming that corporations and their employees can only hide 5 percent of
their income, the underground economy accounted for 8.3 percent of national
income in 1980, down from 14.2 percent in 1947.

In addition, it is far from clear that people's motivation for tax evasion
should have increased over the past 30 years. To be sure, the average tax burden
has increased - but by an amount equal to ''only'' 5 percent to 7 percent of
personal income. Meanwhile, top marginal tax rates on earned income, which were
90 percent plus until 1963, have been 50 percent since 1972.

There is, of course, by definition, no direct way to measure underground
economic activity. But the above considerations suggest that the only thing
about the underground economy that is growing is the amount of attention it
receives.  DAVID A. LEVINE Economist, Sanford C. Bernstein & Company New York,
N.Y., March 18, 1981
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Letters on Page 17

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Drawing of a flashlight

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 13, 2010 Saturday

Spicer man convicted of tax evasion

BYLINE: David Little, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Mar. 13--MINNEAPOLIS -- A federal jury on Thursday in Minneapolis convicted a
71-year-old Spicer man of evading federal income taxes in 2002 and 2003. Robert
Goris was found guilty of two counts of tax evasion following an eight-day
trial. He was indicted on April 15, 2009.

According to evidence presented at trial, Goris evaded more than $830,000 in
income taxes for tax years 2002 and 2003, despite receiving income of more than
$3.5 million in 2002 and income of more than $400,000 in 2003, said Jeanne
Cooney, director of community relations for the U.S. District Attorney's Office.

On his 2002 tax return, Goris reported his total tax as zero and claimed a
$15,000 refund, even though he knew he owed substantial tax and wasn't entitled
to a refund. Then, on his 2003 tax return, Goris failed to report income of more
than $300,000 and did not pay any tax on the hidden money.

Trial evidence showed how Goris developed schemes to evade taxes, including
creating companies that were purportedly owned by trusts he controlled. In one
such instance, Goris arranged for portions of his income to be paid to one of
those companies, and from there, he transferred it to the trusts.

Then, from the trust accounts, he spent the money on himself but failed to
report it as income on his tax returns.

Following Thursday's conviction, Julio LaRosa, special agent in charge of the
IRS Criminal Investigation Division in St. Paul, said, "Abusive trust schemes
unfairly shift the tax burden to honest American taxpayers. Today's verdict is a
positive message to those complying with their tax obligations that the IRS and
the U.S. Attorney's Office works diligently to identify and prosecute those who
evade their taxes."

For his crimes, Goris faces a potential maximum penalty of five years in prison
on each tax evasion count. U.S. District Court Judge Ann Montgomery will
determine his sentence at a future date, yet to be scheduled.

This case is the result of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service's
Criminal Investigation Division. It is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Michael L. Cheever and Kimberly A. Svendsen, said Cooney.

To see more of the West Central Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wctrib.com. Copyright (c) 2010, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100313-YM-Spicer-man-convicted-of-tax-evasion-0313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2010 West Central Tribune


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

Probe Targets Tax Evasion By Wealthy New Yorkers

BYLINE: JOSEPH GOLDSTEIN -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 768 words


The Manhattan district attorney is opening an investigation into possible tax
evasion by wealthy New Yorkers through banks in Switzerland and Liechtenstein, a
top prosecutor in the district attorney's office told The New York Sun.

District Attorney Robert Morgenthau's inquiry will draw on work begun by the
U.S. Senate's Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, which last month issued
a report detailing how two banks, UBS and LGT, eased the way for Americans to
hide assets and avoid paying taxes to the IRS.

The Manhattan district attorney's office has requested the subcommittee's file
on each bank in order to pursue tax cases against New Yorkers, the office's no.
2 official, Daniel Castleman, said in an interview.

The Senate authorized the subcommittee to share its files with law enforcement
agencies.

"We'd like to find New York residents and companies that are sending money
offshore to avoid taxes so that we can charge them criminally and recover tax
money for the state and city," Mr. Castleman, whose title is chief assistant
district attorney, said.

UBS's offshore banking services for Americans have already drawn the attention
of the federal Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Federal prosecutors in Miami recently obtained a guilty plea and cooperation
from a former UBS executive, Bradley Birkenfeld, for helping a California
billionaire, Igor Olenicoff, to evade taxes. Olenicoff, who last year pleaded
guilty to tax charges, is the only UBS customer so far to be charged with a
crime as part of the investigation.

Federal prosecutors are seeking from UBS the names of the Americans who hold
some 19,000 accounts that the bank never disclosed to the Internal Revenue
Service. The bank told the Senate subcommittee that these accounts may
cumulatively hold as much as $17.9 billion. It's unclear whether UBS will
provide the names or argue that Swiss banking regulations prohibit such a
disclosure.

Even so, the federal investigation into UBS is already generating work for
criminal defense attorneys in New York, as Americans with assets offshore seek
legal counsel. Two defense lawyers interviewed yesterday, who did not want their
cases public, said that either they or their firm had been retained as part of a
federal investigation.

An unwillingness on UBS's part to disclose the identity of account holders could
stymie any investigation into tax evasion by account holders.

Swiss bank secrecy regulations could prove to be a "big issue," Mr. Castleman
said.

Legal observers say that offshore tax evasion cases against bank clients could
also come through information provided by bankers who cooperate with the
investigation.

"There's no such thing as omerta in the financial industry," a defense attorney
who is not involved in the investigation, Thomas Curran of the Manhattan firm
Ganfer & Shore, said.

Bank secrecy may prove less of an obstacle to a tax investigation of clients
with offshore assets at LGT, some of whose identities are literally up for sale.
The IRS announced earlier this year that it is investigating more than 100
American taxpayers in connection with Liechtenstein accounts. The announcement
came shortly after news broke that a former LGT employee was offering, for a
price, confidential company data on the accounts of some 1,400 persons to tax
authorities in several countries.

Both the former LGT employee, Heinrich Keiber, and Birkenfeld, the convicted UBS
banker, provided testimony for the Senate subcommittee, according the report.

Mr. Morgenthau has long made pursuing tax evasion through the use of offshore
accounts a priority for his office. While such cases might seem the purview of
the federal government, the IRS doesn't demand local back taxes as part of any
tax settlement. As a result, Mr. Morgenthau's office can make tax cases on
behalf of New York without any interference from the federal government.

In one notable investigation, his office made a string of cases more than five
years ago against New Yorkers who were using credit cards linked to Caribbean
bank accounts as a way to stash and spend unreported income. Foreign bank
secrecy regulations limited the scope of that investigation as the office was
unable to learn the identities of the account-holders for the vast majority of
transactions in New York involving such credit cards. The office did manage to
make a handful of cases against customers who used the credit cards for
purchases in which they gave their name, such as car rentals.

Spokesmen for LGT and UBS did not offer comments responding to news that Mr.
Morgenthau would pursue an investigation.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 28, 2003 Tuesday

Two men charged in tax evasion scheme

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER


A businessman and an accountant have been indicted in connection with a tax
evasion scheme. William L. Tiner, owner of WLT Software of Florida in
Clearwater, was arrested in North Carolina Friday on four counts of income tax
evasion and three counts of filing a false corporate tax return, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Office.   Also charged with two counts of aiding in the
filing of false income tax returns is Michael Maricle, a Clearwater accountant.
Maricle has agreed to plead to those charges, federal authorities said. They
said Tiner evaded $950,000 in taxes from 1996 to 1999 through a trust scheme
marketed by the Aegis Co. Tiner also is accused of falsifying corporate tax
returns by claiming that deductions were management fees, when in fact they were
payments to him, authorities said. Maricle was a sub-promoter of Aegis who
marketed the program to other clients in the Tampa Bay area and prepared
numerous returns to evade taxes, authorities said. The prosecution of the men is
part of a nationwide tax investigation. Federal authorities said they could say
no more about the investigation on Monday. If convicted, Tiner could face up to
29 years in prison and Maricle, six years.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

SERIES: PINELLAS DIGEST

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 24, 2001, Saturday

INSIDE THOSE CLINTON PARDONS Bill Clinton granted 140 pardons and several dozen
prison commutations in the wa ning hours of his presidency. Here's a list of
some of those who received clemen cy and the powerful presidential friends who
aided them:

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 422 words

PARDON/COMMUTATION RECIPIENT (* indicates commutation),   DESCRIPTION OF CRIME,
POLITICAL INSIDER, COMMENTARY

Marc Rich, Pincus Green, Indicted on 51 counts of tax evasion, racketeering and
fraud.  Jack Quinn, former White House counsel Denise Rich, ex-wife and major
Clinton donor.  Rich and Green are living in Europe; investigations are probing
possible wrongdoing in the giving and receiving of the pardons.

Almon Glenn Braswell.  Mail fraud, perjury and tax evasion. Hugh Rodham,
President's brother-in-law Kendall Coffey, Florida attorney who represented Al
Gore in his vote-recount effort.  Braswell is the target of a federal
investigation into a massive tax evasion and money-laundering scheme.

Carlos Vignali Jr.  Conspiracy to distribute cocaine. Hugh Rodham.   Vignali,
the son of a wealthy Los Angeles political contributor, was sentenced to 175
months in prison. He served 67 months.

Robert Fain, James Manning. Tax evasion. William Cunningham, Hillary Rodham
Clinton's campaign treasurer Harold Ickes, Clinton adviser Harry Thomason,
friend of Clintons.  Fain and Manning were among five executives caught skimming
$1.3 million in profits from Bonanza steakhouses.

William Fugazy. Perjury. Bernard Nussbaum, former White House counsel.  Fugazy,
a confidant of several politicians, including Mayor Giuliani, won pardon,
despite objection of U.S. attorney's office.

Patricia Hearst Shaw. Bank robbery.  Jimmy Carter, former President.   Carter
commuted Shaw's seven-year prison sentence. Shaw had been seeking a full pardon
for more than a decade.

James Lake.  Illegal corporate campaign contributions. Terry McAuliffe,
Democratic national chairman and Clinton friend.  Lake, a former campaign
adviser to ex-President Ronald Reagan, pleaded guilty to an illegal campaign
contribution scheme.

Salim Lewis.  Securities fraud.  Douglas Eakeley, former Clinton classmate.
Lewis was charged in the insider-trading scandal involving Ivan Boesky, the
disgraced former takeover stock speculator.

Charles Morgan.  Conspiracy to distribute cocaine.  William Kennedy, former
White House associate counsel.   Morgan, an Arkansan, spent three years behind
bars. His stepfather, George Billingsley, donated $42,200 to Democrats in the
1990s.

Melvin Reynolds*.  Corruption. The Rev. Jesse Jackson, Clinton ally.   Jackson,
who is involved in a sex scandal, was apparently a key player in helping
Reynolds, a former Illinois congressman involved in his own sex scandal.Source:
Daily News research


LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Former University of Miami Director of Finance Sentenced for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of
Florida has issued the following news release:



  A former University of Miami Director of Finance was sentenced to 37 months in
prison, to be followed by 1 year of supervised release for committing tax
evasion and failing to report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) $2.3 million
that she embezzled from the university.





 Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
and Kelly R. Jackson, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), made the announcement.



 Kimberly Jean Miller, 58, previously pled guilty to four counts of tax evasion,
in violation of Title 26, United States Code, Section 7201.



 According to court documents, from 2002 until 2012, Miller was the director of
finance at the University of Miami's Rosensteil School of Marine and Atmospheric
Science (RSMAS). The defendant's job responsibilities included overseeing the
payment of RSMAS's vendor invoices. Between 2002 and 2012, Miller used her
authority at RSMAS to embezzle $2.3 million from the University of Miami by
falsifying invoices from a vendor called International Assets. Specifically,
Miller altered the International Assets invoices so that the company name would
appear as "Inter, Inc." and the checks would be mailed back to RSMAS, instead of
to International Assets directly. Miller then deposited the "Inter, Inc." checks
into a business bank account in the name Intercontinental Oceans, Inc., a
company Miller opened in 1993.



 Between 2008 and 2011, Miller prepared her own tax returns and knowingly failed
to report to the IRS the money she had unlawfully obtained through her
embezzlement scheme. Miller owes the IRS an additional $329,020 in income taxes
for her 2008 through 2011 tax returns.



 Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of IRS-CI.  The case was
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amanda Perwin.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Former Finance Director of Pit River Tribe Indicted for Tax Evasion,
Failure to File a Tax Return, and Theft from the Pit River Tribe

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Kenley Black, 41, formerly of Burney, California, was arrested today at his
home in Ft. Defiance, Arizona on charges of tax evasion, failure to file income
taxes, and embezzlement and theft from a tribal organization, United States
Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced.





 A federal grand jury returned a 25-count indictment on Thursday, March 24,
2016, against Kenley, who served as the the Finance Director for the Pit River
Tribe from 2009 to 2013. Black is not a member of the Pit River Tribe.



 According to court documents, while employed as Finance Director, Black earned
over $810,000 yet did not file income taxes and evaded paying over $225,000 in
taxes. He is charged with five counts of tax evasion and five counts of failure
to file income taxes. Additionally, he is charged with 15 counts of embezzlement
and theft from a tribal organization for embezzling $81,578 from the Pit River
Tribe in 2012 and 2013.



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation. Assistant
United States Attorney Justin Lee is prosecuting the case.



 If convicted, Black faces a maximum statutory penalty of five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine for each count of tax evasion. Additionally, Black faces up
to one year in prison for each count of failure to file a tax return and up to
five years in prison for each count of theft from a tribal organization. Any
sentence, however, would be determined at the discretion of the court after
consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing
Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables. The charges are only
allegations; the defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Riverside accountant sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: BY DEBRA GRUSZECKI, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: 1; Pg. A

LENGTH: 240 words



HIGHLIGHT: Embezzled funds were spent but not reported to the IRS.


Pablo Javier Moran, Jr., 45, of Riverside, was sentenced to 21 months in federal
prison Tuesday by U.S. District Court Judge Beverly Reid O'Connell for tax
evasion related to an embezzlement scheme.

In December 2013, Moran pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion for the year
2008.

At sentencing, Moran was given two years of supervised release and ordered to
pay $194,791 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service.

According to charging information filed by the U.S. Attorney's office in Los
Angeles on the case, Moran evaded paying taxes owed to the federal government
from the period covering Jan. 1, 2008 through April 15, 2009.

The federal prosecutor's office also said that Moran, while working as a partner
in the accounting firm Moran & Sons, misused a client's credit card and used
checks drawn on the same client's checking account to pay for his own personal
expenses. Those embezzled funds were not reported on Moran's personal income tax
return, the charging information said.

Court records say Moran failed to report or correctly identify the source of
income, more than $10,000 a year, from his embezzlement of funds from Moran &
Sons and Claredi Corp. Moran admitted the loss of funds ranged from $175,000 to
$190,000.

Shea Jones, acting special agent in charge, said the government wasn't the only
victim in this case. "Moran used his position of trust to engage in thievery by
embezzling funds from his client," Jones said.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 1, 2007 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CALL 'EM CHEAPRIANIS. DAD & SON WHO OWN POSH EATERIES GUILTY IN TAX SCAM

BYLINE: BY BARBARA ROSS and DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS With Carl
Stampfl

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 406 words


THEY RUN THE FAMED Cipriani restaurants favored by celebrities like Diddy and 50
Cent.

But the father-and-son owners of the Rainbow Room and other plush Manhattan
eateries yesterday admitted there was a sleazy side to their glitzy empire -
millions in tax fraud.

Family patriarch Arrigo (Harry) Cipriani, 75, and son Giuseppe, 42, the boss of
their U.S. empire, agreed to pay $10 million in back taxes as they pleaded
guilty to a scheme involving their offshore parent company.

"The Ciprianis' tax evasion scheme involved illegal deductions," said Manhattan
District Attorney Robert Morgenthau.

The Cipriani restaurants, which include Cipriani Dolci in Grand Central
Terminal, Downtown Cipriani and Cipriani Wall Street, employ nearly 1,000
people.

The Ciprianis rub elbows with the rich and famous, but Morgenthau called their
ploy a shameless tactic to scalp hardworking average taxpayers.

Both Ciprianis pleaded guilty, along with three of their companies, to tax
evasion and will be placed on probation. A government auditor will oversee their
books for five years.

Defense lawyer Stanley Arkin pooh-poohed the scam and insisted the Ciprianis
only took the $40 million in deductions after their tax lawyer gave them the
green light.

He said the father and son, who are Italian citizens, would fight any effort to
strip them of their liquor licenses or deport them from the U.S. when they are
formally sentenced next month.

"If you close every store in this city that had a tax issue, we'd be a ghost
town," Arkin said.

The tax-fraud probe started when prosecutors received a detailed, anonymous
letter saying that Cipriani USA claimed it made $30 million in royalty payments
to its parent company in Europe, even though it never really paid a dime.

The scheme allowed the Ciprianis, who were once accused of paying thousands to
the mob to end a labor dispute, to avoid $4.5 million in taxes.

The same probe earlier netted Dennis Pappas, a reputed mob money adviser who was
vice president of Cipriani USA. He was sentenced last month to 1 1/2 to 4 1/2
years in prison for pocketing more than $1 million in bogus disability claims.

The Ciprianis were not charged in that case.

Diners at the popular restaurants shrugged off the tax scam, saying it wouldn't
keep them away from the fresh pasta and gelato.

"They're going to pay the fine, right?" said diner John Calandra, 40, as he left
Cipriani Dolci. "If they do, they're even."

bross@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Giuseppe Cipriani (left) and his father, Arrigo (Harry) Cipriani, leave
Manhattan Criminal Court yesterday and will avoid jail in $10 million tax-fraud
case. Photo by Michael Schwartz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            January 28, 2011 Friday
                                 First Edition

HSBC staff accused of aiding tax avoiders

BYLINE: Stephen Foley in New York

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 367 words


HSBC,THE British-based banking giant, has become ensnared in a US tax evasion
investigation, after employees were accused of helping one of its American
clients hide money offshore.

Federal authorities are considering serving a broad legal summons on HSBC, to
examine if its bankers sold tax evasion services to dozens or hundreds of its
clients, it has emerged.

The moves come nearly two years after the Zurich-based bank UBS agreed to pay
$780m to the US government and revealed the details of 4,000 US clients' Swiss
bank accounts after admitting it helped those who wanted to evade US taxes. The
deal, under which UBS avoided criminal charges, blew a hole in Switzerland's
traditional banking secrecy, and encouraged 18,000 US residents to reveal their
offshore accounts in an amnesty offered by the Internal Revenue Service.

This week, the IRS said it will soon offer a second amnesty, under which it will
not prosecute Americans who reveal their offshore accounts, as long as they pay
back taxes owed. HSBC said last night that it complies with the law in all the
jurisdictions in which it operates, but declined to comment on any potential
investigation, or on whether it has disciplined bankers involved in the case
filed this week. The bank pointed out that it was not a party to the case, and
was not even named in the indictment.

"HSBC does not condone tax evasion and fully supports the US efforts to promote
appropriate payment of taxes by US taxpayers," a spokesman said. "As per policy,
we investigate all allegations of employee misconduct vigorously and take
appropriate action if breaches to HSBC policies are found."

On Wednesday, prosecutors in New Jersey filed charges against Vaibhav Dahake
which said that the businessman conspired with bankers of "one of the largest
international banks in the world" to hide accounts in India. The indictment
refers to five unnamed bankers who conspired with Mr Dahake: two in New York,
one in Fremont, California, and two in Thane, India. It is alleged that HSBC
suggested Mr Dahake open accounts in India to add to those he already held in
the British Virgin Islands, and that it helped him shuffle money out of the
sight of the US tax authorities.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2011 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            September 1, 2006 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Lawyer is sentenced to 46 months, restitution

BYLINE: By William C. Lhotka ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 865 words


THE DEAL

Polk, above, will serve time for tax evasion and taking money from MSD. Some 21
other counts were dropped.

THE LETTER

Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft provided a letter saying Polk was a
friend and a valuable aide.

---

If a handwritten letter to a judge from John D. Ashcroft made much difference in
the prison term imposed Thursday on his friend Charles E. Polk Jr., it wasn't
apparent.

Having agreed to accept a plea bargain with a cap of 47 months, U.S. District
Judge Stephen N. Limbaugh ordered the prominent former lawyer to serve 46 months
for tax evasion and taking money from the Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District.

Ashcroft, former U.S. attorney general and governor of Missouri, was not present
at the hearing downtown, and did not make any specific request in his Aug. 28
letter to Limbaugh. It said Polk "was a friend of mine (and still is) who I
found very helpful to me and the community of Missouri during my public service
there. He assisted me in my confirmation as U.S. Attorney General."

He also wrote that Polk "has a wonderful wife and family. I believe he could
still contribute greatly after his punishment. He is a good person."

The politically-connected Polk had assisted Ashcroft in his Senate confirmation
as attorney general, and was master of ceremonies when Ashcroft was sworn in.

But prosecutors for the Justice Department that Ashcroft once headed painted a
different picture. First Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Reap wondered aloud
whether Ashcroft or a prominent minister, whom Reap did not name, would have
written on Polk's behalf if they knew the full evidence.

In the plea agreement made in April, Polk, 45, of St. Charles, admitted that he
bilked MSD out of $45,190 when he was its counsel, and that he failed to pay
taxes on about $540,000 of income in 2002. He pleaded guilty to one charge each
of tax evasion and interstate transportation of funds obtained by fraud.

Limbaugh suggested in court that a range of punishment up to 78 months would be
more appropriate, but he stayed with terms worked out between Reap and defense
lawyer Scott Rosenblum.

In return for Polk's pleas on two counts, prosecutors dropped 21 others, which
Limbaugh dismissed Thursday. Those alleged several other fraud schemes and
claims of failing to pay taxes on an additional $1.4 million in income.

According to the indictment and testimony in a civil case in St. Louis County
Circuit Court, Polk had used connections to Ashcroft and other prominent
Republicans to bilk a Quincy businessman James Helenthal out of thousands of
dollars in a failed plan to win federal compensation for victims of the 1995
Oklahoma City bombing.

In court, Reap blamed Polk for a litany of wrongdoings and betrayals against
clients he represented, law firms for which he worked, and the public agency he
represented.

Reap said Polk not only took from law firms and wealthy clients but that he
betrayed the ordinary, such as the Faith United Church of the Living God, on
Lillian Avenue in St. Louis.

Polk helped the church get a $95,000 loan from a bank on which Polk was a board
member, and then demanded a $10,200 kickback from its minister, the prosecutor
said. The church ended up in bankruptcy and a trustee filed a public pleading
naming Polk.

Only then did Polk return the money, on a check written on an account in
Martha's Vineyard, an ocean resort community in Massachusetts, Reap explained.
Polk had opened that account, the IRS found and Reap told Limbaugh, with MSD
money Polk stole.

Rosenblum told Limbaugh that Polk was a loyal friend, loving husband, devoted
father and alcoholic in need of help.

Polk, who surrendered his law license, said, "I'm not going to be asking for my
law license back. ... I apologize to the court and the bar and a lot of folks I
have hurt." He said he took full responsibility.

Limbaugh said, "The totality of the circumstances in this case is enormous." He
added, "If clients and the public cannot depend on lawyers, we are in deep
trouble."

The judge ordered restitution of $178,623 to MSD and $382,000 to Helenthal.
Limbaugh also sentenced Polk to three years of supervision after prison, and
specified monthly restitution payments then of $500 or 10 percent of his
earnings.

Reap said it was "an appropriate sentence, and he fully deserves every bit of
it."

Polk declined comment after the hearing.

Rosenblum said Polk's wife, Cheryl, and three children have forgiven him. Cheryl
Polk did not attend the hearing, Rosenblum said, on his advice.

Cheryl Polk is chief operating officer of the United Way of Greater St. Louis,
and remains a defendant in a $3.6 million judgment Helenthal got against the
couple in St. Louis County. She has denied any involvement in her husband's
dealings.

Helenthal said he was pleased with the restitution order.

MSD spokesman Lance LeComb described the agency Thursday as "a much different
place" now, with new safeguards. He said Polk's activities cost the district
$317,000, with most of it recovered.

Limbaugh acceded to two defense requests: he will recommend a 500-hour alcohol
treatment program in prison, and will allow Polk to surrender later, when a bed
is available at a federal camp in Tennessee or Kansas.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Charles E. Polk Jr. case

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - (CHARLES E. POLK)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 7, 1990, SATURDAY, THREE STAR Edition

FORMER AD AGENCY HEAD SENTENCED FOR TAX EVASION

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 254 words


The former head of a St. Louis advertising and sales promotion agency was
sentenced Friday to three months in prison on federal charges of tax evasion.
Stephen F. Welsch, 42, of Hollywood, Fla., pleaded guilty in May to income tax
evasion in U. S. District Court at St. Louis. Judge George F. Gunn Jr. sentenced
Welsch to five years in federal custody but suspended all but three months of
that term. After serving the three months, Welsch will be placed on probation
for three years, a prosecutor said.  Gunn allowed Welsch to serve the sentence
at a work-release facility.  Gunn formerly headed a company known as Adworks in
the St. Louis area. In 1985, he allegedly received $80,000 from the advertising
agency but failed to file a tax return or pay the tax due, authorities said.
Welsch was also accused of making false statements to Internal Revenue Service
officials who were trying to collect other taxes. He also allegedly failed to
disclose his ownership of real estate in Clayton.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                            September 1, 1989 Friday

BYLINE: AAP

LENGTH: 291 words


Queen dethroned A bodyguard clears the way with a pullover as Leona Helmsley
leaves court in New York after her conviction on tax evasion charges.

New York LEONA HELMSLEY, the billionaire Queen of New York who once boasted
"only little people pay taxes" has been proved wrong. It seems big people pay
them, too, according to a jury in the Manhattan US District Federal Court.

The high-living Helmsley, 69, faces a possible three to five-year prison
sentence for each of the 33 counts she was convicted on, and fines ranging up to
$7 million.

The Hotel Queen and two associates, Frank Turco and Joseph Licari, were found
guilty of tax evasion, aiding and abetting tax evasion, conspiracy to defraud
the Internal Revenue Service and filing a false tax return.

She was acquitted of conspiracy to commit extortion.

Helmsley's husband, Harry, 80, whose $5 billion real estate kingdom includes the
Empire State Building, was indicted with his wife but was not tried because he
suffers from severe memory loss.

Leona Helmsley controlled a hotel empire which includes 21 hotels in 15 cities
around the world.

The sensational two-month trial was the talk of Manhattan. Most New Yorkers
developed a dislike for the gaudy socialite as more evidence of her true
character was revealed in testimony.

Prosecutors portrayed her as a modern-day Marie Antoinette and a string of
witnesses described her as short-tempered, haughty, harsh and hot-headed. Her
own attorney even said people might regard his client as a "tough bitch".

New York Mayor Ed Koch - never one to miss the bandwagon - even described
Helmsley as the Wicked Witch of the West." Judge John Walker set sentencing for
November 14, with Helmsley remaining free on bail.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A bodyguard clears the way with a pullover as Leona Helmsley
leavescourt in New York after her conviction on tax evasion charges.920AAP

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1989 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 18, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Ex-Broker Sentenced

BYLINE: By Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 155 words


A former principal of the brokerage Rooney, Pace Inc., which agreed last year to
leave the securities industry after being charged with violating public offering
laws, was sentenced yesterday to four months in jail for income tax evasion.

Patrick Rooney was also fined $50,000, ordered to serve 300 hours of community
service and given three years of probation. He was released on his own
recognizance. He was convicted in March after a two-and-a-half week jury trial
on charges of conspiracy and filing a false income tax return for 1983.

The United States Attorney's office in Manhattan contended that Mr. Rooney had
written a $50,000 check to the American Cancer Society, but that $45,000 was
returned to him in an income tax evasion scheme. Mr. Rooney was charged with
deducting the entire $50,000 as a charitable contribution. He had faced a
possible maximum prison term of eight years and a maximum fine of $110,000.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

'The Queen of Mean' Leona Helmsley, 87, dies

BYLINE: Shannon D. Harrington, Bloomberg News

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 971  words


Leona Helmsley, the real estate developer and hotel operator convicted of tax
evasion and dubbed "The Queen of Mean,'' died Monday. She was 87.

Helmsley died of heart failure at her summer home in Greenwich, Conn. said
spokesman Howard Rubenstein. With her husband, Harry, she helped build a
property empire that was once valued at $5 billion. It included interests in the
Empire State Building, the Park Lane Hotel on Central Park South and the
Helmsley Hotel on 42nd Street in New York City.

"She was a tough lady,'' said Edward Koch, the former New York City mayor who
first met Helmsley in the late 1970s. "She set standards for hotels and
service.''

Her conviction in 1989 on federal tax evasion charges made her a symbol of the
excesses of the 1980s and put her on the front pages of the tabloids. She and
her husband were charged with writing off renovations to their $11-million US
Greenwich estate as business expenses.

Helmsley served 18 months in prison after an eight-week trial in which former
employees painted her as a cold-hearted boss who fired workers on a whim and
told a housekeeper at her estate that "only the little people pay taxes.''

The case was the basis for a 1990 made-for-television movie Leona Helmsley: The
Queen of Mean.

In a statement, developer Donald Trump said: "Leona was definitely one of a
kind. Harry loved being with her and the excitement she brought -- and that is
all that really matters.''

Helmsley was born Lena Rosenthal on Independence Day in 1920 to a hatmaker and
housewife, both Polish immigrants, in Marbletown, N.Y., wrote Michael Moss, a
New York Newsday reporter at the time, in his 1989 book Palace Coup: The Inside
Story of Harry & Leona Helmsley.

Her family moved to New York City as the economy in Marbletown, a cement mill
hamlet, started to decline, Moss wrote.

Helmsley claimed to have attended Hunter College in Manhattan, although school
yearbooks have shed little light on that period. She later claimed to have
worked as a Chesterfield cigarette model before taking a job as a secretary at
New York real estate company Pease & Elliman.

She rose through the ranks to saleswoman, selling co-ops and condominiums, and
worked early in her career for residential real estate broker Brown Harris
Stevens, Rubenstein said. She also headed the new co-op unit of Sutton & Towne
Residential, the New York Times reported in a 1988 profile.

While stories of how she met Harry Helmsley vary, she went to work for a
subsidiary of the Helmsley Organization in 1970 and married the real estate
mogul two years later.

It was her fourth marriage. The first was to attorney Leo Panzirer, with whom
she had her only son, Jay Panzirer, and she married garment industry executive
Joseph Lubin twice.

After marrying Harry Helmsley, Leona's responsibilities within the real estate
empire grew.

"Her greatest contribution to life would be the very warm, affectionate,
comfortable life she gave to her husband,'' Koch said.

She took on day-to-day operations of the 950-room Helmsley Palace when it opened
in 1981. The palace, a 51-storey gleaming glass tower melded with the Madison
Avenue landmark residences, became Leona's signature project.

She gained control of the others after a wager, the Times reported. She
challenged the hotels' decorator to a competition: she and the professional each
designed three rooms. After her husband picked hers, she was named president of
the hotels, the Times said.

Her attention to detail became legendary and so did her penchant for tirades,
employees would later say.

Those stories culminated in the late 1980s after a group of employees and
contractors on the Helmsley's Greenwich estate went to the New York Post with
records showing the couple dodged taxes by billing their companies for
renovation work on the estate.

In 1988, a Manhattan grand jury indicted the Helmsleys on charges that they
evaded more than $4 million US in income taxes by charging furnishings and
renovations for the 28-acre estate to the real estate business. Prosecutors also
alleged Leona Helmsley extorted kickbacks from hotel suppliers and contractors.

Harry Helmsley, almost 80 at the time of the indictment, was determined not
mentally competent to stand trial.

A jury convicted Leona Helmsley of evading $1.2 million US in federal income
taxes, though it acquitted her of extortion.

During her trial, Helmsley's reputation as a cruel boss became so well-known
that her defence team cited it in arguments, with attorney Gerald Feffer
reminding jurors in opening remarks that while his client might be an unpopular
woman she wasn't on trial for "being a tough bitch,'' the New York Times
reported.

Former employees testified at the trial about how they feared her, with one
recalling how she casually fired him while she was being fitted for a dress.

Helmsley's "Queen of Mean'' image stuck during her later years.

When her husband died in 1997, Leona took over his empire and began selling some
holdings. She had an estimated net worth of $2.2 billion US, according to Forbes
magazine, which in 2006 ranked her No. 350 on its list of the world's wealthiest
people.

A jury in 2003 awarded $11.2 million US in damages to a former manager of
Helmsley's five-star Park Lane Hotel who claimed Helmsley fired him for being
gay. A judge later reduced the award to $554,000 US, although Helmsley was also
ordered to pay more than $638,000 US of her former employee's legal expenses.

More recently, she donated $5 million US to the American Red Cross for Hurricane
Katrina relief. She also contributed $25 million US to New York Presbyterian
Hospital and $5 million US after Sept. 11 to help the families of firefighters.
In the late 1990s, she gave millions to rebuild African-American churches that
were set afire in the South, Rubenstein said.

Funeral arrangements were not immediately announced.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Getty Images Files; Real estate mogul Leona Helmsley in 2003. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday

U.S. accuses 2 Swiss men of assisting tax evasion;
Expanding challenge to banking secrecy moves beyond clients

BYLINE: LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 767 words

ABSTRACT

A private banking executive and a lawyer are accused of providing tax evasion
services sold to wealthy clients, opening a new front in Washington's crackdown
on Swiss banking secrecy.

FULL TEXT

The U.S. Justice Department has indicted a Swiss private banking executive and a
Swiss lawyer, accusing them of selling tax evasion services to wealthy clients.
The move opens a new front in Washington's challenge to Switzerland's tradition
of bank secrecy.

The indictment, filed Thursday in U.S. District Court in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida, charged Hansruedi  Schumacher, a director at NZB Neue Zürcher Bank of
Zurich, and Matthias W. Rickenbach, a Swiss lawyer, with one count each of
conspiring to defraud the United States.

It was filed a day after the giant Swiss bank UBS said that it had agreed to
disclose the names of 4,450 American clients and account details, and it
indicated that the American authorities were starting to pursue smaller players
who might have helped Americans hide money. Smaller Swiss banks have expressed
confidence that they could continue to work with American clients and find new
ways to protect their privacy.

''These conspiracy charges show that Justice is widening the net beyond UBS to
include other banks, and that it is also going beyond individual account holders
to the professionals who assist them,'' said Lee Sheppard, a tax lawyer in New
York and a writer for Tax Analysts, a trade publication.

Mr. Schumacher is a former top private banker for UBS who left around 2002 to
establish and oversee NZB's private banking operations. He worked at NZB until
at least last month, the indictment said. Mr. Rickenbach is a partner of the
Rickenbach & Partner law firm, with offices in Zurich and Geneva.

A Justice Department statement said the two men ''helped their clients obtain
offshore credit cards and created sham loan documents.'' It said they
''falsified bank documents to generate the appearance that assets of their U.S.
clients belonged to Swiss citizens, and they falsified documents to disguise
their United States clients' repatriation of offshore funds as inheritances from
foreign citizens.''

The statement said the defendants told clients ''that their assets and
identification would be safer at NZB because they had no presence in the United
States'' and were ''less likely to be pressured by the American authorities to
disclose the identities of their United States clients.''

The American authorities appear to be widening their attack on Swiss banking
secrecy. Switzerland is the world's largest repository of hidden wealth,
estimated to hold nearly one-third of the $7 trillion in assets that are
believed to be held offshore. Charges filed this summer against two American UBS
clients, Jeffrey P. Chernick and John McCarthy, included references to their
dealings with Mr. Schumacher, Mr. Rickenbach and NZB, but did not name them.

The new indictment charges the two Swiss men with helping Mr. McCarthy evade
taxes, in part through entities in Hong Kong linked to his UBS account.

Around 2007, the complaint says, Mr. Rickenbach's father hand-carried $5,000 to
New York to deliver to an unidentified client, illustrating one way that the
Swiss lawyer surreptitiously moved money across borders.

NZB was established in 2000 by former senior executives from Bank Julius Bär, a
prominent Swiss private bank. Over 2007 and 2008, Sarasin Group, another Swiss
private bank, acquired a 40 percent stake in NZB, while NZB employees own the
rest.

The indictment Thursday said that Mr. Schumacher, who was referred to but not
identified by name in the Chernick papers, was a former manager of UBS's
cross-border private banking division, the unit under scrutiny for having helped
Americans evade taxes.

Mr. Schumacher left UBS around 2002 to join NZB and help clients of UBS and
other firms to evade taxes, according to the charges against him.

The indictment said that Mr. Schumacher and Mr. Rickenbach paid $45,000 to a
''high-ranking Swiss government official'' in 2008 to learn whether Mr.
Chernick, their client, was on a list of 285 names to be disclosed to the
American authorities in February in a broad settlement with UBS. Mr. Chernick
paid the fee.

Mr. Schumacher, the Chernick filing said, told Mr. Chernick that because the
smaller bank had not entered into a special disclosure program with the Internal
Revenue Service, the U.S. tax collection agency, it would be subject to less
scrutiny by U.S. tax officials than UBS.

Douglas Shulman, the I.R.S. commissioner, said Wednesday that the agency was
looking at other banks and intermediaries in Switzerland.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              March 2, 2007 Friday

Guilty plea seen in Phila. charges;
Businessman Joseph Mammana is expected to admit to tax evasion and illegal gun
counts.

BYLINE: Robert Moran, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 327 words


Joseph Mammana, a businessman who gained prominence for donating to criminal
reward funds, is expected to plead guilty next week to tax evasion and illegal
gun possession.

As part of his plea agreement, Mammana will forfeit his 2003 Lamborghini
Murcielago, according to a guilty plea memorandum filed by federal prosecutors
this week.

Mammana is expected to enter his guilty plea Tuesday in U.S. District Court. He
was under investigation for tax evasion when, on Nov. 29, IRS agents found a
loaded .357-caliber revolver in the master bedroom of his Yardley home.

Mammana, who owns an egg-processing plant in North Philadelphia, is a five-time
convicted felon and cannot possess a gun.

His convictions date back to the 1980s and early 1990s: two for larceny, two for
drugs, and the one for aggravated assault against his ex-wife.

He told IRS agents that it was his mother's gun and that she would stay
overnight in his bedroom and keep it in his nightstand, according to the guilty
plea memorandum.

After his arrest, a government motion cited records showing that Mammana had
$777,000 in a bank account in 2004 and purchased the Lamborghini, worth
$287,655, by making a cash down payment of $150,000. It also reported that he
had told federal officials that his annual income was only $100,000.

For illegal gun possession and tax evasion, Mammana faces a maximum 15 years in
prison and $500,000 in fines. He also has agreed to pay all taxes he owes,
according to the memorandum.

Prosecutor Michael Bresnick and defense attorney Jeffrey Lindy couldn't be
reached for comment yesterday.

In recent years, Mammana became known for making large contributions to Citizens
Crime Commission of the Delaware Valley and other reward funds for information
leading to convictions in some of Philadelphia's highest-profile murders and
kidnappings.

Contact staff writer Robert Moran at 215-854-5983 or bmoran@phillynews.com.
Inquirer staff writer John Shiffman contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 5, 2002 Wednesday

Ex-Tyco head facing tax charges

BYLINE: BARRIE McKENNA

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The former head of conglomerate Tyco International Ltd. - one of Corporate
America's highest-paid executives - is facing charges of ducking $1-million
(U.S.) in sales tax on pricey French art.

Prosecutors in New York City indicted Dennis Kozlowski, 55, yesterday on charges
of conspiracy, falsifying records, tampering with physical evidence and tax
evasion a day after he quit as Tyco CEO.

"To fail to pay over a million in sales tax is a serious crime," Manhattan
District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said. "There will be zero tolerance for tax
evasion . . . particularly those with offshore jurisdictions to avoid paying
taxes."

Mr. Kozlowski, dubbed "deal-a-month Dennis" at the height of Tyco's frenetic
rise, is the latest U.S. business idol to crash as the fallout that began with
the Enron Corp. scandal continues to shake investor faith in U.S. financial
markets.

He joins a growing list of once-celebrated business titans to walk the corporate
plank in recent weeks, including WorldCom Inc.'s Bernard Ebbers, John Rigas of
Adelphia Communications Corp., Chuck Watson at Dynegy Inc. and William T.
McCormick Jr. at CMS Energy Corp.

An avid sailor, motorcyclist and helicopter pilot, Mr. Kozlowski pocketed more
than $100-million in cash, shares and other perks from Tyco over the past three
years. He also collected more than 13 million stock options, which were worth
hundreds of millions of dollars before Tyco shares crashed earlier this year as
investors fretted about its complex accounting practices.

A leading executive compensation consultant has described Mr. Kozlowski's pay
package as "egregious," even by Wall Street standards

Mr. Kozlowski, the son a New Jersey policeman who built Tyco into a
manufacturing giant during the nineties' boom, spent at least part of those
earnings indulging an apparent taste for fine art.

According to the indictment, Mr. Kozlowski never paid New York taxes on half a
dozen Impressionist and Old Masters paintings he bought in 2001, including a
$4.7-million Renoir still life, Fleurs et Fruits, and a $3.95-million Monet
landscape.

Prosecutors allege that art dealers and unnamed Tyco employees helped Mr.
Kozlowski ship the paintings via the company's offices in New Hampshire, where
there is no sales tax, to Mr. Kozlowski's lavish 13-room Fifth Avenue apartment
in New York City. Tyco's legal headquarters is in the tax haven of Bermuda.

"Tyco employees were directed to sign false documents reflecting the receipt in
New Hampshire of artwork, in an effort to thwart tax auditors," Mr. Morgenthau
said.

Mr. Kozlowski, who faces fines and several years in jail on the felony and
misdemeanour charges, pleaded not guilty during a brief court appearance
yesterday. He was released after posting a $3-million bond and surrendering his
U.S. passport.

His next court appearance is set for June 26.

The indictment was the latest blow for embattled Tyco, which has been battling
intense investor skepticism over the company's heavy debt load and its complex
structure.

"The resignation . . . has driven volatility and further confusion," agreed Don
MacDougall, an analyst at J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. in New York.

But Mr. MacDougall said Mr. Kozlowski's departure is probably good news for Tyco
shares because it "removes most of the credibility issues associated with the
previous leadership."

Tyco shares, which plunged 27 per cent on the New York Stock Exchange Monday,
recovered a bit of their lost ground yesterday as investors heaved a sigh that
the charges are unrelated to the company's business operations.

They ended the trading session rising up 72 cents or 4.49 per cent at $16.77.

The company, which makes everything from undersea fibre-optic cable to valves
and pipes, has lost nearly $90-billion in stock market value this year.

Former CEO John Fort, 59, has returned to the boardroom as chairman and CEO
until a permanent successor is found.

Mr. Kozlowski led Tyco on a frenetic acquisition tear in the nineties, buying
out hundreds of companies and boosting its annual sales to $36-billion.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                                 First Edition

US demands HSBC give up potential tax evaders

BYLINE: Stephen Foley in New York

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 380 words


THE US is demanding that HSBC should reveal the names of potentially thousands
of Americans who have opened secret accounts with the bank in India, in a
widening investigation into tax evasion.

The US government filed a so-called "John Doe summons" on HSBC India last night
via a petition in a San Francisco court, which asked for the names of an unknown
number of people who may have engaged in tax fraud.

HSBC last night said it had not seen the summons but it would co-operate with
requests from the US authorities, while complying with the law in all the
jurisdictions it operates in, including India. It added: "HSBC does not condone
tax tax evasion and fully supports the US efforts to promote appropriate payment
of taxes by US taxpayers."

The petition is a repeat of a legal tactic first used against UBS, and comes two
years after the Zurich-based bank agreed to pay $780m (£478m) to the US
government and revealed the details of 4,000 US clients' Swiss bank accounts
after admitting it helped those who wanted to evade US taxes. The deal blew a
hole in Switzerland's traditional banking secrecy, and encouraged US residents
to reveal their offshore accounts in amnesties offered by the Internal Revenue
Service.

"The ability to hide accounts in foreign countries is rapidly dwindling," said
John DiCicco, deputy assistant attorney general for the Justice Department's tax
unit, announcing the move against HSBC. "We will continue working hand-in-hand
with the IRS to enforce the tax laws against those who are using offshore
accounts - wherever they are located - to evade taxes."

Earlier this year, prosecutors in New Jersey filed charges against Vaibhav
Dahake, claiming that the businessman conspired with bankers of "one of the
largest international banks in the world" to hide accounts in India. The
indictment refers to five unnamed bankers who conspired with Mr Dahake: two in
New York, one in Fremont, California, and two in Thane, India. It is alleged
that HSBC suggested Mr Dahake open accounts in India to add to those he already
held in the British Virgin Islands, and that it helped him shuffle money out of
sight of the US tax authorities.

Between 2002 and 2010, HSBC India ran two offices in the US soliciting
non-resident Indians to open accounts in the country.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2011 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                             October 3, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Castroneves siblings in hot water with IRS over tax evasion

BYLINE: News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Helio Castroneves -- winner of both the Indianapolis 500 and reality TV show
"Dancing with the Stars" -- will soon be doing the tango with the IRS over multi
million-dollar tax-evasion charges in Miami federal court, U.S. authorities
said.

The famed Brazilian driver, who owns a Coral Gables mansion sporting his
auto-racing trophies and two checkered flags from his Indy 500 victories, was
indicted along with a relative and a Michigan attorney on Thursday, authorities
said.

The 33-year-old Team Penske star is charged with failing to pay taxes on more
than $5 million in income during a four-year period, authorities said. His
sister, Kati Castroneves, and his lawyer, Alan Miller, are accused of assisting
him in the alleged tax-evasion scheme.

The three defendants are expected to surrender to authorities and have their
first appearances in federal court on Friday morning. They could not be reached
for comment Thursday afternoon.

Castroneves was born in Sao Paulo. Race car driving has made him a rich man.

He won the Indianapolis 500 in both 2001 and 2002. He was the fifth driver to
achieve that milestone in consecutive years. He also finished second to teammate
and countryman Gil de Ferran in 2003.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            April 27, 2006 Thursday

15-month sentence for local lumber magnate

BYLINE: By Keri Brenner

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Marin

LENGTH: 295 words


Golden State's Nobmann guilty of tax evasion

North Bay lumber magnate Lee Nobmannwas sentenced this week to 15 months in
jail, fined $40,000 and ordered to pay $330,000 in restitution after pleading
guillty to tax evasion, federal officials said.

The 55-year-old Nobmann's Petaluma-based Golden State Lumber company has four
Bay Area locations including a store in San Rafael and was named "Business of
the Year" by the Marin Builders Association in 2001.

Federal IRS agents raided his San Rafael lumber store and other locations in
June 2002.

"Nobmann was indicted by a federal grand jury on Oct. 7, 2003 and will begin
serving his sentence on July 10," said U.S. Attorney Kevin Ryan at the
sentencing announcement Tuesday in San Francisco.

Nobmann could not be reached for comment.

According to Ryan, Nobmann under-reported income for Golden State Lumber between
1996 and 2000 by about $1.1 million and did not report that sum as personal
income on his own income tax returns during that period.

Nobmann's share of the unreported income was $910,000.

"He evaded some $330,000 in taxes as a result of his actions," Ryan said.

Nobmann admitted depositing rebate checks into his personal bank account from
vendors who did business with his company. He did not report the checks as
either company or personal income. He also admitted making other entries in the
company's books that benefited him personally, according to Ryan.

Authorities were alerted to Nobmann's illegal activity by Golden State Lumber's
fired chief financial officer, Ryan said.

Golden State Lumber is a California corporation with sales of $400 million a
year.

Read more San Rafael stories at the IJ's San Rafael city page.

Contact Keri Brenner at kbrenner@marinij.com . IJ news services contributed to
this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2006 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                              July 23, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

In Brief

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 530  words


Ormond man gets 13 months for tax evasion An Ormond Beach man will spend 13
months in a federal prison for tax evasion. U.S. District Judge G. Kendall Sharp
sentenced Kenneth E. McDonald Jr. on Wednesday morning at the federal courthouse
in Orlando. McDonald did not return calls to his home Thursday afternoon.
According to court documents and a statement from the Justice Department,
McDonald submitted $400,459 in false invoices to his former employer, Holly
Hill-based Olson Electric Co. The invoices came from a sham company, Industrial
Fabrication Services Inc., that federal investigators said McDonald founded with
another man, Gregory L. Hansen, also of Ormond Beach. At the time, McDonald was
project manager for Olsons Kennedy Space Center division. Hansen also worked
with Olson Electric. The pair diverted the proceeds from the invoices to their
personal bank accounts but never reported the income on their 1997, 1998 or 1999
federal income tax returns, court documents show. Both men pleaded guilty to the
allegations in March, the statement said. Hansen is scheduled to be sentenced in
October. School aides, clerks approve new contract DAYTONA BEACH Employees
overwhelmingly approved a new contract Thursday between the Volusia County
School Board and the union that represents its office workers and teachers
aides. Eighty- eight percent of the employees who voted were in favor of the
pact that includes $806,000 worth of raises and related benefits, said Bobbie
Reedy, president of the Volusia Educational Support Association. Raises for
1,700 employees represented by the union will average about 3 percent. Base
hourly pay under the contract will range from $6 to $12.34, depending on the
employees job and experience. The School Board plans to vote Tuesday on
ratification of the contract. Ocean water chill produces thick fog The past
weeks beachside fog and mid-70s surf temps marked a mini-cold-water upwelling,
according to National Weather Service forecasters. But not to worry its not a
harbinger of a big one, and it seems to be ending. Last summer, foggy beaches
were a persistent symptom of the upwelling that kept surf temps into the 60s and
even 50s for nearly a month. Upwellings when colder waters are forced to the
surface occur most summers, said Tony Cristaldi of the National Weather Service.
Last years monster upwelling, he said, was very unusual for its duration and
magnitude. Surf temps were what, down in the 50s? It was crazy. Seville woman
dies in S.R. 11 crash A 58-year-old Seville woman died this week after a morning
crash on State Road 11 in West Flagler County, according to the Florida Highway
Patrol. Irene Ruth Lawhorn was driving on County Road 304 in a Jeep before 6
a.m. Wednesday, and failed to stop at a stop sign for S.R. 11, according to the
report. A pickup on S.R. 11 struck her vehicle on the right side. Lawhorn was
taken to Halifax Medical Center in Daytona Beach, but died at 10 a.m., according
to FHP. Lawhorn was a licensed practical nurse who worked at Ormond Medical Arts
for 30 years, a co-worker said by telephone Thursday. Her death is the 13th in
2004 from traffic crashes in Flagler County. Staff Report

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 6, 2000 Saturday DCITY EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 761 words


MOTION TO DISMISS FILED

IN TAX-EVASION RETRIAL The U.S. Attorney's Office yesterday moved to dismiss all
tax-evasion charges against the vice president of a regional building-inspection
firm who was granted a new trial after a federal judge ruled that his 1996 trial
was tainted by the perjured testimony of the government's key witness.

The retrial of Mark McLaughlin, 41, of Doylestown, was to have begun Wednesday.
Instead, Catherine M. Recker, the defense attorney, said she would ask Chief
U.S. District Judge James T. Giles to grant the motion to dismiss filed
yesterday.

In March, Giles ordered a new trial, writing that the outcome of McLaughlin's
trial was "strongly affected" by false statements made by accountant Melvin
Cherry.

McLaughlin owns Building Inspection Underwriters, a Holland-based company that
performs building inspections for municipalities in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
McLaughlin and his brother Russell, 47, were indicted in 1995 on tax-evasion
charges and together with their sister, Robin, on conspiracy in an alleged
scheme to divert more than $1.5 million from the firm to evade federal income
taxes. Robin and Russell McLaughlin were acquitted; Mark McLaughlin was awaiting
sentencing when Giles ordered the new trial.

A STOLEN JEEP, FLEEING CRASH,

CRASHES INTO KING HIGH A stolen red Jeep plowed into Martin Luther King High
School in East Germantown yesterday after racing away from a nearby accident and
running down an embankment. There were no injuries, but students in five
classrooms were temporarily relocated as engineers checked the building for
structural damage.

Three people inside the Jeep jumped out and ran after the 8:30 a.m. crash,
police said. Police said the driver lost control while fleeing a minor accident
he had caused when he backed into a car.

The Jeep is owned by a construction company based in Doylestown, police said.
Investigators said that they found a book bag from Leeds Middle School inside
the Jeep and that they were questioning a youth who showed up at King, at
Stenton Avenue and Haines Street, after the accident.

S. PHILADELPHIA ARSON

MAY HAVE BEEN RETALIATION An arson at a South Philadelphia grocery yesterday may
have been in retaliation for last month's fatal shooting of an area man,
allegedly by the man who owned the store at 24th and Morris Streets, detectives
said.

Former store owner Martin Jaquez, 22, was charged with murder and related
offenses in the April 6 shooting of Gardner Taylor, 36. A neighborhood fixture,
Taylor swept the sidewalks and looked after neighbors. Police had, for a while,
put a detail on the store to prevent retaliation. The detail was recently
lifted, authorities said.

About 2:30 a.m. yesterday, police said, someone pried open the door at Jaquez
Mini Market, poured a flammable liquid inside and ignited it. The blaze was
quickly brought under control by firefighters but caused considerable interior
damage. An empty bottle believed to have contained the accelerant was found
nearby, police said. The business had recently changed hands and reopened but
carried the old name out front, police said.

Jaquez is alleged to have shot Taylor after an argument over a delivery truck
parked in front of the store, partially blocking handicapped access to the
sidewalk.

BERKS HEARING IS MAY 22

IN DEATH OF 4 TRAPPED BY TRAIN WEST READING - A preliminary hearing is set May
22 for Carlos Angel Diaz Santiago, the West Reading man accused of killing his
ex-girlfriend, her 2-year-old son and two other people by forcing their car in
front of a freight train.

The 22-year-old defendant is being held without bail on four counts of criminal
homicide and related charges. The April 20 deaths in Sinking Spring, just
outside Reading, followed an argument between Diaz and his former girlfriend,
leading to a brief high-speed chase that ended in the car-train crash.

A CHESTER UPLAND EMPLOYEE

CLEARED OF INDECENT ASSAULT Darren Alliston, 38, who had been suspended from his
job as a Chester Upland School District behavior specialist, was found not
guilty yesterday of indecently assaulting a Chester High School student, now 18,
at his home in January 1999.

Alliston, of Chester, told the Delaware County Court jury that he took the girl
to his home after a basketball game because her mother had asked him to counsel
her. Numerous character witnesses, including a school district administrator and
a pastor, testified on behalf of Alliston, who is active in the Chester
community as chaplain of a church choir.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 19, 1984, Tuesday, Final Edition

Md. Man's Mail-Order Church Scheme Preyed On IRS, U.S. Says

BYLINE: By Arthur S. Brisbane, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 987 words


Federal authorities say a Department of Health and Human Services computer
operations supervisor concocted an elaborate tax evasion scheme in which he used
the First Amendment and a mail-order church to preach tax evasion to dozens of
federal workers and others.

Robert L. Bocock, 47, of Columbia, Md., pleaded guilty last week to income tax
evasion and assisting in the preparation of a false return. In exchange for
having charges reduced from the original 32-count indictment, he agreed to
provide testimony to a grand jury investigating tax abuses tied to mail-order
churches.

Michael Schatzow, an assistant U.S. attorney in Baltimore, said Bocock helped
prepare 93 tax returns claiming $740,000 in deductions for bogus charitable
contributions to the Universal Life Church. The scheme deprived the U.S. coffers
of $226,000 in tax money.

The investigation into Bocock's activities is part of a continuing Internal
Revenue Service examination of tax cheating and mail-order churches.

Federal authorities say the First Amendment protection of religious freedom
sometimes has provided a cloak over the activities of those who would use
religion to shortchange tax collectors.

Domenic LaPonzina, an IRS spokesman, said the agency for two years has
instructed its tax examiners to scrutinize claims made for contributions to
mail-order churches. In some of those instances, no contributions were made. In
others, the contributions were made but were subsequently disallowed because the
church was not considered a legitimate establishment.

"We don't care if they worship tomatoes and cheese, so long as they have a
congregation and genuine worship is taking place and they have some sort of
creed," LaPonzina said.

A representative of the Universal Life Church in Modesto, Calif., said Bocock's
activities did not represent any creed to which his church adheres. Bishop
Robert Imbeau, the church's vice president, said the church had no knowledge of
Bocock's elaborate manipulation of First Amendment privileges and Form 1040.

"It's a dad-blamed shame that this sort of thing has to happen," Imbeau said.

Schatzow said the credentials of the Universal Life Church as a tax-exempt
institution were not an issue in this case. "In the Bocock case," he said, "the
contributions in fact were not made, so it wouldn't make any difference if you
were talking about the Universal Life Church or the Catholic Church or a Jewish
synagogue."

In another case in the area involving the Universal Life Church, Maryland tax
authorities in December disallowed deductions based on contributions made by
eight Prince George's County police officers and others to local Universal Life
Church congregation bank accounts. The state's tax court ruled that although the
contributions were made into congregation accounts, the accounts were a "tax
sham" used to shelter personal income.

Bocock declined to comment on his case. His scheme, U.S. authorities alleged,
worked like this:

Bocock, after hearing about the Universal Life Church on CBS' "60 Minutes"
television program and reading church literature on the tax advantages of
membership, obtained a mail-order charter from the church, making him a minister
with his own congregation. The charter was listed under the alias of Lew Scott.

"Lew Scott," complying with church regulations, filed quarterly reports
indicating contributions by Robert L. Bocock to Scott's congregation bank
account. Bocock then claimed the contributions on his tax returns over a period
of four years.

The government says Bocock's "contributions" were only paper transactions and
that there was no congregation bank account. The money went into an account
Bocock used for himself and his corporation, Adventures in Recreation Inc.

Bocock falsely claimed to have made $66,494.15 in contributions to the church
from 1978 through 1981, the government alleged. In a year in which his net
take-home pay was $9,877, Bocock claimed he gave the Universal Life Church more
than $20,000.

The sizable deductions caught the eye of an IRS examiner, triggering the
investigation of Bocock, LaPonzina said.

Bocock extended the scheme to about 25 federal coworkers plus others outside the
government, Schatzow said. Touting himself as a tax preparer, he told clients
they could claim phony contributions to the church and then deduct them from
their adjusted gross income on Form 1040. In some instances Bocock provided
bogus receipts for the contribution to the church; in others he offered to do
so.

For compensation, Bocock asked his clients to pay him 10 percent of their
combined state and federal tax refunds.

Hyattsville resident Bruce R. Francis, according to the government's statement
of facts in the case, was told by a friend that Bocock was a tax preparer who
could save him a lot of money.

Francis later told authorities that when Bocock came to his house in February
1982, Bocock showed him the tax "benefits" of joining the Universal Life Church
and making paper contributions to it. He allegedly presented Francis with two
sets of figures. One, based on legitimate deductions, indicated Francis would
receive a $3,000 refund; the other, buffered with contributions to the church,
promised a $22,000 refund.

Francis opted for the $22,000. Late in 1982, when the IRS informed Francis of a
pending examination of his tax return, Francis contacted Bocock and, the
government alleged, Bocock offered to provide him with receipts to cover the
$33,000 contribution he claimed to have made. Francis declined the offer.

Later still, after Francis was called to testify before a grand jury
investigating his tax preparer, Bocock told Francis to "stonewall" the jury, the
government says. Francis cooperated with the government, however.

The scheme had one more twist.

Bocock reportedly advised his clients they could deduct the fee paid to him--as
a charitable contribution to the church.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 12, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Harry Helmsley: Unfit for Trial, but Fit for Business?

BYLINE: By IVER PETERSON

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1653 words


The people who worked with him are already beginning to talk about Harry
Helmsley in the past tense, and the United States Attorney in Manhattan has
dropped tax-evasion charges against him, citing what he regards as Mr.
Helmsley's mental incompetence. The man who was a kingpin of New York real
estate for more than five decades has receded from public view to the point of
vanishing.

Yet Mr. Helmsley's immense real-estate operation is still moving along, shrunk
in size, less vigorous, but possessing the many complex partnerships and service
contracts that have been the foundation of his wealth. And despite the possible
prison term that his wife, Leona, faces for tax evasion and his court-determined
incompetence to stand trial, Mr. Helmsley appears to continue at the head of his
companies.

'He Gives Us His Input'

"All major decisions are made by Mr. Helmsley," said Gerald N. Schrager, the
Helmsleys' real-estate lawyer and chief legal adviser and, since the legal and
business troubles involving him and his wife began, the Helmsley spokesman. "He
gives us his input every time he thinks it is appropriate."

If the 81-year-old Mr. Helmsley is in charge of holdings estimated at more than
$4 billion, still by far the largest commercial real-estate brokerage in New
York City, is he senile?

To what extent has Mrs. Helmsley's criminal notoriety, her infamous temper, her
description by her own defense lawyer as "one tough bitch" and her depiction in
a television movie as a cruel and dishonest "Queen of Mean" affected her
husband's business?

And who will determine the future of the Helmsley operation?

In withdrawing 47 charges of fraud and tax evasion, Federal prosecutors relied
on competency tests supervised by the State Supreme Court in Manhatttan, where
the Helmsleys had faced similar state charges that were dismissed. According to
court documents, those tests relied in part on evaluations conducted by doctors
hired by Mr. Helmsley and his lawyers. Those doctors said Mr. Helmsley could not
stand the strain of a trial.

No Comment by U.S. Attorney

Asked to comment on the apparent discrepancy between Mr. Schrager's account of
Mr. Helmsley's current abilities and the court finding of mental incompetence,
the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan declined to comment directly.
The office's public information officer, Deborah Corley Guzman, said, "I would
refer you to the wording of the motion to dismiss."

Mrs. Helmsley, who is now 71, was sentenced in Federal District Court in
Manhattan to four years in prison for her part in the tax-fraud scheme, in which
the Helmsleys' were accused of charging personal expenses to their business
ventures. On July 31 the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit
upheld her conviction but sent her case back to the trial court for
resentencing.

Finding by Psychiatrist

On May 23, meanwhile, Dr. Murray A. Gordon, a psychiatrist, concluded that Mr.
Helmsley suffered from dementia caused by hypertension and poor cerebral blood
circulation. Dr. Murray wrote that the developer "lacks capacity to understand
the proceedings against him, or to assist in his own defense."

But Mr. Schrager said Mr. Helmsley still presided over a multimillion-dollar
property and services empire that was "stabilized." It is also one that has been
shrinking in recent years, and one that Mr. Helmsley is, by the available
evidence, trying to shrink further.

He has already shed some outlying brokerage holdings, his Manhattan real-estate
insurance operations and his long-term lease on the million-square foot former
Macy's warehouse in Long Island City, Queens. He is also seeking buyers for his
Harley Hotel chain and for his residential brokerage and management company,
Brown Harris Stevens Inc.

Perhaps most important in terms of prestige, Mr. Helmsley's partners in the
jewel in the crown, the Helmsley Palace Hotel, are trying to force the Helmsleys
out of control of the hotel and, Mr. Helmsley's consultants say, force the sale
of the Palace.

The Palace partners' assert that the Helmsleys' billing of the costs of
improving their Connecticut house to the hotel, and Mrs. Helmsley's criminal
conviction arising from those actions, were responsible for the hotel's
disappointing financial performance in recent years.

Major Role by 'Queen'

Several former Helmsley employees insisted in interviews that Mrs. Helmsley has
had a major impact, at first for the better, but more recently for the worse.
She was a brilliant if ruthless real-estate executive, they say, and the
nationwide advertising campaign that identified her as the "Queen" standing
guard over customer services at the Palace produced great dividends.

But her tightening control over the Helmsley operation and, by many accounts,
over Mr. Helmsley himself has been just as damaging, said these former
associates, who asked that they not be identified.

Trial Led to Defections

No one in the management of the company returned telephone calls for comment,
and Howard J. Rubenstein, Mr. Helmsley's public-relations consultant, referred
all questions to Mr. Schrager. Mr. Schrager did not respond to a request to
interview the Helmsleys.

Several former Helmsley-Spear associates were blunt in their criticism of Mrs.
Helmlsey, who is still listed as a broker at Brown Harris Stevens, but who does
not appear to have had a role in the company's day-to-day operations since her
1989 conviction for fraud and tax evasion.

The former employees' criticism focuses on both Mrs. Helmsley's actions within
the business, where she was noted for on-the-spot dismissals that Mr. Helmsley
occasionally reversed, and on her public notoriety before, during and after the
tax-evasion trial. The latter cost the company credibilty, said a former Brown
Harris Steven broker who was part of a mass dismissal last October, and who now
works at another management concern.

The broker said many shareholders in buildings managed by Brown Harris Stevens
read about Mrs. Helmsley's paying personal expenses out of business accounts and
no longer wanted the company to manage their building.

Perhaps as a consequence, and perhaps also because of a growing fragmentation of
the city's co-op management industry, Brown Harris Stevens's client list has
been shrinking, with a half-dozen trophy buildings forsaking the company for
other agencies.

Mrs. Helmsley meanwhile is in seclusion with her husband while her appeal is
pending.

"When the leader passes on," another former Helmsley-Spear broker said, using
the now familiar past tense when speaking of Mr. Helmsley, "there is still the
framework of a very big company there, even though the momentum and the energy
are drifting away. Now the company is just waiting for the next leader to come
along."

Associates Become Managers

Mr. Helmsley is childless, and with his wife facing a possible prison term,
day-to-day management of the company has fallen to two of Mr. Helmsley's oldest
associates, Irving Scheider and Alvin Schwartz. Both are major shareholders in
Helmsley-Spear and are reported to have an agreement to buy Mr. Helmsley's
position on his death.

Craig Panzirer, Mrs. Helmsley's grandson from one of her two earlier marriages,
is a salesman in the company but is not yet regarded as a potential successor to
the helm.

Mr. Schrager, the lawyer, declined to account for the discrepancy between the
court report of mental incompetence and Mr. Helmsley's reported command of his
business. He spoke only of Mr. Helmsley as contented and in control.

"From a global view, the Helmsley interests are stabilized," Mr. Schrager said.
"They are not exposed to the vagaries of the marketplace to the extent that the
rest of the real-estate busines has been. We are not undertaking any new
development projects at this time, because the marketplace doesn't call for any,
and we are basically focusing on managing the existing interests."

But what activity there is constitutes shrinkage.

The Harley Hotel chain of 14 hotels in the East and Middle West has been rumored
to be for sale for some time. Mr. Schrager offered only a faint denial, saying
it has "not been actively put on the market," though the company would enterain
offers.

Last year Mr. Helmsley sold Helmsley-Greenfield, a Philadelphia-based brokerage
with several mid-Atlantic branch offices, Mr. Schrager said, while Brown Harris
Stevens Inc., the residential management and brokerage company, has been on the
market for nearly a year.

Insurance Business Transferred

Helmsley-Spear's big insurance department, which wrote policies on both
commercial and residential properties, has also been transferred, under terms
neither side would reveal, to the Frank B. Hall Insurance Company, controlled by
Saul Steinberg, the financier.

Helmsley-Spear Inc., meanwhile, has been shrinking internally as well, perhaps
to a greater extent than the many other brokerage and management concerns that
have been forced to cut back in the current real-estate recession.

In 1986 a standard directory of Manhattan real-estate brokerages listed
Helmsley-Spear's headquarters at the Lincoln Building, 60 East 42d Street, 27
branch offices nationwide, 86 brokers and 145 sales people. The current
directory shows nine national offices, not counting the old Helmsley-Greenfield
affiliates, 67 brokers and 59 sales people.

Besides the hotels, the brokerage and the management agencies, Mr. Helmsley
controls a handful of important buildings, although real-estate ownership has
never been as large a part of his wealth as it has been for some of the city's
other real-estate leaders.

After seeing Mr. Helmsley not too long ago, Mr. Schrager reported: "He said,
'I've only had one job, but it's the only one I've needed, and I think it has
worked out fairly well.' And I said, 'It certainly has, Mr. H.' "

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: "Helmsley's Manhattan Real Estate Empire"

Harry B. Helmsley's owns an interest in many properties in New York City and
across the country through private syndication partnerships. His firms,
Helmsley-Spear Inc. and Helmsley-Noyes Inc., have refused to list these
interests, for which no public record exists.

Since, by his lawyer's account, Mr. Helmsley's firms manage principally
buildings in which he has an interest, the annual Cushman & Wakefield Manhattan
Office Building Directory listing of principal buildings by managing agents
provides a sense of his holdings. In 1991, the service listed 45 major Manhattan
office buildings under the management of the two firms.

In addition, the following list of Manhattan properties, some of which are
included in Cushman & Wakefield directory, show Mr. Helmsley as principal owner,
as compiled by REDI Real Estate Information Service, of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

HELMSLEY LISTED AS PRINCIPAL OWNER

1. 125 West 97 St.: Park West Village

2. 100 Broadway: Bank of Tokyo

3. 140 Broadway: Marine Midland Bank

4. 1440 Broadway: Offices

5. 36 Central Park South: Park Lane Hotel

6. 245 Fifth Avenue: Offices

7. 261 Fifth Avenue: Offices

8. 10 Hanover Square: Kidder, Peabody & Co.

9. 60 East 42nd St: Lincoln Building

10. 230 Park Avenue: Helmsley Building

11. 575 Park Avenue: The Beekman condominium

12. 200 12th Avenue: Starett-Lehigh Building

OTHERS HELMSLEY INTERESTS

Following are some of the properties managed by Helmsley-Spear Inc. and
Helmsley-Noyes Inc.:

13. One Penn Plaza: Penn Station offices

14. 1466 Broadway: Former Knickerbocker Hotel

15. 250 West 57th Street: Fisk Building

16. 770 Broadway: Former Wanamaker store

17. 915 Broadway: The Broadway Building

18. 1101 Broadway: Toy Center North

19. 175 Fifth Ave.: Flatiron Building

20. 350 Fifth Ave.: Empire State Building

21. 608 Fifth Ave.: Swiss Center

22. 420 Lexington Ave.: Graybar Building (pg. B7)

Map of Manhattan highlighting sites of buildings owned all or in part by Harry
B. Helmsley (pg. B7)





                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Vitter Pushes DOJ for Information on HSBC Drug Money Laundering, Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator David Vitter, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator David Vitter (R-La.), member of the Senate Judiciary Committee,
today sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder pushing for information
regarding alleged tax evasion and money laundering by megabank HSBC in 2012.
HSBC was charged with allowing a massive billion dollar money laundering scheme
that involved Mexican drug cartels and international terrorist organizations,
but was punished with a minor monetary penalty. U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch,
nominee to replace Holder as Attorney General, allowed HSBC to reach an
agreement that avoids prosecution, instead of immediately pursuing criminal
charges.

"This case has been completely swept under the rug, but it provides significant
insight into how Loretta Lynch would act as our country's top law enforcement
official," Vitter said. "If she completely ignored serious tax evasion
allegations against HSBC that put the identities of American citizens at risk,
we need to know a heck of a lot more about it."

Lynch's nomination was scheduled to receive a vote in the Senate Judiciary
Committee last week, but Vitter and others requested a hold-over. The vote on
her confirmation has been delayed.

Prior to the nomination hearings, Lynch failed to include in her questionnaire
an interview in which she defended the HSBC settlement. Vitter submitted a
question for the record asking Lynch how she will handle oversight of this
settlement given the role she played in negotiating it. Click here to read more.

In 2012, HSBC entered into an agreement for $1.26 billion and paid another $665
million in penalties to avoid criminal prosecution. These amounts represent a
small fraction of HSBC's assets. Vitter has been in touch with a whistleblower
who is a former HSBC employee. Click here to read more.

HSBC continues to face similar allegations around the world. Yesterday, Swiss
prosecutors raided HSBC's offices in Geneva based on allegations of tax evasion
and money laundering. Click here to read more.

The text of the letter is below.


The Honorable Eric H. Holder, Jr.
Attorney General
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20530-0001

Dear Attorney General Holder:

As the Senate considers the nomination of the next Attorney General of the
United States, questions remain unanswered about potentially lax treatment of
HSBC Bank USA (HSBC) by the Department of Justice. The handling of this case is
particularly important given the insight it gives the Senate into the decisions
made by Loretta Lynch, who was in charge of the US Attorney's office and the
case at the time. To further the Senate's consideration of her nomination, I
request you supply me and the rest of the Senate Judiciary Committee with any
documents from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in regard to HSBC, as well as
the other documents enumerated below in regard to the HSBC settlement.

These decisions by the DOJ and Ms. Lynch's office raise troubling questions
about whether pertinent information of public concern regarding HSBC was "swept
under the rug", if justice was served, and why HSBC was given special treatment
that allowed it to walk away from such serious offenses unscathed. This case is
increasingly relevant and pressing now that Ms. Lynch has been nominated as the
next Attorney General.

If media reports are true, knowledge of HSBC shielding clients from US tax
liabilities was known to the Department of Justice at least as early as April
2010, yet no criminal charges have ever been brought against HSBC for tax
evasion. Moreover, in 2012 the US Attorney's Office run by Ms. Lynch negotiated
a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with HSBC that allowed HSBC to admit
guilt for the crimes of money laundering and facilitating transactions with
sanctioned countries, but avoid criminal prosecution for those infractions.

Accordingly, as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I request that the
Department of Justice (DOJ) provide the following information:

1) Copies of all documents and information in DOJ's possession reflecting when
the DOJ first learned that HSBC may be involved in tax evasion, including but
not limited to any recommendations from the IRS in regard to HSBC and tax
evasion;

2) Copies of all documents and information in DOJ's possession, including but
not limited to information received from French authorities or any other
persons, governments or entities, reflecting evidence that HSBC was shielding
clients from tax liabilities;

3) Copies of all documents and information relating to the negotiation of the
DPA with HSBC; and

4) Copies of all documents and information relating to why DOJ chose not to
prosecute HSBC for tax evasion, fraud, money laundering, facilitating
transactions with sanctioned countries or any other crimes.

Please deliver copies of this information to my Senate office in Hart Senate
Office Building Room 516, and in electronic form to Travis Johnson at
Travis_Johnson@Vitter.Senate.Gov by February 23, 2015. Should you have any
questions, please contact Travis in my office at (202) 224-4623.

Sincerely,


David Vitter
United States Senate

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

3 Swiss bankers charged in tax evasion row

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Jan. 5 -- The US prosecutors accused three Swiss bankers on Thursday
of conspiring with wealthy US taxpayers to hide more than $1.2 billion in assets
from tax authorities, and sources said the three worked for Wegelin & Co, one of
Switzerland's oldest private banks.

The office of the Manhattan US Attorney said that the indictment charges the
bankers with trying to capture business lost by UBS AG and another large
international Swiss bank in the wake of widespread news reports that the
Internal Revenue Service was investigating UBS in 2008 and 2009.

The charges signal that US authorities are moving closer to criminal charges
against some Swiss and Swiss-style banks that sold tax evasion services to rich
Americans. Wegelin was not identified in the single indictment filed against
Michael Berlinka, Urs Frei and Roger Keller. The three men, who reside in
Switzerland, worked for the unnamed between 2005 and 2010 and sold tax evasion
services from the bank's Zurich office, the indictment said. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            March 31, 2010 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Cook charged with fraud, tax evasion;
The Minneapolis money manager agreed to the charges related to a $190 million
Ponzi scheme.

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 932 words


Trevor Gilson Cook, a 37-year-old Minneapolis money manager who's been accused
by regulators of running a $190 million Ponzi scheme, was charged by federal
authorities Tuesday afternoon with one count of mail fraud and one count of tax
evasion.

Cook was not indicted, but rather, consented to charges filed by the U.S.
attorney's office, a process that usually means a plea agreement will follow.
The mail fraud charge carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison, and the
tax evasion charges carries a maximum of five years.

Cook has been in jail since Jan. 25 on civil contempt charges for refusing to
cooperate with a court-appointed receiver who's trying to recover the investors'
assets. Although a prosecutor can't require cooperation in a civil case, Cook is
nevertheless expected to cooperate with the government now as part of any plea
agreement.

The government charged that Cook raised money from more than 1,000 investors by
selling investments in a "purported foreign currency trading program." He
falsely told investors his program would yield annual returns of 10 to 12
percent with little or no risk to principal, the government alleged.

The tax charge against Cook says that in the calendar year 2008, he falsely
omitted $5,285,719 of taxable income, in effect dodging at least $1,844,571 in
taxes.

Pat Kiley, 71, promoted the investment program on his syndicated radio program
called "Follow the Money," which he produced in a home Cook owned in Burnsville.
Kiley's attorney, Peter Wold, declined to comment other than to note that his
client has not been charged.

Cook operated an unlicensed investment advisory business called Oxford Global
Advisors out of the Van Dusen mansion just south of downtown Minneapolis. He
promoted the investment at seminars in the mansion. Jason Bo-Alan Beckman, an
adviser who operates a firm called The Oxford Private Client Group, promoted
equities at the seminars and got "rebates" for referring clients into the
currency investment program.

Other area financial advisers also were drawn into program, including Ed Baker
of Mesa Holdings. A group of investors at Technical Niche Trading had explored a
partnership with Cook until his investment program imploded in July, when some
Ohio investors filed a federal lawsuit in Minneapolis saying he wouldn't return
nearly $5 million they'd invested. At least two Canadian firms, Kingz Capital
Corp. and Tanren Corp., also did business with Cook and his associates.

Neither Beckman nor any of those other financial advisers have been charged.

Investors want justice

Beckman has hired attorneys in Panama and Switzerland to try to recover
investors' funds. "I think that this is a positive first step," he said of
Cook's criminal charges. "We're not going to cease until Cook and all others
involved are brought to justice."

Jack Harper, an attorney with Messerli and Kramer who represents 135 investors
in the alleged scheme, said in an e-mail Tuesday that he and his clients "want
to see Mr. Cook and all others who were involved in this fraud brought to
justice. Further, we hope that the prospect of lengthy incarceration will change
Cook's mind about disclosing the whereabouts of investor funds and/or turning
over these funds to the Receiver."

According to the government, Cook withheld information from investors about the
precarious financial condition of Crown Forex SA, which was supposedly handling
many of the investors' currency accounts. Swiss regulators shut down Crown Forex
last year and forced it into bankruptcy. Swiss trustees are still unwinding the
company's affairs.

The charges say Cook never told investors he lost more than $35 million trading
currencies between July 2006 and the end of August 2009 through a Chicago firm
called PFG.

To keep the investment scheme going, the government says, Cook had account
statements sent to investors that misrepresented their holdings. He also "cause
a purported due diligence letter to be prepared falsely representing that Oxford
Global Advisors had in excess of $4 billion in assets under management and that
all accounts were 100% liquid," the charges say.

Gary Saunders, an attorney in Corona, Calif., wrote the letter. Saunders was a
partner of Cook's in some Panama land developments, including a plan --
interrupted by the government's investigation of Cook --to build that nation's
largest hotel-casino in Panama City.

The Crown Forex account

An attorney with the court-appointed receiver assigned to track down investors'
assets told Chief U.S. District Judge Michael Davis this week that Cook's
various business entities had no books, nor even a general ledger, making it
difficult to substantiate how much money he was managing.

The charges say Cook caused an account to be opened at Associated Bank in the
name of "Crown Forex LLC." That entity was never properly registered to do
business and listed a bogus Minneapolis street address. Kiley and his secretary
were signatories on the account, but the charges say Cook used it "for
depositing investor funds subsequently diverted for his personal use as well as
the personal use of others."

Cook used his investors' money to make interest and principal payments to other
investors, pay personal expenses, including "substantial gambling debts," and to
buy shares in two trading firms and real estate in Panama and the Van Dusen
mansion in Minneapolis, the charges say. The government says he also used some
of the money "in an effort to deceive Swiss banking regulators" about the assets
of Crown Forex SA. Cook reportedly owned just over half of that entity.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      December 1, 2000 Friday CITY EDITION

NBA REFEREE FROM AFTON IS CONVICTED OF TAX EVASION

BYLINE: Todd Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 576 words


A veteran National Basketball Association referee from the Twin Cities was
convicted Thursday of tax evasion for failing to report extra income from
exchanging airline tickets.

Jurors, who began deliberating Tuesday in U.S. District Court in St. Paul,
convicted Ken Mauer, 45, of Afton, of three of four counts of tax evasion and
one count of obstructing an Internal Revenue Service audit.

Mauer was accused of exchanging first-class airline tickets provided by the
league for coach tickets and pocketing the difference without reporting the
extra income on his federal tax returns in 1991, 1992, 1994 and 1995.

Mauer is the first of about a dozen NBA referees who have faced such charges to
be convicted in a jury trial. His hope now is to avoid becoming the first of
those officials to go to prison.

He faces up to three years in prison for obstruction, five years for each tax
evasion count and a $250,000 fine on each count, Assistant U.S. Attorney Patrick
Hogeboom said. Judge Donovan Frank did not schedule a sentencing date.
The NBA suspended Mauer with pay after he was indicted in July, and his going
back to work likely hinges on not going to prison. At least 11 other NBA
officials have pleaded guilty to similar charges. Most paid fines of a few
thousand dollars, were placed on probation and ordered to pay back taxes. The
NBA has since reinstated several of those officials.
"None of the other referees who have been prosecuted have been sent to prison,"
said Mauer's attorney, Peter Thompson of Minneapolis. "I don't believe Judge
Frank will send Ken Mauer to prison."
Thompson said he found the jury's split verdict, acquitting Mauer of one
tax-evasion count, baffling.
"I always felt we were going to win," a disappointed Mauer said after the
verdict. "I don't feel I'm guilty of a criminal act."
Mauer plans to appeal.
"I intend to continue to fight it because I believe I'm innocent," said Mauer,
joined at his trial by fellow NBA referee Steve Javie of Philadelphia, who was
acquitted earlier of separate tax evasion charges, and dozens of family members
and supporters. "That's why I fought it to begin with. ... I intend to referee
in the NBA again."
The practice of downgrading first-class tickets is legal and is allowed under
the collective bargaining agreement between the referees' union and the NBA.
However, the referees are required to report the income.
Javie said the referees who pleaded guilty did so because of extenuating
circumstances, such as not having the resources to mount a legal defense, and
none felt they were guilty of a criminal violation.
In closing arguments this week, prosecutors contended that Mauer worked the
downgrading scheme with an accountant's precision, and knew full well that the
extra income, which helped build what they called an 8,000-square-foot luxury
home, was taxable. Along the way, prosecutors argued, Mauer made incomplete or
false statements to his tax preparers, IRS agents, NBA officials and to jurors
when he testified during his trial.
"The airport was Mr. Mauer's candy store," Hogeboom told jurors. "He was
maximizing the profit."
Thompson argued that Mauer had acted in good faith. Any mistakes Mauer made were
honest, Thompson said, and prosecutors failed to prove that Mauer had willfully
intended to evade taxes and had corruptly impeded the IRS audit.
Todd Nelson can be reached at tanelson@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5575.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

Former judge kroupa and her husband charged in an indictment.

LENGTH: 277  words


On Monday Former Judge Diane Kroupa and her husband, Robert Fackler, were
charged in an indictment unsealed; report the Minneapolis Star Tribune, Forbes
and the Twin Cities Pioneer Press. A U.S. Tax Court judge who retired in 2014
has been charged with tax evasion. Kroupa and Fackler are charged with
conspiracy, tax evasion, making and subscribing false tax returns, and
obstruction of an Internal Revenue Service audit.

They are accused of claiming nearly $1 million in fraudulent deductions from
2004 to 2010, a period during which Kroupa was a judge. TaxProf Blog links to a
press release announcing the charges.

Prosecutors allege Kroupa and Fackler claimed $500,000 in personal expenses such
as business expenses at Facklers lobbying and political consulting firm and
another $450,000 in business costs for which clients had reimbursed them.

Kroupa and Fackler are also accused of failing to report more than $44,000
received by Kroupa on a 2010 land sale, and of falsely claiming insolvency to
avoid paying tax on a $33,000 canceled debt. Personal expenses that were
deducted included money spent on Pilates classes, spa fees, clothing, home
renovations, a wine club, music lessons and vacations, prosecutors said. He told
the Pioneer Press that he had not yet read the indictment and couldnt comment in
detail. Any indictment is serious, of course, and we will take it seriously, he
said

Kroupa practiced tax law at Faegre & Benson before she became a tax court judge.
Her first appointment was to the Minnesota Tax Court. She was appointed in 2003
to the U.S. Tax Court in Washington, D.C. Tom Brever represents Kroupa and
Fackler. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 13

LENGTH: 471 words


Company markets assets of Filene's Basement, Syms Corp.

Hilco Streambank has been picked to sell the Running of the Brides and Filene's
Basement trademarks as part of a liquidation of the assets in the Syms Corp. and
Filene's Basement bankruptcies.

Hilco Streambank has already begun marketing the assets. Bids will be considered
for the complete portfolio of Syms/Filene's Basement brands, as well as for
individual brands. Jack Hazan, executive vice president at Hilco Streambank,
said that both brands have a national presence, even though most of their stores
are east of the Mississippi.

Filene's Basement parent company Syms Corp. began going-out-of-business sales at
its nearly 40 remaining stores Nov. 16.

Get tickets to fly to Dallas for $11 today

Spirit Airlines is offering $11 fares on its website today to promote its new
flights from Logan Airport in Boston to Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport
in Texas. Miramar, Fla.-based Spirit will begin daily flights between the
airports on March 22. Boston will be one of four new markets that Spirit will
serve out of Dallas/Fort Worth.

Sandwich physician guilty of tax evasion

A Sandwich man was sentenced to nine months of home confinement and fined
$20,000 on Tuesday after he pleaded guilty to tax evasion in August.

Federal prosecutors accused Torrey Toltin, 58, of not filing a federal tax
return since 2001 even though he received more than $694,000 in income from 2003
through 2008 as a physician running Sandwich Pediatrics. To ditch the IRS,
Toltin created a bank account in the name of one of his adult children and
deposited revenues from his pediatric practice into that account.

Toltin must wear an electronic monitoring bracelet.

Mortgage trading firm celebrates ruling

Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc., a Virginia-based company whose
controversial system allows for the rapid trading of home mortgages, is
celebrating a Boston federal court ruling that the firm says validates the MERS
system, particularly in foreclosure cases.

U.S. District Court Judge William Young ruled in favor of Aurora Loan Services,
deciding that Aurora had the right to foreclose on a MERS-assigned loan. The
company cited Young's statement that MERS works effectively as a land
registration system.

Braintree company to help end smoking at housing complexes

Peabody Properties Inc. of Braintree is working with building owner Jamaica
Plain Neighborhood Development Corp. to convert six affordable housing complexes
in Jamaica Plain that Peabody manages into smoke-free units.

Peabody, which manages the properties for JPNDC, is using a $20,000 grant from
the Boston Public Health Commission to convert the 238 housing units.
Twenty-five residents identified as smokers will have access to smoking
cessation support at no cost to them. The transition will take effect by Jan. 1.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Maryland Man Sentenced to More Than Four Years in Prison for Tax
Fraud

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A Chevy Chase, Maryland, man was sentenced to 54 months in prison today after
pleading guilty to a federal tax evasion charge stemming from his failure to pay
taxes on more than $4.8 million in income that he accrued over a six-year
period, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D.
Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S. Attorney Channing
D. Phillips for the District of Columbia and Special Agent in Charge Thomas
Jankowski of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI)
Washington, D.C. Field Office.





 Cornell M. Jones Jr., 59, pleaded guilty on Jan. 19 to one count of tax evasion
.  According to the government's evidence, Jones was the managing member of WFJ
LLC, a Washington, D.C., company that engaged in real estate transactions.  He
was also the executive director of Miracle Hands, a non-profit organization in
Washington, D.C.  In 2012, the IRS revoked Miracle Hand's tax-exempt status over
its failure to file tax returns for 2009 through 2011.



 The government's evidence showed that neither Jones nor WFJ filed returns for
2008 through 2013.  WFJ generated income through the sale and leasing of
commercial properties in Northeast Washington, D.C., and through payments it
received for consulting work purportedly done by Jones.  Jones used WFJ's income
for his personal benefit, which included more than $1 million in cash that he
withdrew from WFJ bank accounts.  During the years 2008 through 2013, Jones
received approximately $4,806,019.04 in taxable income that he failed to report
to the IRS.  The tax due and owing to the United States on this amount is
approximately $1,759,953.



 In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon for the
District of Columbia ordered Jones to serve three years of supervised release,
360 hours of community service and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$1,759,953.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo, U.S. Attorney Phillips and
Special Agent in Charge Jankowski thanked special agents of IRS-CI, who
conducted the investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Saler for the
District of Columbia and Trial Attorney Kenneth C. Vert of the Tax Division, who
prosecuted the case.  Assistance was provided by Assistant U.S. Attorneys David
A. Last, Arvind K. Lal and Michael K. Atkinson; Criminal Investigator Juan
Juarez; Financial Analyst Bryan J. Snitselaar; and Paralegal Specialists C.
Rosalind Pressley and Toni Donato, all of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Washington: Maryland Man Sentenced to More Than Four Years in Prison for Tax
Fraud

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A Chevy Chase, Maryland man was sentenced to 54 months in prison today after
pleading guilty to a federal tax evasion charge stemming from his failure to pay
taxes on more than $4.8 million in income that he accrued over a six-year
period, announced U.S. Attorney Channing D. Phillips, Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax
Division, and Special Agent in Charge Thomas Jankowski of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Washington, D.C. Field Office.



             Cornell M. Jones Jr., 59, pleaded guilty on Jan 19 to one count of
tax evasion.  According to the government's evidence, Jones was the managing
member of WFJ LLC, a Washington, D.C. company that engaged in real estate
transactions.  He was also the executive director of Miracle Hands, a non-profit
organization in Washington, D.C.  In 2012, the IRS revoked Miracle Hand's
tax-exempt status over its failure to file tax returns for 2009 through 2011.

             The government's evidence showed that neither Jones nor WFJ filed
returns for 2008 through 2013.  WFJ generated income through the sale and
leasing of commercial properties in Northeast Washington, D.C., and through
payments it received for consulting work purportedly done by Jones.  Jones used
WFJ's income for his personal benefit, which included more than $1 million in
cash that he withdrew from WFJ bank accounts.  During the years 2008 through
2013, Jones received approximately $4,806,019 in taxable income that he failed
to report to the IRS.  The tax due and owing to the United States on this amount
is approximately $1,759,953.

             In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon
ordered Jones to serve three years of supervised release, perform 360 hours of
community service and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of $1,759,953.

             U.S. Attorney Phillips, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Ciraolo, and Special Agent in Charge Jankowski thanked special agents of IRS-CI,
who conducted the investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Saler for
the District of Columbia and Trial Attorney Kenneth C. Vert of the Tax Division,
who prosecuted the case.  Assistance was provided by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
David A. Last, Arvind K. Lal and Michael K. Atkinson; Criminal Investigator Juan
Juarez; Financial Analyst Bryan J. Snitselaar; and Paralegal Specialists C.
Rosalind Pressley and Toni Donato, all of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
District of Columbia.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Former Finance Director of Pit River Tribe Indicted for Tax Evasion, Failure to
File a Tax Return, and Theft from the Pit River Tribe

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  Kenley Black, 41, formerly of Burney, California, was arrested today at his
home in Ft. Defiance, Arizona on charges of tax evasion, failure to file income
taxes, and embezzlement and theft from a tribal organization, United States
Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced.





 A federal grand jury returned a 25-count indictment on Thursday, March 24,
2016, against Kenley, who served as the the Finance Director for the Pit River
Tribe from 2009 to 2013. Black is not a member of the Pit River Tribe.



 According to court documents, while employed as Finance Director, Black earned
over $810,000 yet did not file income taxes and evaded paying over $225,000 in
taxes. He is charged with five counts of tax evasion and five counts of failure
to file income taxes. Additionally, he is charged with 15 counts of embezzlement
and theft from a tribal organization for embezzling $81,578 from the Pit River
Tribe in 2012 and 2013.



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation. Assistant
United States Attorney Justin Lee is prosecuting the case.



 If convicted, Black faces a maximum statutory penalty of five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine for each count of tax evasion. Additionally, Black faces up
to one year in prison for each count of failure to file a tax return and up to
five years in prison for each count of theft from a tribal organization. Any
sentence, however, would be determined at the discretion of the court after
consideration of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing
Guidelines, which take into account a number of variables. The charges are only
allegations; the defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Joe Usher Pleads Guilty to Federal Tax Offenses

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Zebbie Joe Usher, III, 46, of Knoxville, Tennessee, pleaded guilty on June 2,
2014, in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee at Knoxville
to a two-count information charging him with tax evasion and conspiracy to
commit tax evasion. The Honorable Pamela L. Reeves, U.S. District Judge,
scheduled a status conference for September 15, 2014, at which time a date for
sentencing will be scheduled.

Usher faces a possible prison term of up to 10 years, along with up to $500,000
in fines and the requirement to pay more than $29 million in restitution to the
Internal Revenue Service (IRS).

Usher was previously the chief executive officer of Service Provider Group and
was involved in the management of a number of companies, known as professional
employer organizations (PEOs), which were engaged in the employee leasing and
payroll processing business. According to a plea agreement on file with the U.S.
District Court in Knoxville, the PEOs collected federal payroll taxes from
employees and were required to turn over those funds to the IRS in a timely
manner. However, instead of doing so, Usher and his unnamed co-conspirators used
the funds for other company expenses and personal expenditures. In an attempt to
avoid discovery of their nonpayment of payroll taxes, Usher and his
co-conspirators submitted false documents to the IRS.

Usher's guilty plea is the result of an ongoing investigation by the IRS and
Federal Bureau of Investigation. Assistant United States Attorney Frank M. Dale,
Jr. represents the United States.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Adding New Wrinkles In Shelter Case

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 701 words


Federal prosecutors overseeing a huge tax shelter case against former employees
of the accounting firm KPMG are seeking to introduce evidence that some of the
defendants received secret payments from three little-known investment
boutiques.

The move by federal prosecutors in Manhattan, outlined in a motion filed on
Friday, is an effort by the government to bolster its complex criminal case
against the 18 defendants, who are scheduled to stand trial in January.

In the filing, prosecutors also disclosed that former accountants at the
investment boutiques -- the now-defunct Chenery Associates of San Francisco; the
Diversified Group of New York; and Gramercy, a hedge fund in Greenwich, Conn. --
are expected to testify on the government's behalf. The prosecutors contend that
the firms have been promoters of aggressive tax shelters.

The accusations in the motion, which seeks the admission of certain ''other
crimes'' evidence, do not represent new charges but rather are intended to
support the charges made in the indictment handed up last year against the
defendants, who include an outside lawyer and an outside investment adviser.

It is unclear when the judge overseeing the case, Lewis A. Kaplan of United
States District Court in Manhattan, will decide whether to admit the evidence.

The 18 were charged last year with conspiring to design and sell four types of
illegitimate tax shelters that allowed hundreds of wealthy investors to evade at
least $2.5 billion in taxes from 1996 to 2002. Some of the defendants are also
charged with evasion of personal income taxes stemming from their shelter work.

Lawyers for the defendants, who include a former vice chairman of KPMG and a
former chief financial officer, among other senior executives, say that their
clients acted within the law.

The new filing shows how prosecutors are focusing not on the technical merits of
the complex tax shelters in question but rather on income tax evasion, among
other things.

A focus for prosecutors is Raymond J. Ruble, an outside lawyer who is charged
with one count of conspiracy and 43 counts of tax evasion, including receipt of
secret side payments totaling $4.8 million from 1998 through 2001. Prosecutors
now contend that Mr. Ruble, a pivotal figure in the case, also evaded taxes in
1996 and 1997, taking additional, previously undisclosed side payments from
Chenery and the Diversified Group. Accountants from those two firms are expected
to testify about the payments at trial, the government papers said.

The prosecution's filing also contained new assertions concerning previously
unknown or little-known aggressive tax shelters sold by the defendants and
known, as listed in the filing, as Permian Mud, Zens and triple bypass.
Prosecutors contend that with Chenery, Mr. Ruble helped sell Zens to a Northern
Marianas entity known as the United Micronesia Development Corporation around
1997.

They contend further that another defendant, Robert Pfaff, a former KPMG
partner, took $2.5 million in side payments from Chenery and the Diversified
Group, among others, for work promoting tax shelters. According to the filing,
Mr. Pfaff used a Philippine resident to set up secret offshore bank accounts to
filter his tax shelter income to his country club, landscaper, contractor,
children's trusts, art galleries and car dealerships, in a scheme called Somer
Leasing. The Philippine resident is now a government witness.

Lawyers for Mr. Ruble and Mr. Pfaff did not return calls seeking comment late
yesterday.

Prosecutors contend that a third defendant, Carl Hastings. took previously
undisclosed side payments from Gramercy for shelters sold with KPMG that
involved distressed debt.

A fourth defendant. David Greenberg, a former KPMG partner in Los Angeles who
remains in jail after failing to post $20 million bail, is now also accused of
selling an aggressive tax shelter known as triple bypass to the boss of a
defendant, Gregg Ritchie, another former KPMG tax partner, when Mr. Ritchie
later worked at the Pacific Capital Group. Pacific Capital was founded by Gary
Winnick, the founder of Global Crossing.

Lawyers for Mr. Hastings and Mr. Greenberg declined to comment yesterday.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    August 22, 2003 Friday National Edition

'King' of N.Y. clubs sent back to Canada: 'He is a free man. He is not a felon.
At least he is not someone who is a danger to the community': Convicted of tax
evasion

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Julie Smyth

SECTION: News; Crime and Punishment; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 777 words

Peter Gatien, a legendary club owner who has run some of Manhattan's most famous
bars, is being deported back to Canada after being convicted of tax evasion.

At the height of his career, Mr. Gatien, who left the small Ontario town of
Cornwall for the bright lights of New York, had 50,000 customers packing his
popular discos, the Tunnel, the Palladium and the Limelight, every week. At its
lowest, he was charged with drug conspiracy and racketeering over allegations
two of his clubs were being run as "virtual ecstasy supermarkets," faced
bankruptcy and served jail time for his tax conviction.

His trendy bars became the centre of attention when a colleague was convicted of
bludgeoning a regular club-goer to death over a drug debt.

Mr. Gatien, 50, was cleared of all racketeering and drug-related charges but in
1999, pleaded guilty to skimming US$1.3-million in taxes from his business.
Lawyers for the U.S. government argued this amounted to a felony fraud and
grounds for sending him out of the country.

On Wednesday, Mr. Gatien, who faced months of detention while his deportation
hearing played out in the courts, agreed in a New York court to return to
Canada. He will be in a Pennsylvania facility for the next few days until he is
sent across the border.

However, those close to Mr. Gatien say it will not be long before the man whose
lifestyle epitomized the New York party scene in the '80s and '90s is back in
business -- this time working out lucrative television and book deals and making
movies and a television series.

"He has many irons in the fire," Steven Weinberg, his lawyer, said in an
interview yesterday from his New York office.

"He's a free man. He is not a felon. At least he is not someone who is a danger
to the community. He would be free to be in Canada and do what he wanted."

He hinted a reality television series could be in the offing.

"Peter has a lot of ideas. He is a very talented man and he will come up on his
feet." Mr. Gatien has been quoted in the New York press saying he is working on
a television show about a nightclub, which he described as "Moulin Rouge meets
Cheers with a little Sex and the City thrown in."

Another one of his lawyers, Benjamin Brafman, was quoted yesterday saying he is
in negotiations to sell the rights to his life story to "some very prominent
people in the entertainment industry." Mr. Brafman did not return calls
yesterday.

In past interviews, Mr. Gatien has indicated he is fed up with the nightclub
business and is keen to get back into movies. Throughout his colourful career,
he has dabbled in magazines, owned a record label and produced a film, A Bronx
Tale, which was directed by Robert De Niro.

He is set to be the centre of a new film, titled Pursuit of Pleasure, based on
his life with his daughter, Jennifer, a filmmaker. It is being produced by the
company owned by Akiva Goldsman, the Oscar-winning screenwriter of A Beautiful
Mind. Keanu Reeves, Sean Penn and Ralph Fiennes have been tipped as potential
stars to play Mr. Gatien.

Mr. Gatien's American wife, Alessandra, and his children are expected to join
him in Canada, leaving behind their expensive apartment and high-living
lifestyle in New York. It is not clear where they will live.

When the National Post contacted his relatives in Cornwall, they declined to
comment and promptly hung up the phone.

Mr. Gatien, the son of a postman, began his empire with a $17,000 insurance
payment he received after losing his eye in a Junior A hockey game. He invested
the money in a jeans store in Cornwall, then sold that business to open a
nightclub in town, the Aardvark, reputed to be the meeting place for a local
chapter of the Outlaws motorcycle gang. He then headed for America, buying a
club in Hollywood, Fla.

In the early 1980s, he opened his first New York nightclub. As he rose to fame,
the tabloids named him the "King of Clubs."

In the book Clubland: The Fabulous Rise and Murderous Fall of Club Culture by
Frank Owen, published this year and excerpted in the National Post, Mr. Owen
describes being in the Limelight, one of Manhattan's best-known clubs during the
1990s.

From inside the bar, which had earlier housed an Episcopal church, he details
scenes of comatose partygoers, customers opening vials of white power on to
small mirrors and wildly dressed drag queens.

In the book, he describes Mr. Gatien's "crack-cocaine benders with $1,000-a
night prostitutes" adding that, in the press, he often came across as a
respectable entrepreneur and "clean-living family man" who took his children to
Disney World and went sailing at his country estate in Ontario.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: James Estrin, The New York Times; Peter Gatien,
50, who grew up in Cornwall, operated some of Manhattan's most famous nightclubs
in the 1980s and '90s.

TYPE: News; Crime

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 23, 1994, Tuesday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 666 words


TRUCKERS FIGHT

FUEL TAX EVASION

I am writing in regard to your Aug. 11 article, "US Steps Up Its Efforts vs.
Motor Fuel Tax Cheats" (Page 3B).

The subject, a congressional hearing held the day before on the evasion of
federal and state fuel taxes, was a worthy one, but the article contained a
glaring inaccuracy that should not pass without correction.

Fuel tax evasion has been recognized for a decade as a serious problem
nationwide. The motor carrier industry has been an active supporter of the joint
federal and state efforts to combat it, which were described at the hearing. The
trucking industry, like all highway users, is a victim of fuel tax evasion,
which robs government of much needed road funding.

No one familiar with the problems of fuel tax evasion attributes the problem to
motor carriers, who are only rarely involved in such schemes and who rarely
benefit from them, directly or indirectly. Instead, the evasion commonly occurs
at various levels in the chain of fuel distribution, long before the product is
consumed on the road.

The federal officials who testified at the hearing did not blame truckers,
either explicitly or implicitly, nor did the state officials who testified, nor
did the petroleum industry witnesses. You unwittingly indicted the wrong
parties.

Robert C. Pitcher

Director, Dept. of State Laws

American Trucking Associations

Alexandria, Va.  WHY MARITIME

REFORM IS NEEDED

The House of Representatives has passed H.R. 4003 providing for the funding of
maritime reform. The Senate must follow through and pass S. 1945, a companion
bill. Failure to do so will result in a rapid decline of U.S. flag vessels
engaged in the foreign trades.

Specifically, failure to pass such legislation will:

* See the current fleet of 199 vessels decline to 77 vessels by Dec. 31, 1998, a
decline of 61 percent.

* See current billets (jobs) numbering 4,957 decline to 1,812, a decline of 63
percent.

* See seamen employed, assuming 2.5 seamen per billet (the industry standard),
decline from 12,393 to 4,530, a decline of 63.4 percent.

These declines are based on the following conditions:

* Maritime reform fails to pass.

* Phaseout of current Operating Differential Subsidy contracts.

* Announced reflagging of certain vessels.

* Construction Differential Subsidy-built vessels scrapped when CDS restrictions
expire.

* Military Sealift Command charters are maintained at current levels.

* Cargo preference laws maintained.

In closing, national pride, the economic defense of the country and military
defense of the country dictate that the presence of the American flag in the
foreign trades is paramount.

Capt. Warren G. Leback

Princeton, N.J.  DON'T PREACH TO THE

DOMINICAN REPUBLIC

In his Aug. 10 opinion piece, "Stopping Dominican Vote Fraud" (Page 8A), Andrew
Reding expands on a current Washington theme of arrogant self- righteousness. He
proposes that President Clinton ask for new Dominican elections and replacement
of the current Dominican Electoral Board.

Mr. Reding obviously believes the United States has a right to tell other
democracies how to run their internal affairs. The Dominican Republic is a
friendly democracy. The United States helped it to become one. Washington
financed its transition from dictatorship to democracy, even sending in the
military to assure the transition.

Now some observers claim vote fraud in the last presidential election. As a
Chicagoan of many decades, that claim is very familiar. In Chicago almost every
election is categorized as "fraud" by the losing party. But we do not entertain
recommendations by powers outside Chicago (state, federal or foreign) that we
hold another election.

With massive, entrenched problems in our own country, self-appointed experts in
academia should focus on solving America's problems, and stop insisting on how
our friendly, democratic neighbors should solve theirs.

William E. Kentor

Highland Park, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

RAPE CHARGE LATEST OF TAYLOR'S TROUBLES

BYLINE: Palm Beach Post Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Thanks to Lawrence Taylor, such phrases as the blind side and strip-sacks became
part of football's vernacular. Offensive coordinators built game plans around
slowing the New York Giants linebacker down. Rarely did those tactics work.

He was one of the NFL's greatest players and became a first-ballot member of the
Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1999.

The only point of contention at the time: his off-field behavior.

While Taylor's arrest Thursday for third-degree rape and patronizing a
prostitute stands as the most shocking of his run-ins with the law, it is only
the latest. The list of charges he's faced, from drug cases to tax evasion,
dates back more than two decades to his playing career and includes several
recent entries. Taylor has been cited three times in Florida over the last six
months alone for infractions on the road.

Taylor's lifestyle already was an issue when he was still playing. In 1988, he
tested positive for cocaine and was suspended for 30 days by the NFL. Even
before then, there were whispers throughout the league that Taylor had a drug
problem, and that Bill Parcells, then the Giants coach and now the Dolphins'
executive vice president of football operations, weeded out any such players
except for LT after the 1983 season.

Taylor also was charged with criminal property damage in 1991 for allegedly
damaging a taxi in Honolulu. Five years later, he was arrested for buying crack
cocaine from an undercover officer in South Carolina. Two years after that,
Taylor was charged with the same crime in Florida. He has been arrested for
failure to pay child support and for tax evasion, and also has filed for
bankruptcy.

The off-field issues certainly were raised 11 years ago when Taylor became
eligible for the Hall, and several voters said they wouldn't even consider him.

Taylor, now 51, admitted to paying for sex at a suburban Holiday Inn where
police say he raped a 16-year-old runaway, federal prosecutors said Friday in a
criminal complaint against the girl's alleged pimp.

Authorities claim the Pro Football Hall of Famer told police following his
arrest Thursday that he had taken a car service from Newark International
Airport to the hotel north of New York City to meet "Victim-1."

Taylor told investigators that after "engaging in sex acts" with the victim, he
paid her $300 in cash, the complaint says. The man charged in the complaint,
Rasheed Davis, had told the Giants legend that the girl was 19, the court papers
say.

Houston: Texans linebacker Brian Cushing has been suspended four games without
pay for violating the NFL's policy on performance-enhancing substances.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  NFL

GRAPHIC:  Taylor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 27, 2009 Wednesday

ONE 'HEL' OF A RIDE FOR INDY 500 CHAMP

BYLINE: DAVID SATRIANO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 372 words


What a difference a month makes.

In April, IndyCar Series driver Helio Castroneves was on trial for six counts of
tax evasion for allegedly failing to report about $5 million of income to the
IRS from 1999 through 2004, unsure if he would face jail time or ever race
again. But when the news came on April 17 that he was acquitted of all tax
evasion charges - and a final count of conspiracy was dropped last Friday - it
was a huge relief to the Brazilian star.

"The whole month of May, everything was falling into place," Castroneves said
yesterday while celebrating his Indianapolis 500 victory at an event outside
Radio City Music Hall. "Certainly it will be a month I will never ever forget
and a year I will never ever forget."

On April 19, two days after his trial ended, Castroneves returned to the
racetrack. He finished seventh in the Toyota Grand Prix in Long Beach, Calif. A
week later, he finished in second place, followed by Sunday's third career
Indianapolis 500 triumph.

"I never thought about my career or never racing," Castroneves said. "I thought
maybe I'll have a pause in my career, but certainly I'll come back stronger. The
good news is, I only missed one race and I definitely came back stronger."

He led 66 laps of the Indy 500, including the first seven, after starting from
the pole position. After he regained the lead on lap 142 (of 200), he did not
relinquish it the rest of the race.

"As soon as I took the lead, I was just like, 'I don't wanna be second or third
anymore,' " Castroneves said. "Definitely the car was working up front, and the
team did a hell of a job to work and make everything great for me."

Castroneves said his third Indianapolis 500 victory felt very different from the
previous two.

"To win Indy is very special, and each one I have a great memory from it, but
the third one for me, after everything that happened in my life and my family
going through that as well, certainly has a different taste," he said. "I'm so
grateful for everything that's happened. The only message that I have to say
when I was in the down time, I never lost faith."

After collecting over $3 million in prize money from the race, you can bet
Castroneves will report those winnings to the IRS.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                               May 8, 2006 Monday
                                 SECOND EDITION

More problems for Polk: Law license may be taken

BYLINE: By Peter Shinkle ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 838 words


For a man who has made his living as a high-profile lawyer, it may be the
toughest blow yet.

Charles E. Polk Jr., who pleaded guilty last month to federal charges related to
tax evasion and fraud, appears near to losing his law license.

The Missouri Supreme Court gave him until May 16 to show why it should not
suspend the license Polk used to represent municipal governments and private
clients, work for high-powered firms, and ultimately commit fraud against the
Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District.

His attorney, Scott Rosenblum, said, "Mr. Polk is planning to surrender his
license with the hope to reapply at some later date."

Meanwhile, the United Way of Greater St. Louis is still conducting its review of
Cheryl Polk, his wife, who is a top official at the agency and became involved
in one of her husband's business ventures that led to criminal charges against
him.

Lisa Richter, spokeswoman for the charity, said the review continues. "To date,
there has been no indication that the legal matters involving Charles Polk have
any connection to Cheryl's work at the United Way," she said.

Prosecutors claim that Charles Polk failed to file income tax returns and
avoided paying $470,000 owed from 1998 to 2002.

Asked whether Cheryl Polk filed taxes jointly or separately from her husband,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Reap, the prosecutor on the case, declined to
comment. Rosenblum also declined to comment on whether she filed separately but
said prosecutors have indicated that Cheryl Polk is not a target of their probe.

Richter, the United Way spokeswoman, said she does not know the tax information
of Cheryl Polk, whose annual salary as chief operating officer was recently
reported at $168,420.

"Like many employers, the United Way doesn't ask for, and doesn't have,
employees' personal tax information," she said.

Charles Polk, 45, of St. Charles, pleaded guilty April 24 to charges he
defrauded MSD of $45,190 when he was its general counsel. He also pleaded guilty
to a tax evasion charge. He will be sentenced in U.S. District Court in St.
Louis on Aug. 31.

The Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel, which enforces rules of professional
conduct for lawyers, asked for suspension of Polk's license because of his
pleas. It has been called to examine Polk's conduct before.

In 2002, Polk and a businessman launched a plan to win government compensation
for families of Oklahoma City bombing victims. But some Oklahomans complained
that Polk was using his relationship with John Ashcroft, then U.S. attorney
general, to impress potential clients.

Then another participant in the Oklahoma City venture, St. Louis attorney Doug
Dowd, announced he would drop out and file a complaint that Polk violated the
code of conduct by agreeing to split legal fees with a nonlawyer. No
disciplinary action resulted.

Ultimately, the federal indictment against Polk claimed that as part of the
Oklahoma City effort, he stole from his law firm at the time, Lathrop & Gage,
the $382,000 that the businessman invested in 2002.

The businessman, James Helenthal, paid $250,000 into a brokerage account owned
jointly by the Polks, and wrote a check for $132,000 to Cheryl Polk with a note
saying, "Martha's Vineyard/Cheryl," the indictment said. The couple owned a
vacation home on the Massachusetts island of Martha's Vineyard.

Charles Polk has pleaded not guilty to a charge related to the Oklahoma City
venture, and it is expected to be dismissed. Cheryl Polk was not named in the
criminal case.

But Helenthal filed a civil suit against the Polks, alleging fraud, and a St.
Louis County Circuit judge recently ordered the couple to pay him $3.6 million.

MSD case

The MSD plea came as vindication to Terry Follmer. While Polk was hobnobbing
with movers and shakers in Washington, Follmer was a little-known auditor at
MSD.

In 2003, after Follmer questioned Polk's handling of $318,000 in checks issued
by MSD, Polk charged that Follmer was conducting a "witch hunt" targeting
minority firms. Polk, who is black, denounced Follmer, who is white, for
pursuing a "misappropriation conspiracy theory involving blacks and MSD."

Follmer made reference to the Mexican woman he intended to marry and retorted,
"Anyone who tries to play the minority-race card against me is full of bunk."

For Follmer, now married to the woman and living in Chicago, Polk's plea has
brought a measure of satisfaction. But he also worries that taxpayers paid the
cost of the prolonged investigation and litigation.

"It's a lose-lose situation," he said. "There's not a happy ending for anybody.
"

Lance LeComb, an MSD spokesman, said the agency worked closely with the federal
investigation of Polk's dealings, and that it has recovered all but $30,000 of
the missing money.

Since Polk left his post as outside general counsel in 2000, MSD has hired new
auditors, set up new internal controls and implemented recommendations of two
state audits, LeComb said.

"The district is a different place than it was when Charles Polk was here," he
said. "It's a new day at the district."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Polk  Pleaded guilty of tax evasion, fraud

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 20, 2003 Friday

United States

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; What's News; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 120 words


The federal tax-evasion case against former Tyco International Ltd. chief
financial officer Mark Swartz is likely to be dismissed, after federal
prosecutors in New Hampshire concluded they had filed the case in the wrong
court. William Morse, the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case in Concord,
N.H., said prosecutors had some concerns about proving that an "affirmative act
of tax evasion" had taken place in New Hampshire. Mr. Morse said the government
intends to reindict Mr. Swartz in another federal court, perhaps in Florida,
where the former Tyco finance chief lived and filed his tax returns, or Georgia,
which is the location of the Internal Revenue Service office where Mr. Swartz's
returns were sent.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 19, 2006 Thursday

The Barrett report

BYLINE: Robert Novak

LENGTH: 633 words


WASHINGTON

The long-awaited final report by Independent Counsel David Barrett, to be
released today, was severely censored by court order but not enough to
sufficiently obscure its importance. As long forecast, it alleges serious
corruption in the Clinton administration's Justice Department and Internal
Revenue Service. The question is what was contained in 120 pages removed by the
judges.

These allegations explain why Barrett finally has closed down after 10 years the
last prosecution under the lapsed independent counsel statute. Its target, Henry
Cisneros, long ago resigned as secretary of Housing and Urban Development in a
plea bargain after admitting he lied to FBI interrogators to gain Senate
confirmation. What kept Barrett in business was what he and his prosecutors
contend is a Clinton administration cover-up of income tax evasion charges
against Cisneros.

Not only Barrett's stubbornness but also a tip from an IRS whistle-blower in San
Antonio, Texas, meant the case did not end with Cisneros' personal disgrace. But
for now, the cover-up has succeeded. No tax prosecution was brought against
Cisneros, and IRS conduct has not been questioned. Friends describe Barrett, a
Republican lawyer from Washington, as feeling that he has failed fully to
uncover the scandal and that it is now up to Congress to get out the truth.

This probably would have been just another undiscovered scandal had the whistle
not been blown by John J. Filan, chief of the IRS's Criminal Investigation
Division in the South Texas District. In a March 31, 1997, memo, Filan expressed
outrage that the IRS chief counsel's office in Washington on Jan. 15 had pulled
a tax evasion case out of San Antonio because it required "centralized review."
Filan wrote: "I am not aware of any other criminal tax cases that have been
pulled from experienced District Counsel attorneys."

With the case now in Washington, the IRS declined to prosecute. In a second memo
on April 25, Filan said IRS Assistant Chief Counsel Barry Finkelstein's
conclusions "are just plain wrong." Payments to Cisneros' former mistress and
money spent for other purposes exceeded declared income, said the
whistle-blower, and "clearly proves Cisneros knowingly and willingly signed and
filed false and fraudulent income tax returns" for 1991, 1992 and 1993.

That launched Barrett on four frustrating years of attempting tax evasion
prosecution in the face of Attorney General Janet Reno's obstructions. Permitted
by Reno to focus on only one year, the independent counsel could not make the
case of extended tax evasion.

Nevertheless, the question remains what the three senior federal appellate
judges with supervising authority over the independent counsel -- David Sentelle
(D.C.), Thomas Reavley (Texas) and Peter Fay (Florida) -- blacked out in 120
pages worth of redactions. Barrett and his lawyers would face judicial sanctions
if they disclosed anything that was redacted.

However, the judges have established an exception, or rather 535 exceptions, to
the rule that nobody can see what has been redacted. Any member of Congress can
read it merely by asking. Any such lawmaker who believes American taxpayers
should see the product of $23 million in expenditures presumably could then
publish the material without fear of legal sanction.

But will any senator or House member do it? Nobody is interested in further
prosecution of Henry Cisneros, an exceptional public figure who might well have
become the first Hispanic-American governor of Texas and perhaps even president
of the United States. Rather, an unredacted Barrett report is an opportunity to
observe how the Internal Revenue Service decides when to prosecute, a place
where Congress until now has feared to venture.

Robert Novak is a columnist for the Chicago Sun-Times.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 19, 1997 Friday SFCITY EDITION

MAN SENTENCED FOR TAX EVASION / THE FORMER OWNER OF 31 AREA CHECK-CASHING
CENTERS WILL PAY MORE THAN $4 MILLION IN TAXES AND PENALTIES.

BYLINE: Julia C. Martinez, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 329 words


The stealing started when he was a youngster who slipped a candy bar into his
pocket without paying for it, a weeping Adrian Rubin told a federal judge
yesterday as the former owner of Happy's Check Cashing Agency was about to be
sentenced for tax evasion.

It continued until recently, when he was caught slipping $4.4 million in income
past Uncle Sam to avoid paying $1.4 million in taxes, Rubin said.

Rubin, who owned 31 check-cashing centers in and around Philadelphia, was
sentenced to a year and a month in federal prison for what Assistant U.S.
Attorney Paul Sarmousakis called one of the largest tax evasion schemes ever
recorded in the country for a small business owner.

Rubin agreed to reimburse the IRS more than $4 million in back taxes, interest
and penalties and forfeit $263,974 for failure to file a currency transaction
report.

Rubin pleaded guilty in May to conspiracy to defraud the United States, six
counts of tax evasion, and failure to file the currency report.

Sarmousakis said Rubin has sold the check-cashing agencies and would use some of
the proceeds to pay his debt to the IRS. He has also relinquished interest in
cash and gold and silver bars seized in 1994 from his Montgomery County home.

During a lengthy discourse before U.S. District Judge Jan E. DuBois, Rubin said
there were many candy bar-type instances leading up to the tax evasion.

In addition to not reporting income between 1984 and 1994, Rubin induced Happy's
employees to accept part or all of their wages in cash, so he could avoid paying
payroll taxes.

Rubin, 39, of Huntingdon Valley, had been under investigation for several months
before charges were filed against him this spring. Convinced that he would be
charged and sent to prison, he surrendered to authorities in January and began
serving a voluntary prison sentence. The eight months he has served so far will
be applied to his sentence, along with time off for good behavior.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 09, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

State Urged to Pull Educator's License; Board Votes on Counselor in Tax Evasion
Case

SECTION: Weekly - Virginia; Pg. V01

LENGTH: 716 words


The Alexandria School Board has recommended that the Virginia Board of Education
suspend the teaching license of James E. McClure, the former guidance director
at T.C. Williams High School who served 60 days in jail last year for tax
evasion.

If the state panel agrees, McClure likely could not be a guidance counselor or
teacher in Virginia. Currently, McClure, 55, of Springfield, is assigned to the
school system's central administrative offices.

The School Board's unanimous vote Feb. 2 followed a closed session two weeks
earlier, during which more than 25 people spoke in support of McClure, according
to school system and community sources.

At the closed meeting, sources say, Acting Superintendent Maxine J. Wood
recommended that McClure's teaching license be revoked. A motion to send that
recommendation to state education officials gained three votes instead of the
five needed to pass, sources say. A motion to urge a four-year suspension of the
teaching license passed, also on a split vote.

Last Thursday, in open session, the board unanimously affirmed the proposed
suspension, without specifically identifying McClure. Some members of the
audience booed board members after the vote was taken.

One shouted, "That stinks," and another said, "That was a bad move," as the two
and about 20 others walked out of the board meeting. School Board Chairman V.
Rodger Digilio responded, "I think that's out of order."

McClure's fate has been a sometimes emotional issue since last April, when he
was charged with several counts of federal tax evasion. In June, he pleaded
guilty to one count of felony tax evasion and began serving a 60-day jail
sentence.

His supporters say that he has been punished enough and that he should be
allowed to return to T.C. Williams, where he ran the guidance department for two
decades before being reassigned last spring. Some School Board members say it
would send a bad message to young people if he is reinstated at the high school.

McClure's lawyer, Gregory L. Murphy, said McClure will issue no public comment
on the status of his teaching license while the matter is under review. Murphy
said McClure has not decided whether to contest the proposed suspension with
state officials.

"Jim does not want to do something that is not in the community's best
interest," Murphy said. "He doesn't want to create a distraction or make it more
difficult for the new superintendent and the new School Board."

State and local authorities say that if a teaching license is suspended in
Virginia, it is reinstated automatically at the end of the suspension period.
McClure will be eligible for retirement about the time the suspension ends if
the state upholds the local recommendation, officials say.

However, state officials say they are not bound by the local board's
recommendation. They must hold at least one closed hearing on McClure's fate,
but they can impose a less severe or a more severe penalty, said Thomas Elliott,
chief for compliance of the state Department of Education.

Elliott said the state Board of Education normally takes up proposed license
revocations and suspensions quarterly, so it is possible that final action on
McClure's license won't be taken until late spring.

Murphy said he hopes that state officials will "listen to the voice of the
community" when ruling on the license question. He noted that former Alexandria
superintendent Paul W. Masem was among the people who testified on McClure's
behalf before the local School Board.

Several School Board members have said that they would be sending the wrong
message to students if McClure were allowed to return to T.C. Williams.

Pat Hennig, one of three School Board members from the city's West End, said
McClure backers who shouted at board members last week should be aware that
state laws and regulations make it difficult for convicted felons to retain
teaching or guidance positions.

Regardless of the outcome in Richmond, sources say, McClure has no guarantee
that he will have a school system job indefinitely. After working on a series of
projects in the central administration, McClure will be given duties that are
related to guidance counseling but that do not involve direct contact with
individual students, officials say.

LOAD-DATE: February 09, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 30, 1989, Thursday, City Edition

Grand jury indicts lawyer on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: BRUCE VIELMETTI

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Tampa defense lawyer Frank Ragano was indicted Wednesday by    a federal
grand jury on charges of tax evasion and obstruction of    justice. It is the
third time Ragano has faced tax charges.

     The indictment charges Ragano, 64, with underreporting his and his
wife's income by more than $ 107,000 on joint tax returns for the years    1982
and 1983. In 1982, according to the indictment, Ragano reported an    income of
$ 8,373, when he knew he actually had income of $ 91,620. That    amounted to a
savings of more than $ 24,000 in taxes owed to the    government, the indictment
alleges.

     A second count charges that in 1984, Ragano filed a joint tax    return
reporting income of $ 38,354, when the couple's actual income was    $ 62,864,
resulting in a tax shortage of more than $ 10,000.

     Two additional counts of the indictment charge Ragano with    obstructing
an investigation into the matter in late 1986 and early    1987, and with
obstructing a federal grand jury in November 1987 by    causing a witness to
give a false written statement that some of    Ragano's income was actually a
loan from the witness.

     Ragano is known for defending such high-profile clients as former
Teamster boss Jimmy Hoffa and the late Santo Trafficante.

     In a news release, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Genzman credited    IRS
special agents and Special Attorney Kevin R. March of the Miami    Strike
Force's Tampa office for investigating the case.

     Ragano did not return a telephone call to his office Wednesday.

     Ragano has faced similar charges before.

     In 1972, a federal court jury acquitted Ragano of tax evasion on    his
1967 return but convicted him of making a false statement. An    appeals court
later threw out the conviction.

     In 1973, Ragano was indicted again, on charges of conspiracy, tax
evasion and making false statements in connection with his 1967 and    1968
returns, and was later convicted.

     In 1974, the Florida Bar wanted Ragano suspended because of the
conviction, but the Florida Supreme Court refused. The Bar charged that    the
court overlooked its own ethics code when it relied on character    references
from six Hillsborough judges. Among the judges who wrote in    support of Ragano
was Arden Mays Merckle, whom Ragano later defended    when Merckle was charged
with taking bribes.

     A year later, after an appeals court upheld Ragano's 1974    conviction,
the Supreme Court did suspend Ragano. He was reinstated in    1981, over the
Bar's objection, but was given a new three-month    suspension for professional
misconduct in a 1970 divorce case.

     Ragano sued Time magazine in 1966 after the magazine published a    photo
of him and Trafficante, along with several other men, in a    restaurant. The
caption identified the group as "top Cosa Nostra    hoodlums." Ragano lost the
lawsuit.





LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Frank Ragano

                            Times Publishing Company


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Maryland Man Sentenced to More Than Four Years in Prison for Tax Fraud

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Columbia has
issued the following news release:



  A Chevy Chase, Maryland man was sentenced to 54 months in prison today after
pleading guilty to a federal tax evasion charge stemming from his failure to pay
taxes on more than $4.8 million in income that he accrued over a six-year
period, announced U.S. Attorney Channing D. Phillips, Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax
Division, and Special Agent in Charge Thomas Jankowski of the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Washington, D.C. Field Office.





             Cornell M. Jones Jr., 59, pleaded guilty on Jan 19 to one count of
tax evasion.  According to the government's evidence, Jones was the managing
member of WFJ LLC, a Washington, D.C. company that engaged in real estate
transactions.  He was also the executive director of Miracle Hands, a non-profit
organization in Washington, D.C.  In 2012, the IRS revoked Miracle Hand's
tax-exempt status over its failure to file tax returns for 2009 through 2011.



             The government's evidence showed that neither Jones nor WFJ filed
returns for 2008 through 2013.  WFJ generated income through the sale and
leasing of commercial properties in Northeast Washington, D.C., and through
payments it received for consulting work purportedly done by Jones.  Jones used
WFJ's income for his personal benefit, which included more than $1 million in
cash that he withdrew from WFJ bank accounts.  During the years 2008 through
2013, Jones received approximately $4,806,019 in taxable income that he failed
to report to the IRS.  The tax due and owing to the United States on this amount
is approximately $1,759,953.



             In addition to the prison term, U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon
ordered Jones to serve three years of supervised release, perform 360 hours of
community service and pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of $1,759,953.



             U.S. Attorney Phillips, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Ciraolo, and Special Agent in Charge Jankowski thanked special agents of IRS-CI,
who conducted the investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Saler for
the District of Columbia and Trial Attorney Kenneth C. Vert of the Tax Division,
who prosecuted the case.  Assistance was provided by Assistant U.S. Attorneys
David A. Last, Arvind K. Lal and Michael K. Atkinson; Criminal Investigator Juan
Juarez; Financial Analyst Bryan J. Snitselaar; and Paralegal Specialists C.
Rosalind Pressley and Toni Donato, all of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
District of Columbia.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Jury convicts Ore. man who netted $3.5M

BYLINE: David Migoya

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 491 words


An Oregon man was convicted Tuesday of orchestrating an elaborate scheme that
exploited Colorado's flawed conservation easement program and allowed him to
pocket about $3.5 million.

Alan DeAtley, 60, of Medford, Ore., was convicted in Denver District Court on 22
charges that included forgery, theft and tax evasion, as well as one count
related to organized crime.

DeAtley, who was acquitted on three charges of tax evasion, faces up to 100
years in prison. He is scheduled for sentencing on April 7.

His victims include auto dealer John Medved, several real estate developers, and
Sheri and Richard Schmelzer, the inventors of Jibbitz, the charms that fit into
the holes of Crocs shoes.

The scheme wrapped around the early days of Colorado's conservation easement
program in which landowners donated property in return for tax credits they
could use to pay state income tax liabilities. The land would be protected from
future development. The tax credits could be sold if a landowner chose not to
use them.

DeAtley and two other men were accused of manipulating easement values and
selling tax credits that never existed.

The men allegedly purchased a 506 acre spread in Walden for $130,000, then
divided the property between 15 straw companies, according to their 2010
indictment.

Richard Davis and David Zamzow were charged under the same indictment. Charges
against Davis were dismissed. Zamzow pleaded guilty to a forgery charge, was
given a deferred sentence and the charge later dismissed, prosecutors said.

DeAtley was able to pull off the scheme by forging the signature of Kermit
Allard on appraisal documents that inflated the value of the land. Prosecutors
said Allard, the brother of former U.S. Sen. Wayne Allard, was certified to
appraise items related to business sales and divorces, not land for conservation
easement purposes.

Then, using the bogus appraisals that inflated the value of the partitioned
properties to more than $19 million, DeAtley brokered the tax credits to
unsuspecting buyers, who in turn used the credits against their own tax returns.

In several cases, DeAtley sold additional credits on property whose tax credits
had already been sold to other taxpayers, then pocketed the profits.

The Colorado Department of Revenue would not honor the credits the victims used,
saying the fraud was the result of a private transaction. About 20 families were
duped and all have been forced to pay the original $3.5 million in tax
obligations some nearly a decade after the fact. Several sued the state and
those cases are pending.

"It's beyond frustrating, not just that the man who scammed them got their
money, but the department of revenue still gets to collect," assistant district
attorney Joe Morales said. "They have to go to (DeAtley) to be refunded. That's
the law. But we found no money. All of it had been transferred around so much
that it's all gone."

David Migoya: 303 954 1506, dmigoya@denverpost.com or @davidmigoya

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday

Pair in IRS inquiry sell Manasota Key home

BYLINE: JOSH SALMAN

SECTION: D; ARCHIVES; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 430 words

DATELINE: MANASOTA KEY


ENGLEWOOD: Couple have been accused of evading taxes on med school sales

MANASOTA KEY

An Englewood couple indicted on federal charges related to an off-shore tax
evasion conspiracy will likely have a couple of extra millions to help pay their
fines.

David Fredrick and Patricia L. Hough sold their 5,814-square-foot home in
Manasota Key earlier this month for $2.2 million, court records show.

The married couple were indicted on federal charges after the IRS accused them
of hiding millions of dollars in proceeds from the sale of two Caribbean medical
schools in a Swiss bank account to skirt taxes.

The $35 million that the two doctors reaped when the schools were sold in 2007
made their case the largest since U.S. authorities led a crackdown on offshore
tax evasion in 2008, officials said.

Hough and Fredrick used the proceeds to buy an airplane, and homes in Sarasota
and North Carolina, after creating a foundation and other entities to hold money
in accounts at UBS and other foreign banks, while filing phony tax returns to
"conceal assets and income from the IRS," according to their indictments.

Hough was convicted by a jury in October and now faces a potential sentence of
five years in prison and a $250,000 fine for the conspiracy count, along with
another three years and a $250,000 fine for filing the false returns. Her
sentencing has been scheduled for early next year.

Fredrick reportedly fled after the indictment, leaving his wife to face trial
alone.

The IRS said their Englewood home sale this month was not tied to the criminal
investigation, and the transaction was not ordered by the federal government.

"This is not a part of the judicial forfeiture," IRS spokesman Miguel Rivera
said Friday. "It's not connected to any of the court proceedings against them."

Hough owned two Caribbean-based medical schools -- The Saba University School of
Medicine in Saba, Netherlands Antilles, and The Medical University of the
Americas in Nevis, West Indies.

The couple sold both schools and associated real estate in April 2007, "all of
which was deposited into undeclared accounts in the name of the nominee
entities," the Justice Department said.

"The majority of the sale proceeds were not reported to the IRS on their tax
returns and no tax was paid," the agency stated.

Fredrick also transferred more than $1 million to his relatives, the agency
noted.

As for their Englewood home, Frederick paid $500,000 for the property, at 7590
Manasota Key Road, in January 1997 and built the house there in 2001.

The buyer, Oxford Princess LLC, is a company from New Albany, Indiana.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Fredrick and Patricia L. Hough sold their 5,814-square-foot home
in Manasota Key on Dec. 4 for $2.2 million, court records show. ZILLOW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 9, 2012 Wednesday

Horicon business owner faces tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Don Lehman, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


May 09--HORICON -- The owner of a Brant Lake business was arrested Tuesday on
charges that allege he filed false federal tax returns and evaded nearly
$100,000 in taxes over the past 5 years, officials said.

Stuart A. Mead, owner of Mead's Cottages, was arrested at his Horicon home by
agents from the Internal Revenue Service and state troopers, according to
federal court records.

The charges came after an IRS investigation that began in 2009 when Mead's
then-girlfriend stole $117,000 in cash from him, authorities said. She was
arrested after she was found to have mailed large amounts of cash to relatives.

The woman, Holly G. Blandeaux of Horicon, was prosecuted and pleaded guilty to a
felony grand larceny charge. She was an employee of his business.

A federal grand jury indicted Mead earlier this spring on five felony charges of
tax evasion related to rental property income.

He pleaded not guilty during an arraignment Tuesday in U.S. District Court in
Albany and was released pending a May 14 arraignment with a lawyer, according to
court records.

The charges allege that he filed false tax returns each year between 2006 and
2010, underreporting his business's income by $78,000 to nearly $91,000 a year
in each of the years.

For instance, in 2010 he reported his 2009 income as $50,800 when the federal
investigation found it was actually $141,142. He paid $543 in taxes that year
when he owed $21,239, the indictment alleges.

The IRS had searched Mead's home in August 2010.

Mead could not be reached for comment Wednesday morning.

Each of the charges is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison.

___ (c)2012 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120509-GN-Horicon-business-owner-faces-tax-evasion-charges-20120509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2012 The Post-Star


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

Former Aptos, La Selva Beach man arrested on tax fraud charges

BYLINE: Stephen Baxter, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 292 words


Aug. 09--SANTA CRUZ -- A 61-year-old man who lived in Aptos and La Selva Beach
and allegedly did not pay state taxes during in the late 1980s and '90s was
arrested Saturday after returning from Thailand, where investigators said he had
fled after being charged with tax evasion.

Russell S. Broadwell was a sales manager at two software companies from 1989 to
1991 and earned more than $270,000 annually, said Franchise Tax Board spokesman
John Barrett. Broadwell did not file state income taxes from 1989 to 1991 and
owes the state more than $62,000, tax agents said.

Santa Cruz County prosecutors filed a criminal tax evasion complaint against
Broadwell in October 1995, and a warrant was issued for his arrest in November
1995, according to court records.

Broadwell fled the country after he was notified of the investigation, tax
officials said.

Thai authorities recently discovered that Broadwell had overstayed his visa. He
was flown Saturday from Bangkok to San Francisco International Airport, where he
was arrested at the airport, Barrett said.

Broadwell now lists his home address in Bellevue, Wash. Because the crimes are
alleged to have occurred in Santa Cruz County, he was taken to County Jail,
Barrett said.

Broadwell's bail was listed at $15,000 from the 1990s case. He posted bail after
he was booked, according to jail records.

Broadwell is due in court Aug. 16 for an arraignment, Barrett said.

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110809-QC-Former-Aptos-La-Selva-Beach-man-arrested-on-tax-fraud-charges-0809-2
0110809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2011 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

HOT SPOTS: ACCIDENTS, FIRE & CRIME

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 1052 words


NEW LONDON

Retired Lawyer Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

A retired city lawyer pleaded guilty to tax evasion in federal court Monday and
is likely to be sentenced to prison.

In a plea bargain, Gilbert Shasha, 69, who retired from the practice of law in
March, admitted that he claimed no taxable income for the calendar year 1999
when, according to prosecutors, he had gross receipts in excess of $200,000.

Shasha also was accused of depositing a portion of his law office income in
personal accounts and providing fraudulent income and expense records to
auditors from the Internal Revenue Service.

When Shasha is sentenced by U.S. District Judge Mark Kravitz in February,
prosecutors said they will recommend he serve between 10 and 15 months in prison
and pay a $30,000 fine.

Shasha also must reach an agreement with IRS to pay back taxes, plus penalties
and interest, for the years 1999, 2000 and 2001, according to the U.S.
attorney's office.

MANCHESTER

Hartford Man Faces Many Drug Charges

Police have charged a Hartford man with a host of drug charges after he
allegedly sold heroin in the parking lot of 91 Elm St. Monday afternoon.

As police moved in, Dyshawn Figueroa, 28, allegedly tried to swallow a small
quantity of crack cocaine, police said. A 17-year-old male was also taken into
custody with Figueroa, police said.

Police are also seeking arrest warrants for Figueroa, who police said sold
heroin five times to East Central Narcotics Task Force officers. Figueroa, of
182 Westland St., was in custody, with bail at $260,000, on charges of sale of
heroin, conspiracy to sell heroin, possession of heroin, conspiracy to possess
heroin, possession of crack cocaine, and conspiracy to possess crack cocaine.

PLAINVILLE

More Than 20 Arrested At Sobriety Checkpoint

Police at a sobriety checkpoint over the weekend charged more than 20 drivers
with a variety of crimes and traffic infractions.

Police checked drivers on Crooked Street from 7:30 p.m. Saturday to 2 a.m.
Sunday, and charged three with driving while intoxicated.

Officers charged one driver with possessing marijuana with intent to sell, three
with possessing marijuana, 10 with driving unregistered cars, two with driving
with suspended licenses, three with failing to wear seat belts and one with
unauthorized use of colored lights, Sgt. Charles Smedick reported. Police used a
state grant to pay overtime for the work.

The department will field nightly DUI patrols during the holiday weekend,
Smedick said.

WEST HARTFORD

Liquor Sales Violations At Four Stores

Four local stores licensed by the state to sell alcoholic beverages have been
cited for selling alcohol to minors during compliance checks Saturday, the state
Consumer Protection Commissioner Jerry Farrell Jr. said today in a prepared
statement.

Agents from the Liquor Control Division, officers from the West Hartford Police
Department, and a volunteer minor trained by the Governor's Prevention
Partnership checked 27 package stores and grocery stores, Farrell said.
Employees at four of the stores sold alcohol to the minor, who was 17 years of
age.

The alcohol compliance check operation is designed to identify licensed or
permitted locations that are selling alcoholic beverages to minors.

"Our compliance checks are an effective tool to combat underage drinking, as
demonstrated by these results," Farrell said.

The four stores cited were: Delicacy Market, 774 Farmington Ave.; Harvey's Wine
and Spirit Shoppe, 2542 Albany Avenue; Kingswood Package Store, 844-A Farmington
Avenue; Cheers Wines and Spirits, 772 Farmington Avenue

Each of the charged establishments will have the opportunity to address the
charges in an administrative hearing before the Liquor Control Commission at a
future date.

HARTFORD

Prayer Vigil Today On Sisson Avenue

A candlelight prayer vigil will be held today for a 21-year-old man who was
killed in Hartford this month.

Angel Caraballo was shot multiple times in the head Nov. 4.

The vigil will take place at 5:30 p.m. at 30 Sisson Ave., the site of the
shooting. In addition to prayers, clergy and members of the community are
expected to speak about violence in the city during the hour-long event.

For questions call the Rev. Henry Brown, director of Mothers United Against
Violence at 860-538-5490.

LEDYARD

Stabbing, Shooting At Party Investigated

A 17-year-old was stabbed and a 21-year-old man was shot at a party at 5 Wolf
Ridge Gap over the weekend, state police said.

The shooting victim was in stable condition Monday at William W. Backus Hospital
in Norwich, and the stabbing victim was in stable condition at Lawrence and
Memorial Hospital in New London, state police said.

James H. Robertson Jr., 29, of New London, was charged with possession of a
weapon in a vehicle and carrying a pistol without a permit after he was found in
possession of a loaded handgun, state police said.

Shawn D. Rucker, 20, of the Gales Ferry section of Ledyard, and Gilene Sablon,
20, of New London, were charged with two counts of possession of a weapon in a
vehicle after three knives and a BB gun were found in their car, state police
said.

Police were called at 12:43 a.m. Saturday after a 17-year-old from New London
arrived at Lawrence & Memorial Hospital in New London with a stab wound to the
torso.

Moments later, multiple 911 calls were placed about a shooting at 5 Wolf Ridge
Gap, police said. An investigation revealed that the stabbing and the shooting
occurred at the party at that address.

Police pulled over several people in cars who were attempting to leave the area.

Anyone with information is asked to call Ledyard Police at 860-464-6400 or Troop
E 860-848-6500.

NEW BRITAIN

Messy Property Brings Jail Time

A local man was sentenced to two months in jail Thursday for failing to clean up
his property, despite repeated warnings from city inspectors.

Igor Bouziachvili, 54, was convicted in Superior Court in New Britain of
violating an order from the New Britain health director to clean up his property
at 19 Emmons Place.

Bouziachvili was sentenced to 60 days in jail and one year of probation. He was
also ordered to pay $1,000 to the city of New Britain to cover its cost for
cleaning up the property.

New Britain Health Inspector Brian Falkner began an investigation in March into
complaints from neighbors about rubbish and other debris on the Emmons Place
property.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 19, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Treasury Chief: Tax Evasion Is on the Rise

BYLINE:  By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section C; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 18


Tax evasion by Americans using offshore accounts is rising and will increase,
Treasury Secretary Paul H. O'Neill testified today as he tried to persuade a
skeptical Democratic senator that he was committed to vigorously pursuing tax
cheats.

Mr. O'Neill said that decades of efforts to catch money launderers and other tax
criminals using offshore accounts had not worked. But he dismissed as
meaningless a document, based on government data, presented by the senator, Carl
Levin, a Michigan Democrat, indicating that fewer than 6,000 of more than 1.1
million offshore accounts and businesses were properly disclosed and therefore
legal. Pressed by Senator Levin about whether the disparity between reported
offshore accounts and their actual numbers was significant, Mr. O'Neill replied:
"I find it amusing."

His testimony, to the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, came
before Robert M. Morgenthau, the district attorney in Manhattan, described a
scale of bank deposits in tax havens far greater than most experts suspected.
Citing previously secret Federal Reserve Bank data, Mr. Morgenthau said that
more than $800 billion of American money is on deposit in just one tax haven,
the Cayman Islands.

That sum, equal to one-fifth of all the bank deposits in the United States, he
said, is so large that it cannot be solely, or even primarily, the fruits of
criminal activity like drug dealing. Rather, Mr. Morgenthau said, these funds
must be the product of huge and growing tax evasion by wealthy Americans who
have little, if any, fear of prosecution.

He said his office's efforts to pursue tax cheats had often been stymied not
just by foreign governments, but by the federal government, especially the
Justice and State Departments and the intelligence agencies.

The hearing was prompted by Mr. O'Neill's balking in April at a plan by the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development to pressure the Cayman
Islands and other tax havens into cooperating with criminal investigations of
tax evasion and money laundering. That plan was thrown into disarray after Mr.
O'Neill declared that the project was too broad and "not in line with this
administration's priorities."

Mr. O'Neill repeatedly insisted that his remarks had been misconstrued by
reporters to suggest laxity.  "We ought to pursue every tax cheat to the ends of
the earth," Mr. O'Neill testified. He cautioned, however, that "we should not
presume to interfere with the internal tax policies of sovereign nations."

Mr. O'Neill promised to return, within a year, with treaties in hand from half,
as he put it, of the five biggest offshore tax havens, that will help
prosecutors in the United States make cases.

He said the Treasury's inability to estimate reliably how much the government
spends investigating money laundering has made him skeptical about existing
efforts. He vowed to find more efficient and effective ways to combat money
laundering and tax fraud.

Mr. O'Neill and Senator Levin agreed on little except that tax fraud and money
laundering were significant issues and a growing problem. Senator Levin said
that "for years now, offshore tax havens have damaged U.S. interests by
facilitating crime, money laundering and tax evasion."

He said the United States loses $70 billion in taxes annually from such evasion
-- "a figure so huge that if even half that amount were collected it would pay
for a Medicare prescription drug program without raising anyone's taxes or
cutting anyone's budget."

Doubting that Senator Levin's attacks would result in improved enforcement, Mr.
O'Neill told him, "You are acting like you are going to do something without
really accomplishing anything."

Seven former Internal Revenue Service Commissioners sent Mr. O'Neill a letter in
June questioning his stance on the O.E.C.D. effort to make foreign tax havens
cooperate with investigations of tax crimes.  Mr. O'Neill said today that he was
"frankly thunderstruck when I got the letter; they responded to
misinterpretations in the press."

The letter came in response to an article, in the May 10 Washington Times, which
appeared under Mr. O'Neill's own byline.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    December 15, 1994 Thursday Final Edition

Strawberry pleads not guilty to evading tax from card shows

SOURCE: FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.


Darryl Strawberry shook his head slightly from side to side and said "not
guilty" yesterday when arraigned in federal court on felony tax evasion charges.

With three lawyers at his side and his pregnant wife in the spectator section,
the star outfielder said little during a 20-minute hearing. He was released on
his own recognizance, but cannot leave the continental United States and must
abide by pretrial supervision rules.

He was fingerprinted, photographed and gave a urine sample during processing by
U.S. marshals.

"I'm not nervous because I know I'm not guilty," Strawberry said in a hallway
outside the courtroom.

His agent, Eric Goldschmidt, also pleaded not guilty to felony tax evasion,
which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Strawberry, a right fielder for the San Francisco Giants, is accused of evading
$146,000 in income tax by allegedly not reporting more than $500,000 in cash
payments from autograph shows and personal appearances.

Strawberry is the first baseball player to be charged with tax evasion since
Pete Rose was found guilty of avoiding taxes on $340,000 income. Rose served
five months in prison and was fined $50,000.

Federal prosecutors are reported to be investigating several other major
leaguers for not reporting cash income from autograph shows, a lucrative
business that has sprung up in the last 10 years at which fans pay to receive a
player's signature.

An indictment unsealed last Thursday charged Strawberry and Goldschmidt
concealed the existence of a bank account from accountants so a susbstantial
proportion of their income from card shows would not appear on their 1989 and
1990 tax returns.

Strawberry and Goldschmidt were indicted by a grand jury that heard testimony
from several current and former major leaguers. Strawberry previously played for
the New York Mets and Los Angeles Dodgers. Howard Johnson, his teammate on the
1986 champion Mets, is reported to be co-operating with prosecutors.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Darryl Strawberry: fingerprinted

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1994 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 30, 1990, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PEOPLE COLUMN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 720 words


Two girls whose small sailboat capsized in the Mediterranean were rescued by
King JUAN CARLOS, who dived fully clothed off his own boat and swam to them, a
newspaper reported Sunday.  Diario de Mallorca said the Spanish king was
returning to port Saturday after training for a yacht race in Palma de Majorca
when he saw the girls' boat overturn in heavy wind. He surprised those
accompanying him and his security guards by plunging into the water to save
them, the paper said.  After rescuing the two girls, identified only as two
Spanish sisters, the king took them to port and towed their boat.  Naval
authorities on the island sent the king a message of thanks.  DIANA, princess of
Wales, was among 60,000 fans who attended one of TINA TURNER'S last live shows,
held in the open-air theater at Woburn Abbey outside London.  The singer is on
what she says is her final concert tour before concentrating on films.  Turner,
51, entertained an audience Saturday night that included singers ELTON JOHN,
MARK KNOPFLER and KATE BUSH.  Prince CHARLES, who is recovering from a broken
arm, did not accompany his wife to the concert Saturday. The couple celebrated
their ninth wedding anniversary Sunday out of the limelight, because of his
injured arm.  DOLLY PARTON is being awarded an honorary doctorate by a Baptist
college for ''her personal commitment to the educational and economic vitality
of the East Tennessee region.'' Carson-Newman College, a small Baptist college
in Jefferson County adjacent to Parton's home county of Sevier, said it would
present the singer with an honorary Doctor of Letters degree at a ceremony in
late October. College president Cordell Maddox cited Parton's decision to open
the ''Dollywood'' theme park in nearby Pigeon Forge, saying it ''has had a broad
and sustained impact upon employment opportunities and the standard of living''
in the area.  A former Playboy model was sentenced Thursday to 10 months in
prison in Milwaukee for evading taxes on $686,000 that an aging man paid her
during a five-year relationship with her and her sister.  LYNNETTE HARRIS, 35,
was convicted of tax evasion in May. She had claimed the money was a tax-free
gift.  Harris and her twin sister, LEIGH ANN CONLEY, received $1.1 million
through June 1987 from David Kritzik, who died last summer at age 89.  Harris
said afterward that she intended to appeal.  Conley was convicted last month of
four misdemeanor counts of failing to file tax returns on her share of the
money. She was to be sentenced Aug.  29.  ON THIS DAY On July 30, 1965,
President Lyndon B. Johnson signed the Medicare bill, which went into effect the
following year.  TODAY'S BIRTHDAYS Singer Paul Anka 49 Actor Arnold
Schwarzenegger 43 Singer Kate Bush 32

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO...AP...A Day At The Club...Actress Stephanie Powers and
Maj. Ronald I. Ferguson chatting Saturday at the Southampton Polo and Hunt Club
in Bridgehampton, N.Y. The club took on England's County Berkshire Polo Club,
which Ferguson manages. He is the father of Sarah, duchess of York.

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 3, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

City Official and 100 Others Are Charged in Tax Scheme

BYLINE: By DAVID FIRESTONE

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1310 words


The director of New York City's payroll processing department, who runs a huge
computer operation coordinating all of the city's financial records, was charged
yesterday along with nearly 100 current and former city employees in what
prosecutors called a wide-ranging scheme to avoid paying city and state taxes.

According to prosecutors, the payroll official, Joseph A. Messina, who makes
$133,000 year, claimed more than 40 allowances on his W-4 forms and failed to
file city and state tax returns from 1993 to 1995.

In addition, prosecutors said, 74 officers and captains in the city jail system
failed to pay taxes. Many of the corrections employees -- who carry guns and
took an oath to uphold the law -- were part of a nationwide tax protester
movement, whose adherents say they are somehow exempt from the laws of the
United States, officials said.

The others charged yesterday with tax evasion worked for a variety of city
agencies; three other people who are not city employees were accused of
recruiting city employees into the scheme by selling kits to evade taxes. The
kits, which are also sold for up to $2,000 through the Internet and scattered
protest movements, include videotapes, books and forms that provide advice on
tax evasion.

The charges were announced at an unusual City Hall news conference yesterday by
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District
Attorney, along with officials of the State Taxation Department and the State
Attorney General's office. Although only 40 of the city employees were actually
arrested yesterday, with the others scheduled to turn themselves in today,
officials said they decided to go ahead with the announcement after news of the
arrests began to leak out.

Although no Federal charges were filed, city officials said the Internal Revenue
Service and Federal prosecutors were looking into the case.

Officials said that while some of the employees were recruited into the scheme
as part of an organized effort, others simply heard about the technique through
friends and colleagues and decided to do the same. Just over a year ago, 11 New
York City police officers were charged in a similar case involving failure to
pay Federal taxes. In that case, the officers declared more than 90 dependents
on their W-4 forms and asserted that the Government had no right to tax them.

The latest investigation, which was conducted by a task force of seven city and
state agencies, began in February 1996, when an inspector with the city's
Department of Investigation noticed that several employees of the Sanitation
Department had submitted petitions to the payroll department claiming that they
were exempt from taxes.

The Investigation Department asked Mr. Messina, executive director of the city's
Financial Information Services Agency, to look at the records of all city
employees to see who had claimed an unusually large number of allowances, and
the Mayor said Mr. Messina was unaccountably slow in providing the information.

"He was the person who was asked to supply the information when the inquiry was
first broadened to include the entire city," Mr. Giuliani said. "And D.O.I.
experienced some delay in getting that information. You can imagine why there
was a delay."

When investigators finally got the information they were seeking, they found
that Mr. Messina had claimed 40 to 45 withholding allowances on his W-4 form,
far more than he was entitled to. The high number of allowances had the effect
of producing paychecks with no taxes withheld.

The city has since limited the number of allowances for employees to 14; those
who claim more will be subject to an inquiry.

City payroll records also showed that more than 100 employees had claimed up to
99 allowances on their forms, the maximum, or had claimed to be exempt from
withholding altogether, said Edward J. Kuriansky, the city's Commissioner of
Investigation. State and Federal tax laws permit only those with no tax
liability, such as students or some part-time employees, to be exempt from
withholding.

When city officials turned the list of names over to state tax officials, they
discovered that in each case, the employees had also failed to file a state and
city tax return, Mr. Kuriansky said. The total amount of state and city taxes
that had not been paid was more than $500,000, he said; an additional $2.1
million was owed in Federal taxes.

Prosecutors said that about half the city employees charged yesterday were
involved in various nationwide movements of so-called freemen, who claim they
cannot be required to pay taxes. The groups, which use such names as the Moorish
Nation, the Lions of Freedom and the Financial Empowerment Group, say that their
members are aliens who do not recognize the authority of the United States or
who believe that the tax laws are unconstitutional.

An Internet site connected to the Lions of Freedom sells an $89.95 home-study
course called the "Organic Sovereign American Freeman Compendium," which teaches
how to avoid all taxes and drop out of the Social Security system. The course
"brings you the amazing, true story, heavily documented, of how the American
people (and you) have been tricked into paying the Federal Income 'Tax' for the
past 50 years, when it didn't even apply to them, at all!" the Internet site
says.

Mr. Kuriansky said he found it appalling that corrections officers would
subscribe to such a philosophy.

"This is extremely offensive and serious conduct," he said. "For a sworn law
enforcement officer, who carries a gun, who takes an oath to the United States
and the state constitution, and for all other purposes claims the benefits of
citizenship, who has the gall not to pay his fair share -- I mean it's really
outrageous."

Efforts to reach an official of the union that represents corrections officers
were unsuccessful last night.

Mr. Morgenthau, however, added that many of employees claiming to be aligned
with the freemen movement probably do not really believe in its tenets but are
using them as an excuse to avoid taxes. Mr. Kuriansky agreed, saying there was
far more greed involved in the scheme than ideology.

He added that it was "ironic and sad" that the person in charge of the city's
payroll management system would be charged in such a scheme.  Mr. Messina was
appointed to his job in 1986 by the three-member board of the information
services agency, whose members are jointly appointed by the Mayor and the
Comptroller. Mr. Messina's position puts him on a par with city commissioners.

A person who answered a call last night at Mr. Messina's home in East Brunswick,
N.J., said, "I don't known anything about it."

Kevin Ryan, a spokesman for the city Department Investigation, said Mr. Messina
surrendered at Department of Investigation headquarters on 80 Maiden Lane
yesterday afternoon.

Along with Mr. Messina, those charged yesterday included 69 corrections
officers, 4 corrections captains, 10 sanitation workers, 3 sanitation police
officers, 3 traffic agents of the Police Department, 5 employees of the Housing
Authority and an employee of the Department of Environmental Protection. Seven
were former city employees.

They were charged with a variety of offenses, including scheming to defraud,
grand larceny, offering a false instrument for filing and failure to file a
return. The most serious charges carry a maximum four-year prison term, and
those charged will also be required to pay their tax liability with interest and
penalties.

The Mayor said all the city employees were suspended without pay and would
almost certainly lose their jobs after disciplinary proceedings.

Forty more city employees were also suspended yesterday for the same reason but
were not charged. Officials said they expected more charges and arrests in the
coming days.


LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 2, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PISANI IS GUILTY ON 18 COUNTS, ACQUITTED OF 11

BYLINE: By MARCIA CHAMBERS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 518 words


A Federal jury last night convicted State Senator Joseph R. Pisani of income-tax
evasion and of embezzling money from his campaign funds and his law firm.

The jury convicted Mr. Pisani, a Republican of New Rochelle, N.Y., of 18 counts
and acquitted him of 11 counts on the 39-count indictment.

But the jury, which had deliberated 34 hours over the last four days in Federal
District Court in Manhattan, told Judge David N. Edelstein they were deadlocked
on a major part of the Government's case, whether Mr. Pisani was guilty of
charges that he had used $20,000 in state funds to buy a summer house he shared
with his friend and co- defendant, Kathryn Godfrey.

Jury Dismissed at 11:35


The judge discharged the jury at 11:35 P.M., and a mistrial was declared on the
remaining 10 counts.

One of the prosecutors, Michael S. Feldberg, said afterward that Mr. Pisani
could be retried or that the counts against him could be dismissed. Prosectors
would decide in the next week or so how to proceed, he said.

Mr. Pisani faces three years in prison for filing false tax returns and up to
five years in prison for each of the other guilty verdicts. These counts include
fraud and Federal tax evasion.

Judge Edelstein set July 17 for sentencing and released Mr. Pisani in his own
custody.

Mrs. Godfrey, who worked as a stenographer for Mr. Pisani, was acquitted of one
of three counts of perjury for lying to the grand jury during its investigation
of the fraud and tax charges. The jury was deadlocked on the other two counts
against her.

Under state law, Mr. Pisani, a State Senator for 12 years, faces automatic
expulsion from the Senate upon conviction of a felony. Mr. Pisani, a 54-year-
old lawyer, recently announced that he would not run for re-election this year
because of the time and expense required for the five-week trial.

''I think there has been some vindication by the verdict,'' Mr. Pisani said as
he left the courthouse. ''I will continue to fight for my total vindication.''

His lawyer, Robert Kasanof, said he would appeal the convictions.

In one instance, the jury found Mr. Pisani guilty of stealing $14,000 from the
escrow account of a client, Erma Jean Gina.

Possibility of Disbarment


He also faces the possibility of disbarment if the Federal felony convictions
are found equivalent to state charges.

The silver-haired Mr. Pisani was calm as Edgar Bartolucci, the foreman of the
jury of eight men and four women, read the verdicts in the nearly deserted
courtroom at 9:25 P.M.

Judge Edelstein then told the jury to resume deliberations, reminding them that
the trial had been long and expensive. Thirty-seven witnesses had been called
and 1,000 documents submitted.

But after two more hours of discussion, Mr. Bartolucci reported that the jury
was ''deeply disappointed'' that they were unable to reach a decision on the
remaining counts.  The Government's assertion that Mr. Pisani had used state
money for the upstate summer house rested largely on the testimony of Joseph L.
Mallon, who is awaiting sentence on a related charge.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 18, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DAILY NEWS SPORTS HALL OF FAME CANDIDATES. AND INTRODUCING THE CANDIDATES...
DARRYL STRAWBERRY

BYLINE: BY CHRISTIAN RED

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 59

LENGTH: 281 words


The Hall of Fame seemed like a cinch when he first began his major league
career. With a sweet left-handed swing and plenty of raw power, Darryl
Strawberry hit at least 26 homers his first four seasons with the Mets,
including 27 in 1986 when his team stunned the Boston Red Sox in the World
Series.

And "Straw" was just getting started. There were back-to-back 39-homer seasons
in '87 and '88. The Mets' right fielder finished second to Dodger Kirk Gibson in
the '88 NL MVP voting. In 1990 - his final year in Flushing and the last season
the Mets were competitive before a near decade-long slide - Strawberry hit .277
with 37 homers and 108 RBI.

But like his Mets and Yankees teammate Dwight Gooden, Strawberry's baseball
success was matched with near intensity by his off-the-field woes: drug abuse,
income tax evasion, colon cancer and domestic disputes are some of the problems
that plagued Strawberry in the '90s. After violating MLB's drug policy in
February 1995, Strawberry was suspended and released by the Giants. He later was
sentenced to jail for tax evasion. But George Steinbrenner came to the rescue,
signing the troubled player to a contract with the Yankees. A year later,
Strawberry showed his menace at the plate, belting three homers in the '96 ALCS
against the Orioles after hitting 11 home runs in 63 regular season games.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS.

Strawberry captures the 1983 NL Rookie of the Year award after batting .257 with
26 homers and 74 RBI for the Mets. He is the first non-Dodger to win the award
since 1978.

Strawberry crushes two home runs in Game 4 of the '96 ALCS vs. Baltimore at
Camden Yards, helping the Yankees to a 8-4 win and a commanding 3-1 series lead.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GENE KAPPOCK DAILY NEWS [ Darryl Strawberry ]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Head of Operations at New York Brokerage Firm Pleads Guilty to
Tax Evasion and Filing False Tax Return

LENGTH: 298  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

A former resident of North Bellmore, New York, pleaded guilty today in the U.S.
District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Long Island to one count
of tax evasion and one count of filing a false federal income tax return,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division.

According to the indictment, Dominick Pannitti, 38, was head of operations at a
securities brokerage firm located in Syosset, New York. The brokerage firm used
an automated system designed to adjust customers' trading accounts for amounts
less than $1,000. During 2005 and 2006, Pannitti used the automated system to
credit his own trading accounts-set up in the name of a corporation that he
owned-more than 850 times in increments of less than $1,000. Pannitti was not
entitled to most of these credits, which totaled more than $570,000. Pannitti
failed to report the income on his 2005 and 2006 federal income tax returns.

Pannitti faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison and up to a
$250,000 fine for the tax evasion count and a statutory maximum sentence of
three years in prison and up to a $250,000 fine for the false return count at
his sentencing before U.S. District Judge Arthur D. Spatt.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended the special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, who investigated the case, and Trial
Attorneys Mark Kotila and Jeffrey Bender of the Tax Division, who are
prosecuting the case. Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Eastern District of New York for their substantial assistance.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Bank Pays $400m Fine For Aiding US Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 399  words


A leading Israeli bank has agreed to pay the US government $400 million
compensation for helping US customers evade tax.
Bank Leumi confessed to advising 1,500 wealthy Americans how to evade taxes over
several years.


The bank ran secret meetings in hotels, restaurants and other places away from
offices in New York,  Los Angeles and Miami to cover up their business and to
avoid leaving a paper trail and witnesses to the subterfuge.
The fines and compensation include a $157 million settlement concerning tax
issues with US customer accounts in the bank's Swiss branch.
The bank's executives have also agreed to meet strict governance agreements laid
down by the US Justice Department.
FATCA pledge
Leumi will designate a liaison officer responsible for working with the US
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and an officer at each branch who is responsible
for supervising reporting under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).
FATCA demands the bank registers as a compliant organisation and makes annual
reports on the financial affairs of US resident taxpayers controlling bank
accounts and investments with a balance of $50,000 or with a limit of $200,000
if they are a US expat.
Under US tax law, expats must report their worldwide income each year to the
IRS.
The bank has also had to agree not to open accounts controlled by US customers
unless the customers pledge to report their financial affairs to the IRS and not
to close accounts controlled by US customers who have not reported their assets.

Instead, the bank must disclose these assets under the FATCA regime.
Tax investigations
The US is also investigating alleged tax evasion by Israel's Bank Hapoalim and
the Mizrahi Tefahot Bank.
"This investigation has been underway for three years and has at last come to a
satisfactory conclusion," said a US Treasury Department spokesman.
"Along with action against dozens of Swiss banks, we hope the result shows out
resolve in dealing with tax evasion wherever it goes on in the world."
FATCA was introduced in 2010, but only requires foreign financial institutions
to report the details of American controlled accounts from July 2014.
Among the accusations against the bank and several subsidiaries was a claim that
employees helped US customers shield the true nature of the financial income
from the US tax authorities by setting up bogus companies in Belize. 2014 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 9, 2012 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

10 years later, justice in fraud scheme

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 828 words



HIGHLIGHT: Jim and Teresa Hoffman were sent to prison after pleading guilty to
federal charges.


Kevin and Kris Brown's trip to federal court began on their wedding day, Dec.
28, 2002. That's the day that they and their six children were evicted from
their home in Hastings by Jim Hoffman in an equity-stripping scheme.

On Thursday, they sat quietly in a Minneapolis federal courtroom to see Hoffman
and his wife, Teresa Gay Hoffman, sent to federal prison.

"We've been waiting for this day for a long time," Kevin Brown said afterward.

"It's amazing it's taken 10 years," Kris Brown added. "And he's kept hurting
people."

Jim Hoffman, 53, pleaded guilty in February to money laundering and tax evasion,
and Teresa Hoffman, also 53, pleaded guilty to tax evasion.

U.S. District Judge David Doty sentenced Jim Hoffman to 6 1/2 years in prison --
the top of the advisory guidelines' range -- followed by three years of
supervised release. He sentenced Teresa Hoffman to a year -- six months below
the minimum in the sentencing guidelines -- followed by two years of supervised
release.

The charges in the plea agreement fail to illustrate Jim Hoffman's trail of
crimes, Assistant U.S. Attorney David MacLaughlin argued.

"He is a true fraudster," MacLaughlin said, arguing for the stiff sentence.
Unlike some people who resort to fraud because of economic hardship, he argued,
"fraud is all that he has done since the 1990s."

Victims paid dearly

MacLaughlin noted in court filings that Hoffman had owned a dairy operation in
southern Minnesota in the 1990s and financed its operations by defrauding an
Iowa bank and by stealing employment taxes he'd withheld from its workers. Next,
he systematically stole the equity from large numbers of vulnerable people
facing foreclosure. He went on to operate a complex fraud scheme involving the
now defunct Lake Elmo real estate company Avidigm Capital Group Inc., inflicting
huge losses on investors and lenders.

Then he committed mortgage fraud schemes that led to his indictment, MacLaughlin
wrote. Finally, while awaiting trial on those charges, he launched a new fraud
scheme involving a nursing home in Muscatine, Iowa.

"Along the way, Mr. Hoffman lived in luxury homes that he did not pay for, drove
expensive cars titled in other people's names and inflicted great economic harm
on others to possess these luxuries, including a cocktail waitress and single
mother who bought for $1.2 million a home in Hastings so that Mr. Hoffman and
his family could live well, even as her credit rating was destroyed by her
predictable inability to make the mortgage payments on the home," he continued.

MacLaughlin said Jim Hoffman involved his wife in the mortgage fraud scheme and
his eldest son in the nursing home scam. And the government recovered documents
showing that he has used the identities of his minor children to set up various
entities that appear similar to those he has used in past fraud schemes.

Peter Wold, Jim Hoffman's attorney, said his client asked for only one thing:
mercy for his wife. "But your honor, I ask for some mercy for him."

In court filings, Wold said that Jim Hoffman has been a good husband, father,
son and friend. He's been generous with many. "His candor and truth in his
acceptance of responsibility are hallmarks of redemption," Wold said.

Losses set at $5 million

Doty agreed with MacLaughlin's request for a 78-month sentence and ordered him
to pay restitution of $344,409.

MacLaughlin objected, saying the amount reflected only the losses of victims
who've requested repayment. FBI special agent Eileen Rice conducted an
exhaustive review of his mortgage fraud deals and calculated the losses at $5,16
million.

Doty said it's unrealistic to think he'd ever repay that amount, not to mention
several million dollars in old debts, civil claims and judgments ranging from
banks to dairy suppliers and even the Convent of the Visitation School.

But Doty agreed to review the law on mandatory restitution to craft his final
order on the matter.

MacLaughlin took no position on Teresa Hoffman's sentencing.

Her attorney, Casey Rundquist, argued for probation, saying she's primarily been
a homemaker for the couple's four children. Since her indictment, she's become
the family's primary provider as three of her children attempt to finish
college, he said.

Doty said a year in prison was appropriate for Teresa Hoffman because she not
only failed to pay sufficient taxes, but she spent the money on unnecessary
items such as lawn care, country club fees, a boat, furniture and private-school
tuition. She also must pay $258,561 in back taxes.

The Browns attended the sentencing hearing along with a representative of the
state attorney general's office, which helped them get back into their home
seven months after Hoffman evicted them. They seemed satisfied with Jim
Hoffman's sentence, but said Teresa Hoffman got off too easily.

"I think she could've gotten more," Kris Brown said. "My kids have learned great
lessons from what we've been through. Their kids have learned nothing."

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 24, 2012, Tuesday

Police & courts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 342 words


Officers find drugs

at woman's home

A 29-year-old Cedar Grove woman was arrested at her home on drug charges,
authorities said Monday.

About 10 p.m. Saturday, Cpl. R.L. Keglor and Deputy R.D. Evans went to 610 Hull
St. in Cedar Grove to investigate a narcotics tip, according to a news release
from Lt. B.C. Robbins of the Kanawha County Sheriff's Office.

Deputies found more than 100 Roxycodone tablets, more than 13 grams of
methamphetamines, scales, packaging material and $5,800 in cash, Robbins said.

Deputies arrested Shannon Lawhorn and charged her with possession with intent to
distribute schedule II narcotics. Lawhorn was taken to South Central Regional
Jail. Information regarding her arraignment was not immediately available.

Scrap yard operator

admits to tax crime

MARTINSBURG - An ex-railroad worker from Maryland who ran a West Virginia scrap
yard while collecting disability checks pleaded guilty to tax evasion.

Kenneth Harold Hogan, 50, of Oldtown, Md., pleaded in U.S. District Court in
Martinsburg last week to a misdemeanor count of making false statements and a
felony count of tax evasion.

Hogan retired with a back injury in 1995 and collected federal disability,
claiming he had no income.

Prosecutors say he fraudulently collected benefits from 2006 through 2008. They
say the government overpaid him more than $128,000 after he started Scrap
Brothers Inc. in Paw Paw.

Under the plea bargain, Hogan admits he owes nearly $91,000 in taxes.

He could get up to five years in prison on the felony and six months on the
misdemeanor when sentenced.

Legislator pleads

guilty in DUI case

WHEELING - A Northern Panhandle legislator pleaded guilty to a drunken driving
charge.

Delegate Ryan Ferns entered his plea Monday before Ohio County Magistrate
Patricia Murphy.

Murphy's office says Ferns paid a $500 fine.

Wheeling police arrested the 29-year-old Ohio County Democrat after stopping his
vehicle about 3:15 a.m. Friday.

Ferns was elected in 2010 and is seeking re-election this year.

WTRF-TV first reported Ferns' plea.

Compiled from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 6, 2010 Wednesday

Orinda man charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: By Roman Gokhman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Crime; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 73 words


OAKLAND -- Federal prosecutors have charged an Orinda man with three counts of
tax evasion.

Henry James Christensen allegedly underreported the earnings of his appraisal
business for three years, between 2004 and 2006.

Christensen, 52, owns and operates Christensen Appraisal Service. He made his
first court appearance today.

If convicted, he could be sentenced for up to five years in prison for each tax
evasion charge and a $250,000. fine.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 27, 2008 Monday

Minneapolis / 3 guilty of plotting against judge

BYLINE: By Brady Gervais bgervais@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: NORTH ZONE STORIES; Crime and Court Stories

LENGTH: 292 words


A jury convicted three Twin Cities men Monday in federal court in Minneapolis of
trying to intimidate U.S. District Judge Ann Montgomery.

A jury found Robert Bonine Beale, 65, of North Oaks; Frederick Ogan Bond, 63, of
Champlin; and John Howard Pelton, 67, of Stillwater, guilty of one count each of
conspiracy to impede an officer and one count of obstruction of justice.

A fourth individual, Norman William Pool, pleaded guilty in September to one
count of conspiracy to impede an officer.

The group was accused of trying to prevent Montgomery from presiding over the
conspiracy and tax evasion trial of former millionaire Beale.

In April, Beale was found guilty of one count of felony conspiracy to defraud
the United States, five counts of tax evasion for failing to pay personal income
tax on more than $5 million in income and one count of failing to appear in
federal court. He was sentenced last month to more than 11 years in prison on
those charges. Beale will be sentenced in the intimidation case at a later date,
officials said.

The four were part of a group that operated a "common-law court," in which
Pelton is the leader, according to the U.S. attorney's office.

The group issued "arrest warrants" in an effort to have Montgomery arrested,
issued "false and fraudulent liens" and planned to disrupt court proceedings,
the U.S. attorney's office said.

Kurt Glaser, an attorney for Bond, said he plans to appeal.

"It was very disappointing," Glaser said of the outcome.

Bond and Pelton will be sentenced in February by North Dakota Judge Rodney Webb,
who presided over the case, Glaser said. They are not in custody.

The jury received the case Friday afternoon and returned the verdict Monday
afternoon.

Brady Gervais can be reached at 651-228-2171.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            June 27, 2007, Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

INTERNATIONAL: Fraud trial verdict awaited on Black and 'thieves in ties'

BYLINE: John Ashton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 652 words


The jury in the pounds 30 million fraud trial of former media mogul Conrad Black
was expected to retire to consider its verdict last night. Lord Black and other
Hollinger International executives are accused of stealing EUR60 million (pounds
30million) from the company's shareholders.

The jury at the Dirksen Federal Courthouse in Chicago, Illinois, has heard the
money mainly came from the sale of hundreds of Hollinger-owned US and Canadian
community newspapers between 1998 and 2001, in which the buyers paid large sums
in return for agreements that Hollinger would not compete with the new owners.

The 62-year-old former Daily Telegraph owner and once-powerful chief executive
of the Hollinger newspaper empire denies charges of fraud, tax evasion,
obstruction of justice and racketeering.

His three co-defendants - former vice presidents John Boultbee and Peter
Atkinson, both of Toronto, Canada, and former corporate counsel Mark Kipnis, of
Chicago - also deny charges of fraud and tax evasion.

During the 14-week trial, the 11 women and four men on the jury heard the US
government label Black and his co-defendants as EUR60 million (pounds 30
million) "thieves wearing ties".

Black is also accused of cheating Hollinger International by taking the company
plane on a holiday to Bora Bora in French Polynesia, billing shareholders
EUR40,000 (pounds 20,000) for his wife's surprise birthday party and paying
below the market rate when he bought a company apartment on New York's Park
Avenue.

But defence lawyers said the US government was trying to sow prejudice among the
middle-class Chicago jurors by stressing the wealthy newspaper executive's
"Champagne and caviar" lifestyle.

Assistant US Attorney Julie Ruder, prosecuting, said: "We're not here because
somebody made a mistake, we're not here because somebody forgot to dot the I's
or cross the T's.

"It was stealing, plain and simple."

She said Black and his co-defendants had created a cover story to hide the fact
that they had been siphoning off millions of dollars in profits.

Ms Ruder told jurors: "It will be your job to expose this cover story for the
lie that it is".

The court heard most of the money from the non-compete payments went to
Hollinger International but millions were paid to Black, Boultbee, Atkinson and
David Radler, the company's number two and Black's long-term friend, who has
already pleaded guilty and was the government's star witness.

The US government accused the four men of deceiving Hollinger International's
board of directors, its lawyers and its accountants by claiming that the buyers
insisted that individual executives sign the non-compete payments.

Turning to the defence table and pointing at Black, Ms Ruder said: "It's a
pretty easy way for people who know how the system works to use it as part of a
cover story."

The jurors also heard how Black had removed 13 boxes of documents from his
Toronto offices despite a ban on taking away anything that could be federal
grand jury evidence.

"The rules don't apply to Conrad Black," Ms Ruder said.

"He wanted those documents out and he took them. Classic, classic Conrad Black."

Edward Greenspan, defending Black, urged jurors to ignore "the taint of
prejudice" over his client's wealth and luxury lifestyle and "treat and judge
Conrad Black the way you treat any of your neighbours".

He said the government did not have a "smoking gun" because there was not one.

Mr Greenspan said the case against Black was based on the unsupported word of a
former business partner who was "a serial liar".

Referring to Radler, the US government's star witness, Edward Genson, also
defending Black, said: "He's a liar, he's a liar, he's a liar."

Mr Genson described Black as "a little bit of a stubborn man but an innocent
man".

"Being wealthy doesn't make you a bad man," he said.

Judge Amy St Eve was expected to begin her directions to the jury yesterday
afternoon central standard US time.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Conrad Black

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             May 21, 2005 Saturday

METRO & STATE BRIEFING

BYLINE: Compiled from staff and wire reports

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 1453 words


CENTRAL TEXAS DIGEST

AUSTIN

Hooking his audience

White House press secretary Scott McClellan knew what territory he was in
Friday, flashing 'hook 'em' as he spoke at the College of Liberal Arts
Convocation at the Erwin Center on the University of Texas campus. The
convocation recognized the college's individual graduates.

Injury in trooper training

A Texas Department of Public Safety trooper trainee was hospitalized after
suffering a head injury during a training session Thursday morning, a DPS
spokesman said.

Jimmy Ray Carty, 29, was hit in the head about 5:30 a.m. by another trainee as
part of a drill on arrest and control tactics at the DPS complex on North Lamar
Boulevard, spokesman Tom Vinger said.

There were 123 recruits in the class, Vinger said. They were wearing protective
gear for the head and body.

Carty, who is from the East Texas town of Grand Saline, was taken to
Brackenridge Hospital, where he had emergency surgery. Vinger would not comment
on the nature of Carty's injuries.

"We are very concerned, and our thoughts and our prayers are with him and his
family," Vinger said.

Man pleads guilty to tax evasion

Steven D. Shanklin, an Austin man who the IRS says made $2.3 million from 1998
to 2001 but filed income tax returns claiming that he owed no taxes, pleaded
guilty to tax evasion in federal court Friday.

Shanklin, 48, a Cisco Systems Sales and Services Inc. employee, will have to pay
restitution on the unpaid taxes, including penalties and interest, under a plea
agreement with prosecutors.

In exchange, two counts of tax evasion will be dropped. The maximum penalty for
tax evasion is five years in federal prison.

Shanklin lives in a 3,000-square-foot house in the Circle C development in
Southwest Austin.

He wrote a letter with one of his tax returns that stated that he knew of "no
section of the Internal Revenue Code that . . . establishes an income tax
liability," court documents show.

Shanklin is among the approximately 300 people each year prosecuted in federal
courts after failing to file a tax return or citing frivolous legal arguments as
a reason for not paying taxes, IRS officials said.

Man sentenced in neighbor killing

A state district judge sentenced a 72-year-old Austin man to 25 years in prison
Friday for killing his neighbor in a dispute over the neighbor's maid.

This month, a Travis County jury convicted Pete Terrazas of killing Miguel Ruiz,
62, in the wee hours of New Year's Day 2004.

Terrazas' lawyer said the shooting was over his affection for Ruiz's maid, who
broke up with Terrazas because he drank too much. Prosecutors said that Terrazas
was convinced that Ruiz was having an affair with the woman, who was hired to
take care of Ruiz's invalid wife.

On New Year's Eve, Terrazas waited for Ruiz to come home before shooting him
twice with a .410-gauge shotgun.

The jury took about an hour to find him guilty of murder. The sentence was
levied by District Judge Jon Wisser.

Jets to fly over history museum

Three F-16 fighter jets will fly over the Bob Bullock Texas State History Museum
today to celebrate National Armed Forces Day.

The museum is offering an afternoon of free family activities for the opening of
the IMAX film "Fighter Pilot: Operation Red Flag." From noon until 4 p.m.,
visitors can see a customized Air Force sport-utility vehicle, play interactive
computer games that model flight maneuvers and meet an Air Force honor guard
team.

The pilots flying the F-16s are from Ellington Field in Houston.

Beutel hired by Houston theater

Paul Beutel, former director of the Paramount Theatre, has been hired to run the
Miller Outdoor Theatre in Houston.

An Austin resident for more than three decades, Beutel, a native of Houston, was
an entertainment reporter for the Austin American-Statesman in the late 1970s
before becoming manager of publicity and promotions for the newly built
University of Texas Performing Arts Center in 1980. He joined the Paramount in
1985 and is credited with helping rescue the perennially cash-poor historic
theater from at least three near-death experiences.

He played a crucial role in the birth of Austin Musical Theatre (since deceased)
and revitalized the Paramount's summer classic movie series.

Three years ago he was elected to the Austin Arts Hall of Fame, and last year he
retired from the Austin Theatre Alliance, the company that manages the State and
Paramount theaters. More recently, he has contributed articles to the
American-Statesman, including the May 19 XL cover story on the Broadway show
"The Producers."

DPS: Pocket bikes are illegal

The Texas Department of Public Safety is warning motorists that mini-motorcycles
-- also known as pocket bikes and pocket rockets -- are illegal to drive on
public roads and sidewalks.

Although many people mistakenly think that the mini-motorcycles are considered
motor-assisted scooters, they are illegal because they cannot be registered as
vehicles and do not meet the equipment standards required by federal and Texas
law, DPS officials said.

Citations for driving the bikes could include operating an unregistered vehicle,
driving without a license or insurance and various equipment violations.

DPS officials said there have been a number of injuries involving pocket bikes
and a death in Laredo in January.

TRAVIS COUNTY

Horses test positive for disease

Two horses from a Travis County ranch have tested positive for a viral disease
that causes blisters to form in the animals' mouths and on their hooves, state
animal health officials said Friday.

The horses were brought home May 10 from a trail ride in Arizona, where the
Texas Animal Health Commission said they apparently were exposed to vesicular
stomatitis, which is rarely fatal. The virus can cause animals to develop
blisters and sores in their mouths and on their tongues, muzzles, teats and
hooves.

The country's first cases this year were confirmed April 27 in two horses in
southwestern New Mexico. Since then, infection has been detected in 17 horses on
11 sites in New Mexico, Arizona and Texas.

To prevent spreading, infected animals and other livestock at each site are
quarantined until at least 30 days after the sores heal.

ROUND ROCK

Spa worker accused of fondling

Police on May 13 arrested an employee of a local spa who is accused of touching
a client inappropriately.

Officer Eric Poteet said a Round Rock woman accepted an offer for a free haircut
and massage at Shear Style Day Spa on March 29. On the massage table,
25-year-old Tuong Vu Hoang began fondling her, Poteet said.

The woman thinks that Hoang followed her after the massage, Poteet said. At some
point, Hoang offered to pay the victim and her boyfriend to keep them from going
to police, he said.

Hoang was released from the Williamson County Jail on $1,500 bail and faces
charges of public lewdness, a Class A misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in
jail.

BELL COUNTY

One killed, one injured in wreck

A Killeen man was killed and his passenger was injured Thursday near milepost
554 of FM 439, west of Belton, when he drove into oncoming traffic after his
tire blew out, Department of Public Safety officials said.

Joe Thomas, 54, was driving a 1974 Chevy pickup west about 4:40 p.m. when his
left front tire blew out. His pickup was struck by a 1998 Mack Truck Tractor.

Thomas was pronounced dead at the scene at 6 p.m, DPS officials said. His
passenger was taken to Scott & White Hospital in Temple with injuries that were
not life-threatening.

TEXAS DIGEST

HELOTES

Three teens killed in wreck

Three teenagers were killed when their vehicle slammed into a tree, flipped into
the air, landed next to a house and erupted in flames in this San Antonio
suburb, authorities said.

Residents pulled the 21-year-old man driving the car out of the burning vehicle
Thursday night, and he was flown to Brooke Army Medical Center, where he was
reported in serious condition with burns.

The teens who died ranged in age from 13 to 16.

Investigators suspect that the vehicle was speeding and that alcohol may have
been a factor when the driver apparently lost control.

SAN ANTONIO

Jubilee for new Mormon temple

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints will hold "The Heart of Texas: A
Youth Jubilee" at 7 p.m. today at the Alamodome, 100 Montana St., to celebrate
the dedication of the city's new temple, a holy site for Mormons.

Church officials expect more than 3,000 Central Texas youths to participate in
the Texas-themed production with song and dance. The event is free and open to
the public. Gordon Hinckley, the church's worldwide leader, will dedicate the
temple Sunday. After the dedication, only Mormons may enter the temple. For more
information, go to http://youthjubilee.org.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Panama Papers report spurs more calls for scrutiny;
Senator demands info on companies in Nevada, Wyoming

BYLINE: Alan Gomez, and Jane Onyanga-Omara, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 433 words


Officials in the United States and governments from at least four other
countries called Tuesday for closer examination of anonymous offshore accounts
highlighted by new Panama Papers' disclosures of how the rich and powerful hide
their assets.

In the USA, Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., sent letters to the secretaries of State of
Nevada and Wyoming, demanding a full accounting of the anonymous companies
established in those states through the Panamanian law firm, Mossack Fonseca,
which had 11.5 million of its internal documents hacked. Monday, the
International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, which has handled papers,
released a massive database that contained the names of more than 360,000 people
and companies associated with offshore accounts.

Citing a USA TODAY analysis of 1,000 anonymous companies in Nevada and 24 in
Wyoming tied to the law firm, Wyden asked for information about the companies,
how the states regulate them and whether any of the companies has been
investigated for criminal activity.

"I have become increasingly concerned about the use of anonymous shell companies
as vehicles for terrorists' financing, tax evasion and fraud targeting major
government programs within the committee's jurisdiction, such as Medicare,"
wrote Wyden, ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee.

The fallout elsewhere:

Japan said it would draft a plan to fight international tax evasion. It said it
plans to propose measures to fight global graft at the Group of Seven economic
summit it will host in the cities of Ise and Shima on May 26-27.

In Australia, the federal Taxation Office is investigating about 800 Australians
named in the Panama Papers, according to the Herald Sun.

In India, D.S. Malik, a spokesman for the country's Finance Ministry, said
income tax authorities sent notices to all Indians listed in the database
seeking information and warning of possible investigations, the Associated Press
reported.

Canadian Revenue Minister Diane Lebouthillier said investigators were analyzing
the files. "We are looking into what's going on in these cases with a
fine-toothed comb," she told lawmakers Monday. "If we can lay criminal charges,
we will lay criminal charges."

A deputy director of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's confectionery empire
is a beneficiary of a company registered in the British Virgin Islands,
according to new information. The link to Sergei Zaitsev is potentially
embarrassing for Poroshenko because he said in April he wanted to pass a law
requiring Ukrainians to disclose all offshore holdings to force them to pay
taxes in their home country.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Pool photo by KIMIMASA MAYAMA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

Owners of Worcester Payroll Company Plead Guilty to Tax Evasion and Fraud

LENGTH: 765  words


The co-owners and former owner of a payroll company in Worcester pleaded guilty
in U.S. District Court in Worcester to defrauding the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) and tax evasion. One of the co-owners also pleaded guilty to embezzling
client and employee funds.


William McCullough, 72, of Westborough, Mass., pleaded guilty to two counts of
conspiracy to defraud the IRS, four counts of false statements, four counts of
tax evasion, and one count of wire fraud. Robert McCullough, 43, also of
Westborough, the son of William McCullough, pleaded guilty to two counts of
conspiracy to defraud the IRS, four counts of false statements, and four counts
of tax evasion. Gary Davis, 74, of Jupiter, Fla., pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to defraud the IRS, and three counts of tax evasion. On Aug. 31,
2015, William McCullough was charged in two Informations, and today, Robert
McCullough and Davis were charged in one Information. U.S. District Court Judge
Timothy S. Hillman scheduled sentencing for William McCullough on Dec. 1, 2015,
for Gary Davis on Dec. 8, 2015, and for Robert McCullough on Jan. 14, 2016.
The McCulloughs are co-owners of Harpers Data Services, a payroll company in
Worcester. William McCullough is also the treasurer and his son, Robert, is the
president. Gary Davis was a former owner and president of Harpers until his
retirement in 2010.
Beginning around 2006, William and Robert McCullough opened and operated two
corporate bank accounts at Webster Five Cents Savings Bank. From 2007 to 2012,
they funneled approximately $11 million of taxable income into these accounts.
The McCulloughs kept these accounts off of the corporation's books and concealed
their existence from the corporate accountant. Thus, the income deposited into
these accounts was not reported to the IRS on the corporation's annual tax
returns. As a result, the corporation failed to pay approximately $3.78 million
in taxes.
Also during that time, William McCullough wrote checks totaling approximately
$4.7 million from one of the Webster Five corporate accounts to himself, Robert
McCullough, and Gary Davis. In addition, from 2007 to 2011, William McCullough
wrote bonus and dividend checks from Harpers totaling approximately $2.7 million
to himself, Robert McCullough, and Gary Davis. William McCullough ensured that
none of this income appeared on the appropriate tax reporting forms, and as a
result, the defendants failed to pay approximately $1.7 million in taxes from
2007 through 2011.  In a separate Information, William McCullough pleaded guilty
to one count of wire fraud. From 2009 through 2011, Harpers maintained client
trust accounts and a client tax account. These accounts contained client funds,
which were to be used to pay employees' paychecks and employees' federal and
state taxes. From 2009 through 2011, William McCullough took approximately $1
million from the client trust accounts and deposited it into a Harpers account.
In 2010, he took $750,000 from the client tax account and deposited it into a
Harpers account. At the time William McCullough took this money, the funds
belonged solely to the clients of Harpers Data Services. McCullough's fraud
resulted in a theft of approximately $1.8 million dollars.
The charge of conspiracy to defraud provides a sentence of no greater than five
years in prison, three years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 or
twice the gross gain or loss, whichever is greater. The charge of false
statements in a tax return provides a sentence of no greater than three years in
prison, one year of supervised release, and a fine of $100,000. The charge of
tax evasion provides a sentence of no greater than five years in prison, three
years of supervised release, and a fine of $100,000. The charge of wire fraud
provides a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison, three years of
supervised release, and a fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or loss,
whichever is greater. Actual sentences for federal crimes are typically less
than the maximum penalties. Sentences are imposed by a federal district court
judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.
United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston; and
Joseph R. Bonavolonta, Acting Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Boston Field Division, made the announcement today. The case is
being prosecuted by Karin M. Bell, Chief of Ortiz's Worcester Branch Office.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 24, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Daveco tax scam alleged The liquor superstore owners are named in a 52-count
theft and fraud indictment.

BYLINE: Monte Whaley The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 642 words


THORNTON - Hani "Henry" Sawaged likes to claim that his 102,000-square-foot
Daveco Liquors is the largest in the world.

When he finally got Guinness World Records to agree with him in 2008, he beamed
with pride.

"Now people know I am a man of my word," he said.

But all the while, authorities charged this week, he was running a tax-evasion
scam that cheated Thornton and the state out of at least $450,000 in sales-tax
revenue.

Sawaged and his brothers Ghassan "Gus" Sawaged and Bassam "Sam" Dahoud Sawaged
were listed on a 52-count indictment returned this week by a Denver County grand
jury charging the three with violating the Colorado Organized Crime Control Act.
The indictment also alleges several other felonies, including conspiracy to
commit theft and computer crime, theft-series, computer crime, tax violation,
filing a false tax return, tax evasion and conspiracy to commit tax evasion.

Prosecutors allege that from at least January 2007 through August 2008, the
Sawaged brothers logged fictitious merchandise returns and took $5.4 million in
cash from Daveco Liquors, which Hani Sawaged owned and operated.

They supposedly used at least $2 million of that cash to pay some of their
liquor distributors.

The result, say prosecutors, is the alleged underreporting and underpaying of
sales taxes to Thornton and the state, causing losses of more than $450,000.

"These are very serious allegations that involve a retail business that's very
high profile in the metro area," said Denver District Attorney's Office
spokeswoman Lynn Kimbrough. The Denver district attorney handled the indictment
because Daveco's bank account is with UMB Bank Colorado in Denver, Kimbrough
said.

The DA's office worked in conjunction with city of Thornton auditors and the
Department of Revenue.

The Sawaged family - which also own Davidson Liquors in Highlands Ranch - also
face allegations they have been operating a "hidden ownership," which is against
state liquor law. The Colorado Department of Revenue say family members acted as
agents for one another in purchases and contracts, even though they were not
licensed to do so.

A hearing on the Sawaged's liquor licenses is scheduled for October, said Mark
Couch, spokesman for the Department of Revenue. Of Thursday's indictment, Couch
would only say it "was significant."

Neither the Sawaged brothers nor their attorney Craig Truman could be reached
for comment.

Hani Sawaged - whose parents, four brothers and three sisters emigrated from
Jordan in 1979 - told The Denver Post in 2008 that he started Daveco in November
2006 to honor his father, David, who for years ran a 900-square- foot liquor
store in Thornton.

Hani Sawaged celebrated in 2008 when he received a certificate from Guinness
World Records declaring the store at Colorado 7 and Interstate 25 as the largest
liquor store in the world.

"I kept saying this is the world's largest liquor store, and people kept saying
'You can never prove that,"' Sawaged said.

Thornton auditors began looking at Daveco Liquors in September 2008 in a routine
check when they uncovered off-hour returns of merchandise and other suspicious
activity.

Prosecutors allege that 97 percent of all returns made at the store during the
scrutinized period were falsified. The indictment says most of the returns were
made either just before Daveco opened for the business day or immediately after
Daveco closed for the day.

The fictitious liquor returned includes Issac Hullio, Issac Heulio, Issac
Hiullio, Issm Beer, Don Pedro, DonPatro, Sddse, Wow Beer, Dss Beer, Base Beer,
Base Beer Acc, FYTU Wine and Good Wine.

Arrest warrants have been issued for all three brothers, and arrangements were
being made for their surrender, said Kimbrough. Their first court date has not
been set.

Staff writer Jessica Fender

contributed to this report.

Monte Whaley: 720-929-0907

or mwhaley@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday

Ex-firm owner guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald Herald Staff Report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 295 words


The former owner of a Salinas agricultural equipment firm has pleaded guilty to
a $221,000 tax evasion, admitting he diverted company money to pay for
Victoria's Secret purchases, a tae bo class and a trip to Legoland.

Curtis Leigh Parry, 66, entered the plea in federal court in San Jose, the U.S.
attorney and IRS announced. Parry, who was indicted in 2007, will be sentenced
May 13.

In his plea agreement, Parry admitted he diverted money from his company,
Salinas Valley Engineering & Manufacturing, Inc., through various schemes. Parry
owned the company from 1977 to 2003 and was its sole owner.

Parry had customers pay him directly for work or materials, then deposited the
money into his personal account, authorities said, without reporting it as
income.

Parry admitted he wrote corporate checks to himself and deposited the money in
his own account, falsely telling his bookkeeper that they were reimbursements
for business expenses.

Parry used an American Express corporate credit card for personal purchases for
himself and his family, the U.S. attorney and IRS said.

Parry admitted that starting in June 1999, he began sending money to Nigeria.
Between 1999 and 2002, he wired more than $300,000 in diverted corporate funds
overseas, authorities said. Parry conducted many of the transfers in structured
transactions in amounts less than $10,000.

Parry pleaded guilty to three counts of tax evasion and three counts of filing a
false corporate tax return.

The maximum penalty for tax evasion is five years in prison and a fine of
$250,000. The maximum penalty for each count of filing a false tax return is
three years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The sentence will be up to
Judge Jeremy Fogel.

Information about whether Parry made restitution was not available.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Business Briefs

BYLINE: Hamilton Spectator wire services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1188  words


TAXATION

Ex-Frost Fence president fined for tax evasion

TORONTO Former Frost Fence president John Cameron has been fined $120,000 for
tax evasion. The former Burlington resident pleaded guilty.

He was charged after Canada Revenue Agency investigators found he did not
declare $441,992 of income from Frost Fence and other sources.

The investigation found, "that through the use of improper and omitted
accounting entries," money and inventory from Frost was used to pay Cameron's
personal debts and renovate his Burlington home.

The charges covered the tax years 1999 to 2001.

AUTOMOTIVE

Fort McMurray auto shops dinged over price-fixing

OTTAWA Canada's Competition Bureau has reached a settlement with six auto body
repair shops in Fort McMurray, Alta., over price fixing and price maintenance.

The agreement, which was announced yesterday, requires the companies to comply
with the Competition Act, stop setting fixed prices for vehicle repair work and
stop any communication on product prices or services.

The case involved Shamrock Maintenance & Hotshot Services Ltd., Pete's Custom
Coachwork, Birchwood Auto Body, Alberta Motor Products Ltd., Noral Motors and
Lane's Auto Shop.

The businesses agreed to run a corrective notice in a local newspaper.

"Conspiring to fix prices and price maintenance are criminal offences with
serious consequences," said Denyse MacKenzie, senior deputy commissioner of
competition.

UTILITIES

OPG profits surged to $490 million last year

TORONTO Ontario Power Generation said yesterday that full-year profits rose to
$490 million in 2006 as revenues declined.

For the year ended Dec. 31, the power generator said net income rose from $366
million a year earlier.

Revenues dipped to $5.6 billion from $5.8 billion. Earnings were affected by
lower gross margins from electricity sales due to lower average sale prices and
lower electricity generation from the previous year.

The provincial Crown corporation generated 105.2 terawatt-hours of electricity
over the year, compared to 108.5 terawatt-hours in 2005.

REAL ESTATE

Brookfield loses bid

for U.S. mall operator

INDIANAPOLIS Simon Property Group Inc. and Farallon Capital Management have
outbid Canada's Brookfield Asset Management to buy Maryland-based shopping mall
owner The Mills Corp. in a deal valued at $7.9 billion US.

The U.S. companies announced yesterday they had entered into a definitive
agreement to acquire The Mills for $25.25 US a share or about $1.64 billion in
cash. Including assumed debt and preferred stock, the deal has a value of $7.9
billion.

The Canadian company had agreed in January to buy The Mills for $21 US a share
or $1.35 billion.

INTERNET

Neteller dropping 220 jobs in Calgary

CALGARY Neteller PLC says it has cut 220 jobs in Calgary and is considering the
sale or partial lease of some of its facilities in the city as it responds to a
dramatic decrease in its North American business in recent months.

The online transaction processing company also announced yesterday that it will
cut 30 jobs in the United Kingdom as part of the latest downsizing move.
Neteller has been badly hurt by American legislation that makes it illegal to
pay for online gambling debts by credit card or debit card or other electronic
means.

RETAIL

Rona, workers hammer out nine-year contract

BOUCHERVILLE, Que. Hardware store chain Rona Inc. has signed a nine-year
collective agreement with employees at its Boucherville, Que., distribution
centre.

The contract was ratified by 92 per cent of the employees at the location.

The company has a workforce of more than 25,000 employees.

It generated $5.7 billion in annual sales last year.

FINANCIAL SERVICES

Scotiabank invests

in Puerto Rican growth

TORONTO Scotiabank said yesterday it will buy a 10 per cent stake in Puerto
Rico's First BanCorp. for about $94 million US.

The move is part of a plan to capitalize on growth in the Puerto Rican market.

The deal would give the Canadian bank an interest in the second-largest
financial holding company in the commonwealth. First BanCorp has total assets of
about $17.4 billion US.

FirstBank, a subsidiary of BanCorp, has portfolios in the commercial, consumer,
mortgage and auto areas, as well as insurance and auto leasing businesses.

The stake must meet regulatory approvals and other conditions.

Scotiabank already owns offices in Puerto Rico as part of its Scotiabank de
Puerto Rico subsidiary.

TELECOM

Telus Q4 profit soars

200 per cent to $236 million

VANCOUVER Telecom provider Telus Corp. reported yesterday a fourth-quarter
profit of $236.2 million, up 200 per cent or $78.5 million from a year ago on
strong growth in its wireless and data operations.

The Vancouver-based company said its earnings amounted to 69 cents per diluted
share, compared with 22 cents per share in the year-earlier period.

Actual revenues moved up 8 per cent to $2.25 billion from $2.09 billion in the
year-before period.

Telus said its earnings for the period included favourable tax-related
adjustments of about $20 million versus a charge of $33.5 million for financing
charges on its redemption of long-term debt and a one cent unfavourable impact
for tax-related adjustments.

ECONOMY

Falling energy prices

ease wholesale costs

WASHINGTON U.S. wholesale prices fell in January by the largest amount in three
months amid falling energy prices, while new home construction plunged to the
lowest level in nearly 10 years.

The U.S. Labor Department reported yesterday that wholesale inflation declined
0.6 per cent last month, helped by a 4.6 per cent drop in energy costs.

Meanwhile, construction of new homes and apartments plunged by 14.3 per cent in
January.

This pushed total activity down to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 1.408
million units, the slowest pace in nearly 10 years.

Applications for building permits, considered a good barometer of future
activity, fell as well in January, dropping by 2.8 per cent to an annual rate of
1.568 million units.

FORESTRY

Weyerhauser sells off

all of its Canadian centres

FEDERAL WAY, Wash. U.S. forestry giant Weyerhauser Co. is in final negotiations
to sell all its Canadian and 10 of its U.S. distribution centres to Los
Angeles-based Platinum Equity, the company said yesterday.

Financial terms were not disclosed.

The Canadian centres to be sold are: St. John's, N.L.; Dartmouth, N.S.; Sussex,
N.B.; Quebec City; Montreal; Ottawa; Brampton; Sudbury; Timmins; Regina;
Saskatoon; Winnipeg; Calgary; Edmonton; Kelowna and Langley, B.C.

TRANSPORT

American Airlines

on buyers' radar: magazine

DALLAS Shares of American Airlines' parent rose yesterday after Business Week
reported the company was the target of a private buyout bid by investors,
including Goldman Sachs and British Airways.

Analysts discounted the report that investors were trying to buy AMR Corp.,
noting that laws cap foreign ownership of a U.S. airline at 25 per cent.

The magazine reported in its Feb. 26 issue that the investor group is planning
to bid between $46 US and $52 US per share for AMR. That would represent a
healthy premium over AMR's closing price Thursday of $38.05. AMR shares closed
yesterday up 92 cents at $38.97 US. The magazine article was based on
unidentified sources.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                             June 30, 2005 Thursday

Hotel owners convicted of federal tax evasion;
Couple 'declared independence from United States'

BYLINE: JOHN BRANTON, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY/REGION; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 476 words


A Clark County couple who told jurors they weren't obligated to pay federal
income taxes on their hotel and motel business have been found guilty of tax
evasion and failing to file tax returns for five years.

The six-day trial of Kathy and Thomas Weathers in U.S. District Court in Tacoma
ended Tuesday.

The Weatherses own the Joyce and Kent hotels in Portland; the now-defunct
Century Plaza Hotel in Portland; and the Hudson Hotel and Oregon Way Motor Court
in the Longview area, said Katheryn Frierson, one of two assistant U.S.
attorneys who prosecuted the case. All are low-priced establishments, she said.

The Weatherses were indicted in September. They filed an income tax return in
1997, saying they owed about $103,000, but never paid it, officials said. For
1998 through 2002, they filed no tax returns.

Meanwhile, officials said, the Weatherses' lodging business was grossing more
than $1 million per year.

In the trial, Frierson said, "They said they declared their independence from
the United States, rejecting the authority of federal law."

During an investigation led by Vancouver Internal Revenue Service Special Agent
Dan Wardlaw, Thomas Weathers sent the IRS a document declaring that he was
"sovereign" and "not subject to any entity or jurisdiction anywhere," according
to a bulletin from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Seattle.

In addition, Frierson said, Thomas Weathers told officials that his name was his
own property and that Wardlaw was liable for fines of $500,000 for each time he
used the name.

"I think he said something to the effect that he had copyrighted his name,"
Frierson said.

Officials said the Weatherses filed false statements with the IRS and set up
shell corporations to avoid taxes.

The Weatherses, who told The Columbian they live in the Salmon Creek area, said
they likely will appeal the conviction.

"There's nothing in the tax laws that shows we are liable," Thomas Weathers said
Wednesday. He is 54 and his wife is 52.

Weathers said he decided around 1997 to stop filing income tax returns. He said
an explanation of his beliefs can be found in the book "Cracking the Code," sold
on the Lost Horizons Web site at www.losthorizons.com.

The $19.95 book claims that many Americans who believe they are subject to tax
laws are not. One chapter is entitled "Lies, Damned Lies, and W-2s."

A link to the Web site reads it's the "home of the startling and liberating
truth about the income tax."

The Weathers are free pending their sentencing in Tacoma on Sept. 14.

The Weatherses' tax evasion conviction carries a maximum sentence of five years
in prison, Frierson said. They also were convicted of five counts of failing to
file tax returns, which can bring a sentence of up to one year for each count.

John Branton covers crime and law enforcement for The Columbian. He can be
reached at 360-759-8012 or john.branton@columbian.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 22, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Helmsley visits ill husband

BYLINE: Bethany Kandel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Imprisoned hotel queen Leona Helmsley had a special 12-hour prison leave Tuesday
to be at the bedside of her husband, Harry, who had emergency surgery.

Helmsley, 72, accompanied by two guards from the federal prison in Danbury,
Conn., had a teary reunion with her husband at New York Hospital.

When they saw each other, ''Harry broke out into tears,'' said Howard
Rubenstein, Helmsley's spokesman. ''He said, 'Leona, I really need you.' ''

After the operation - to relieve a buildup of fluid on the brain - Harry
Helmsley, 83, seemed alert and ''requested his favorite chicken soup,''
Rubenstein said.

By early afternoon, Leona Helmsley had to return to prison, where she is serving
a four-year tax evasion sentence.

Bureau of Prisons spokesman Dan Dunne said any non-violent inmate in prison more
than 90 days can request an ''escorted trip'' for medical or other reasons.

Helmsley had to pay for the trip herself, Dunne said.

She was convicted in 1989 of evading $ 1.7 million in taxes by billing personal
expenses, such as renovations on her mansion, to her companies. She began
serving her sentence in April and will be eligible for parole next year.

Her husband also was charged, but a judge ruled he was too ill to stand trial.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, UPI

CUTLINE: HELMSLEY

TYPE: Newsmakers

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 22, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Helmsley visits ill husband

BYLINE: Bethany Kandel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 209 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Imprisoned hotel queen Leona Helmsley had a special 12-hour prison leave Tuesday
to be at the bedside of her husband, Harry, who had emergency surgery.

Helmsley, 72, accompanied by two guards from the federal prison in Danbury,
Conn., had a teary reunion with her husband at New York Hospital.

When they saw each other, ''Harry broke out into tears,'' said Howard
Rubenstein, Helmsley's spokesman. ''He said, 'Leona, I really need you.' ''

After the operation - to relieve a buildup of fluid on the brain - Harry
Helmsley, 83, seemed alert and ''requested his favorite chicken soup,''
Rubenstein said.

By early afternoon, Leona Helmsley had to return to prison, where she is serving
a four-year tax evasion sentence.

Bureau of Prisons spokesman Dan Dunne said any non-violent inmate in prison more
than 90 days can request an ''escorted trip'' for medical or other reasons.

Helmsley had to pay for the trip herself, Dunne said.

She was convicted in 1989 of evading $ 1.7 million in taxes by billing personal
expenses, such as renovations on her mansion, to her companies. She began
serving her sentence in April and will be eligible for parole next year.

Her husband also was charged, but a judge ruled he was too ill to stand trial.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, UPI

CUTLINE: HELMSLEY

TYPE: Newsmakers

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 19, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

POSNER CONVICTED ON TAXES

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, July 18


A Federal jury convicted the millionaire financier Victor Posner today of
evading $1.2 million in Federal income taxes on a gift of 22 acres to a small
Christian college.

The 12-member jury, which deliberated 14 hours over two days, found Mr. Posner
guilty on four counts of tax evasion, five counts of making false statements and
one count of conspiracy to defraud the Government.

The Miami Beach investor and corporate raider, who is 67 years old, could be
sentenced to as many as 40 years in prison and a $75,000 fine. Federal District
Judge Eugene P. Spellman set sentencing for Sept. 19.

The judge and prosecutors agreed to a defense request to allow Mr. Posner to
remain free while his lawyers appeal the verdict.

Value of Land at Issue

In the trial, the prosecution had argued that Mr. Posner evaded $1.2 million in
taxes by inflating the value of two tracts of land, totaling 22 acres, that he
donated to Miami Christian College.

In closing arguments Wednesday, the defense attorney, Edward Bennett Williams,
said the tax-evasion dispute should have been settled between Mr. Posner and the
Internal Revenue Service. He challenged the jurors to convict Mr. Posner of
everything or nothing.

Mr. Williams said that Mr. Posner had paid a higher percentage of his income to
the Government - 67 percent of $8.2 million in taxable income that he earned
from 1975 to 1979 -than almost every American.

Prosecutors noted that Mr. Posner's gross income in that time was $13 million.

The charges covered tax deductions on two parcels: 16 acres appraised by Mr.
Posner for tax deductions at $125,000 an acre and assessed for property taxes at
$7,500 an acre in 1975 and six acres appraised at $175,000 an acre and assessed
at $9,000 an acre in 1978.

Expectations of Development

Mr. Williams contended that Mr. Posner's deductions on the donated land had been
justified because the financier believed the land was suited for a shopping
center even though it carried residential zoning.

Mr. Posner, whose personal fortune has been estimated at $100 million, dropped
out of school in Baltimore at the age of 13 and made his first million by 25
through investments in real estate. Later, his aggressive investments and
mergers built his present network of more than 40 companies, forming a $4
billion multifaceted empire that has shown signs of unraveling recently.

The Evans Products Company, a building materials and transportation concern that
is 42.5 percent owned by Mr. Posner's NVF Company, filed for bankruptcy
protection last year. Another Posner holding, the Sharon Steel Corporation, has
said that it might seek protection from creditors.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Victor Posner (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Alaska Plastic Surgeon Convicted of Wire Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 391  words


Doctor Hid Millions in Secret Accounts in Panama

An Alaskan plastic surgeon was convicted today of four counts of wire fraud and
three counts of tax evasion by a federal jury sitting in Anchorage, Alaska,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division and U.S. Attorney Karen Loeffler of the District of
Alaska.

Dr. Michael Brandner, 67, was convicted following a seven-day jury trial before
U.S. District Judge Sharon Gleason of the District of Alaska.  According to the
indictment and evidence introduced at trial, in late 2007, shortly after
Brandner's wife filed for divorce, he collected millions of dollars in marital
assets and secretly drove from Tacoma, Washington, to Costa Rica in Central
America.  In Costa Rica, he opened two bank accounts into which he deposited
more than $350,000 in cash and hid a thousand ounces of gold in a safe deposit
box.  He then traveled to Panama where he opened an account under the name of a
sham corporation and in 2008, deposited $4.6 million into the account.

Dr. Brandner concealed both the existence of the bank accounts and the interest
he earned on those accounts from the court in the divorce proceedings and from
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  Dr. Brandner owed the IRS $600,000 in
additional taxes for the 2008 through 2010 tax years.  He presented the divorce
court with a fabricated promissory note to mislead the court into believing he
had invested more than $3 million in the foreign corporation.

In 2011, once the divorce was final, Dr. Brandner repatriated more than $4.6
million, only to have the funds seized by Homeland Security Investigations
agents.  He then lied to federal agents about his control of the funds.

At his March 7, 2016 sentencing, Dr. Brandner faces a statutory maximum penalty
of 20 years in prison for each count of wire fraud and five years for each count
of tax evasion and a fine of up to $250,000, or twice the gain or loss caused by
the offense, on each of the seven counts of conviction.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo thanked the special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated the case and Trial Attorney Ignacio
Perez de la Cruz of the Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney Bryan Schroder
of the District of Alaska, who prosecuted the case. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 5, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Did Race Inspire The Flake Case? Maybe, He Says

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 577 words


A day after the prosecution ended his embezzlement and tax-evasion trial, Floyd
H. Flake, the Queens Congressman and minister, said there could have been a
racial motive in his prosecution.

But Mr. Flake, who is black, also said that the motive could have been
"political," or that he could have been the target of prosecutors pursuing a
"high-profile case" for "career advancement."

Later, he was greeted warmly by his supporters at various stops in his
congressional district, the Sixth.

In a news conference at his office in St. Albans, Queens, Mr. Flake did not say
that Government investigators were giving him and other prominent blacks special
attention. But he did suggest that the standards for prosecuting black political
figures and those for white politicians were different.

"I wouldn't say they necessarily target them," he said when asked if he believed
that Federal prosecutors specifically set their sights on black leaders.

Distinction Drawn

But citing two major criminal cases in the last decade in which white members of
Congress were prosecuted, he said: "If you look at an Abscam or Wedtech, you're
talking about major scandals which involve numerous people, and it was very
clear that those were criminal cases. If you look at the majority of those black
indictments, they're not brought with major scandals; generally they're tax
issues." He did not cite specific cases in which blacks were indicted.

Many blacks, including the Rev. Jesse Jackson, have viewed the Flake case as an
example of selective prosecution of black elected officials by the Federal
Government.

"I would not specifically say that," Mr. Flake said yesterday as reporters
pressed him on whether he believed there had been a racial motive in his
prosecution. But he then cited such a motive as one possibility among others,
like political and career advancement.

The United States Attorney in Brookyn, Andrew J. Maloney, whose office brought
the case, again vigorously denied that race or politics had figured in the
indictment of Mr. Flake and his wife, Margarett.

"I would bring this kind of case again tomorrow against any public official or
any individual," Mr. Maloney said.

The Flakes were charged with tax evasion and embezzlement of $75,000 in Federal
housing funds related to an apartment complex for the elderly operated by the
church where Mr. Flake is the pastor, the Allen African Methodist Episcopal
Church.

At the request of prosecutors, the charges were dismissed in Federal Court in
Brooklyn on Wednesday, days after the judge, Eugene H. Nickerson, hinted that
their case was shaky.

The Justice Department plans to review the prosecution, an agency official said
yesterday. Such a review occurs whenever the Government loses a major case,
those familiar with the agency's practices said.

Warm Greetings

As he had earlier, the 46-year-old Congressman said yesterday that any financial
irregularities had been innocent "bookkeeping" problems.

Later, he visited places in his district where some of his most ardent
supporters could be found.

Amid a burst of applause as he entered the lunchroom at the Allen Community
Senior Citizen Center, Mr. Flake was embraced by Sallie Wright, 70, who
exclaimed, "Thank God!"

In the House of Beauty, a salon on Merrick Boulevard, Mr. Flake kissed the women
there, and when he stepped back out on the street, a motorist honked his horn
and yelled, "Victory!"

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Resuming his normal activities after the Government dismissed
charges of tax evasion and embezzlement on Wednesday, Representative Floyd H.
Flake, foreground, met with members of his church in Queens. (John Sotomayor/The
New York Times)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Fifth Guilty Plea in a U.S. Housing Inquiry

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Feb. 22


A former executive director of the Perth Amboy Housing Authority pleaded guilty
to bribery and tax evasion Wednesday, the fifth person in less than a week to
admit guilt in Federal District Court here to corruption involving contracts for
federally financed housing.

United States Attorney Samuel A. Alito Jr. has said more guilty pleas or
criminal charges can be expected involving at least four other municipal
agencies. The Federal Bureau of Investigation began the investigation in the
spring of 1987, partly on the basis of tips called in to a white-collar crime
hot line.

The former Perth Amboy official, Anthony J. Slotwinski, 55 years old, of Edison,
told Judge Harold A. Ackerman that he took about $100,000 in bribes from a
contractor, Alfred Bressaw, between 1984 and 1988 in exchange for $1.2 million
in contracts.

Last Friday Mr. Bressaw, 51, owner of an electrical repair company in
Woodbridge, pleaded guilty to one charge of income-tax evasion.

Mr. Slotwinski also pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion for not paying
$17,000 in taxes owed on about $45,000 in bribes from Mr. Bressaw in 1985. He
faces a maximum of 15 years in prison and $500,000 in fines.

On Jan. 22, two days after a Federal audit uncovered millions in questionable
spending at the Passaic Public Housing Authority, Jack Kemp, the Housing and
Urban Development Secretary, suspended five Passaic housing officials and
ordered a review of all 80 New Jersey housing authorities.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Business

                                  July 7, 2002

A LONG-AWAITED REPORT INTO IRELAND'S BIGGEST FINANCIAL SCANDAL, PUBLISHED
ONSATURDAY, PAINTED A DAMNING PICTURE OF LARGE-SCALE TAX EVASION BY MEMBERS OF
THEBUSINESS AND POLITICAL ELITE

LENGTH: 690 words


A long-awaited report into Ireland's biggest financial scandal, published on
Saturday, painted a damning picture of large-scale tax evasion by members of
thebusiness and political elite. The inquiry into an offshore banking scheme
which operated from the late 1970s to the late 1990s, has drawn huge interest in
Ireland amid allegations that a "golden circle" avoided paying millions when
Irish people faced some of the highest tax rates in Europe. In a statement,
Deputy Prime Minister Mary Harney said: "The report concludes unambiguously
thata variety of individuals and corporations knowingly promoted widespread tax
evasion." The report delves into the operations of the Ansbacher (Cayman) Ltd
Bank, naming 190 clients of the bank, among them former Prime Minister Charles
Haughey.

TROUBLED fund manager, Aberdeen Asset Management (AAM), will face a UK Treasury
Select Committee inquiry into split capital investment trusts this week. AAM is
the only company to be called to the hearing, with chief executive Martin
Gilbert set to give evidence on Thursday. The Financial Services Authority, the
main UK financial services regulator, and the Association of Investment Trust
Companies (AITC) have also been called to give evidence to the committee. AAM
has 19 split-cap trusts of which eight face serious difficulties.

DIY retailer Homebase has hit back against its former owners Sainsbury which is
suing it over a £240m (E375m) sale and leaseback property deal. Sainsbury issued
a writ in the High Court in January to claim back the £8.5m (E13m) it paid
Homebase for a Nottingham property in a disagreement over the freehold of the
property, as well as VAT and interest totalling another £2m (E3.2m). Now
Homebase has retaliated by issuing a counter writ to recover damages of £1.2m
(E1.9m) over losses caused by interruption to business during the December 2000
sale and leaseback agreement .

CSN, the Brazilian steel manufacturer which is holding merger discussions with
Anglo-Dutch steel maker Corus, is in parallel talks with US steel groups which
could affect any deal. CSN is in talks with Bethlehem Steel of Pennsylvania as
part of a plan either to buy the group's Sparrow Point mill or form a joint
venture in which Bethlehem would process cheap iron ore sourced from CSN.
Bethlehem filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year after heavy
foreign competition. Talks have been going on for six months and CSN is also
thought to be in discussions with United States Steel about an alliance. Corus
said last week it is in early discussions about issuing new shares to provide
CSN with a 30-40% holding.

The number of shutdowns and bankruptcies by dot.com companies in the first half
of 2002 fell 73% from the same period last year, reports San Francisco
researcher Webmergers.com., fuelling US hopes that the internet sector may be
nearing the end of its shakeout.

British trade and industry secretary Patricia Hewitt announced the launch of a
public private alliance to protect the £5bn (E7.8bn) motor sport industry on the
eve of Sunday's British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The new partnership will work
to fight off competitive threats to the industry, and examine the best waysto
develop and enhance the UK's position in motor sport technology. The
announcement follows recent threats to the industry, which almost saw the UK
lose its annual grand prix. Hewitt also said that the British government will
launch a new independent study to highlight key issues facing the motor sport
industry.

ACTIVISTS called on Saturday for more funds to fight AIDS and the poverty
fuelling the epidemic on the eve of the 14th international AIDS conference. New
figures show 40m people are living with the virus and the numbers are expected
to rise to 100m within a decade. The majority of cases are in the world's
poorest countries.

SINGAPORE and the European Union have discussed the possibility of forming a
free trade pact, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said on Saturday. Goh met
EuropeanCommission President Romano Prodi on the second day of his three-day
first official visit to Singapore.


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2002 Sunday Business Group


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

Man dubbed Shurtleff's 'fixer' to stand trial

LENGTH: 666 words


By McKenzie Romero

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - A man who once called himself a "fixer" for former Utah
Attorney General Mark Shurtleff was ordered Monday to stand trial on charges
including tax evasion and obstructing justice.

At the beginning of what was set to be a three-day preliminary hearing Monday,
Timothy William Lawson, 51, waived the hearing and an arraignment was set for
June 20.

Lawson is charged with pattern of unlawful activity, a second-degree felony; tax
evasion, a third-degree felony; retaliation against a witness, a third-degree
felony; and two third-degree felony counts of obstruction of justice.

A friend to both Shurtleff and his successor, John Swallow, Lawson was charged
in December 2013, about a month after Swallow resigned facing allegations the
two top law enforcers traded favors for preferential treatment by the attorney
general's office.

Shurtleff and Swallow were hit in July 2014 with felony charges ranging from
accepting bribes to destroying evidence. Swallow returns to court July 13, while
a jury trial for Shurtleff is set to begin Oct. 25.

According to prosecutors, Lawson used his friendship with Shurtleff and Swallow
to influence others using intimidation and aggressive tactics, mostly behind the
scenes. According to court documents, Lawson in 2008 represented himself as a
man close to Shurtleff to then-wealthy businessman Marc Sessions Jenson, who was
facing securities fraud charges at the time.

Court documents allege Lawson had a hand in coordinating a lenient plea deal
that Shurtleff personally proposed for Jenson, requiring a plea in abeyance with
no jail time or restitution.

A judge subsequently rejected the deal but approved an amended plea deal that
had no jail time but included $4.1 million in restitution. Jenson was ordered to
prison in November 2013 for failing to pay that restitution and was released on
parole in October. The Utah Board of Pardons and Parole last month found that
Jenson still hasn't paid restitution.

In the midst of Jenson's 2008 case, prosecutors say Lawson arranged for meetings
between Shurtleff and Swallow, who had not yet been elected, at the posh Pelican
Hill Resort in Southern California where the businessman lived, all on Jenson's
dime.

Lawson also allegedly got involved in the failed billion-dollar development
known as Mt. Holly Resort that Jenson and his brother, Stephen Jenson, tried to
build in Beaver County. When the deal crumbled, a Colorado doctor who had
invested in the project wanted his money back.

According to court documents, Lawson sent several aggressive text messages and
emails to the doctor to dissuade him from providing testimony for any possible
investigation or legal action. Lawson also threatened to reveal supposed illegal
activity in the doctor's medical practice.

A jury acquitted Jenson of fraud charges in connection from the failed resort
last year. His brother accepted a plea deal partway through he trial.

Last month, new charges were filed against Lawson alleging communications fraud,
theft by deception and making false or inconsistent material statements, all
second-degree felonies.

Lawson told the Social Security Administration's Office of Disability
Adjudication and Review on April 13, 2012, that he had not worked since January
of 2009, according to charging documents. In another hearing in 2013, he again
allegedly stated he hadn't worked since January of 2009 while also stating in
the same hearing that he works five hours a week.

Jenson, however, told prosecutors that he paid Lawson $120,000 in 2009 for
consultant work, according to the charges. In other court documents, prosecutors
have said that money was paid for access to Shurtleff.

Between February of 2014 and June of 2015, Lawson received more than $32,000
from the Social Security Administration, and his seven children received more
than $54,000, according to court records.

A scheduling conference in that case has also been set for June 20.

Email: mromero@deseretnews.com

Twitter: McKenzieRomero

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Federal City Digest

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 491 words

Pyramid Power

In the wake of the exposure of pyramid schemes far more substantial and of
longer duration than anything that Charles Ponzi, shown at left in the 1930s,
ever dreamt up, the Senate Finance Committee holds a hearing today at 10 a.m. on
"Tax Issues Related to Ponzi Schemes and an Update on Offshore Tax Evasion
Legislation."

Sure to be on the table: draft legislation to crack down on offshore tax evasion
by increasing Internal Revenue Service reporting requirements that Sen. Max
Baucus (D-Mont.), who chairs the committee, began circulating earlier in March.
Sen. Carl Levin (Mich.) has also introduced legislation on the topic, taking the
different tack of proposing to tax offshore hedge and private equity funds
managed and controlled stateside.

Baucus and the panel's ranking Republican, Sen. Charles Grassley (Iowa), will
make statements before taking testimony from IRS Commissioner Douglas Shulman,
Government Accountability Office director of tax issues Michael Brostek, and
William Josephson of the law firm Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.

WHAT TO WATCH

--  After President Obama's victory last fall, a song by Irish comic singers
Hardy Drew and the Nancy Boys (now known as the Corrigan Brothers) swept across
the Web. "There's No One as Irish as Barack Obama" hailed the new 44th
president's distant roots in the Irish village of Moneygall. Today, the
president who used to give out "O'Bama" shamrock buttons on St. Patrick's Day in
Chicago meets with Irish Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Brian Cowen at the White
House in the morning; later, the two attend the annual St. Patrick's Day lunch
hosted by the House speaker's office at the Capitol. In the evening, Obama hosts
the annual White House St. Patrick's Day reception.

--  Talk about a mobile home: YouthBuild AmeriCorps students do preliminary work
today building a "green" home on the Mall as part of a demonstration of the
skills learned in their growing green-jobs program. The home will then be
transported to Brownsville, Tex., for completion and given to a single mother
there whose mobile home was damaged last summer by Hurricane Dolly.

At 10:30 a.m., first lady Michelle Obama visits the building site near the
Capitol reflecting pool to delivers remarks; the stimulus bill included $50
million for the federal YouthBuild program.

--  Also at 10:30, the Senate Judiciary subcommittee on crime and drugs and the
Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control hold a joint hearing on "Law
Enforcement Responses to Mexican Drug Cartels." Experts from both sides of the
border testify.

--  At 11:15, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), above, lays out what he would have
done if he were president in a speech to the Heritage Foundation, "Generational
Theft: The Fleecing of America's Children." Topics include McCain's "own
stimulus plan . . . and an alternative vision for the proper role of the federal
government."

-- Garance Franke-Ruta  federalcity@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; By Kevin Lamarque -- Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 29, 2005 Saturday
                                 Idaho Edition

North Idaho businessman convicted;
Hinkson could get 20-year term for soliciting;
murder of judge, prosecutor, IRS agent

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


A wealthy North Idaho businessman with ties to the militia movement was
convicted Friday on three counts of soliciting the murders of a federal judge, a
prosecutor and an IRS agent involved in a previous tax evasion case against him.

David Roland Hinkson, called a "hard-core patriot" by his anti-government
associates, faces up to 20 years in prison when he is sentenced in April for
soliciting the murders of Judge Edward Lodge, Assistant U.S. Attorney Nancy Cook
and IRS agent Steven M. Hines.

The 48-year-old multimillionaire, who lived in a rural area near Grangeville and
owned a company called WaterOz, was convicted Friday in Boise following a
three-week jury trial in U.S. District Court.

Defense attorney Wesley Hoyt said he would appeal the conviction.

"The evidence against Mr. Hinkson was presented by witnesses who had an economic
stake in the outcome in the sense that they were seeking to take over his
business or seeking large judgments from him," Hoyt told the Associated Press.

Trial testimony and evidence, including tape-recorded statements made by Hinkson
to an informant, revealed he offered a $10,000 bounty for the assassination of
each of the three federal officials.

Hinkson attempted to hire a hit man after he was indicted in July 2002 on
multiple counts of income tax evasion, and later released pending trial. The
solicitation was made to three individuals associated with a militia group known
as the Idaho County Posse, federal investigators said.

The IRS agent investigated the income tax case against Hinkson, and Cook
presented the case to a grand jury, resulting in the indictment. The case was
assigned to Lodge.

Hinkson's and his militia friends' anger toward the federal judge began after
Lodge dismissed a charge against an FBI sniper charged with the 1992 shooting
death of Vicki Weaver at Ruby Ridge, Idaho.

The jury acquitted Hinkson of three other counts related to a separate
solicitation to murder the same individuals and two counts of making threats
against the immediate family members of the prosecutor and IRS agent.

"Trying to put a hit on a federal judge, a prosecutor and an agent is an
egregious attack on our system of justice and the rule of law," Assistant
Attorney General Christoper Way said in a statement released by the Department
of Justice in Washington, D.C.

"We are grateful to the jury for recognizing this and providing justice for
these victims who were simply doing their jobs in the pursuit of justice," Wray
said.

Hinkson still awaits sentencing on a separate multiple-count conviction last
summer for selling adulterated and misbranded drugs, and income tax evasion.

He was arrested April 4, 2003, by agents of the Inland Northwest Joint Terrorism
Task Force, based in Spokane, and the Idaho County Sheriff's Department. He has
been in jail since then.

Hinkson lived in rural Idaho County, near his manufacturing plant that produced,
bottled and distributed WaterOz, an ionic water solution sold internationally
through multilevel marketing.

The water product was bottled with various minerals and marketed with claims it
could cure such maladies as AIDS, ringworm, multiple sclerosis, incontinence and
cancer.

The case was prosecuted by Michael P. Sullivan and Michael Taxay of the criminal
division of the Justice Department's headquarters. The U.S. Attorney's Office in
Idaho was excused from the prosecution because the charges stated that one of
its prosecutors was a victim.

The case was assigned to visiting Judge Richard C. Tallman because Lodge is a
judge for the District of Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           January 29, 2005 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

North Idaho businessman convicted;
Hinkson faces up to 20 years for soliciting;
murder of judge, prosecutor, IRS agent

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


A wealthy North Idaho businessman with ties to the militia movement was
convicted Friday on three counts of soliciting the murders of a federal judge, a
prosecutor and an IRS agent involved in a previous tax evasion case against him.

David Roland Hinkson, called a "hard-core patriot" by his anti-government
associates, faces up to 20 years in prison when he is sentenced in April for
soliciting the murders of Judge Edward Lodge, Assistant U.S. Attorney Nancy Cook
and IRS agent Steven M. Hines.

The 48-year-old multimillionaire, who lived in a rural area near Grangeville and
owned a company called WaterOz, was convicted Friday in Boise following a
three-week jury trial in U.S. District Court.

Defense attorney Wesley Hoyt said he would appeal the conviction.

"The evidence against Mr. Hinkson was presented by witnesses who had an economic
stake in the outcome in the sense that they were seeking to take over his
business or seeking large judgments from him," Hoyt told the Associated Press.

Trial testimony and evidence, including tape-recorded statements made by Hinkson
to an informant, revealed he offered a $10,000 bounty for the assassination of
each of the three federal officials.

Hinkson attempted to hire a hit man after he was indicted in July 2002 on
multiple counts of income tax evasion, and later released pending trial. The
solicitation was made to three individuals associated with a militia group known
as the Idaho County Posse, federal investigators said.

The IRS agent investigated the income tax case against Hinkson, and Cook
presented the case to a grand jury, resulting in the indictment. The case was
assigned to Lodge.

Hinkson's and his militia friends' anger toward the federal judge began after
Lodge dismissed a charge against an FBI sniper charged with the 1992 shooting
death of Vicki Weaver at Ruby Ridge, Idaho.

The jury acquitted Hinkson of three other counts related to a separate
solicitation to murder the same individuals and two counts of making threats
against the immediate family members of the prosecutor and IRS agent.

"Trying to put a hit on a federal judge, a prosecutor and an agent is an
egregious attack on our system of justice and the rule of law," Assistant
Attorney General Christoper Way said in a statement released by the Department
of Justice in Washington, D.C.

"We are grateful to the jury for recognizing this and providing justice for
these victims who were simply doing their jobs in the pursuit of justice," Wray
said.

Hinkson still awaits sentencing on a separate multiple-count conviction last
summer for selling adulterated and misbranded drugs, and income tax evasion.

He was arrested April 4, 2003, by agents of the Inland Northwest Joint Terrorism
Task Force, based in Spokane, and the Idaho County Sheriff's Department. He has
been in jail since then.

Hinkson lived in rural Idaho County, near his manufacturing plant that produced,
bottled and distributed WaterOz, an ionic water solution sold internationally
through multilevel marketing.

The water product was bottled with various minerals and marketed with claims it
could cure such maladies as AIDS, ringworm, multiple sclerosis, incontinence and
cancer.

The case was prosecuted by Michael P. Sullivan and Michael Taxay of the criminal
division of the Justice Department's headquarters. The U.S. Attorney's Office in
Idaho was excused from the prosecution because the charges stated that one of
its prosecutors was a victim.

The case was assigned to visiting Judge Richard C. Tallman, because Lodge is a
judge for the District of Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    July 28, 2004 Wednesday Michigan Edition

Man admits to offshore tax evasion;
Plea agreement with federal authorities calls for possible other trial
testimony.

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 396 words


SOUTH BEND -- A federal judge has accepted a South Bend man's guilty plea to tax
evasion charges and set sentencing for Dec. 21.

During that time, Douglas Gilman may be called to testify against individuals
who are due to stand trial in connection with an alleged offshore tax fraud
scheme.

Gilman, 45, faces up to a five-year sentence on each of the four tax evasion
counts he admitted Monday. His cooperation with the government and possible
testimony will work in his favor.

He also has agreed to pay restitution of $112,500, the amount of his tax loss.

A criminal complaint filed recently accused Gilman of filing false income tax
returns on behalf of himself and his wife, Gayle, each year from 1998 to 2001.

Gilman admitted in the plea agreement that he set up a series of companies,
including an offshore entity, for the purpose of decreasing the profits of a
corporation that were reflected in the couple's personal income taxes.

In court, Gilman said he paid $20,000 to participate in the scheme to Anderson
Ark, a Costa Rica offshore trust program the government has accused of helping
clients obtain more than $30 million in illegal tax refunds.

Several indictments have been returned in the United States in connection with
Anderson Ark.

Gilman's plea agreement is one of the first in the South Bend district to
include a Blakely waiver. That refers to a recent case before the U.S. Supreme
Court, Blakely v. Washington.

The court ruled that judges may consider only facts reflected in a jury's
verdict or a defendant's admission at the time of sentencing. One of the many
questions the decision has raised is whether it applies to the federal
sentencing guidelines.

The waiver in Gilman's case will allow U.S. District Judge Robert L. Miller Jr.
to find, among other things, the defendant was not a minor participant in the
offense and sophisticated means were used to accomplish it.

In his favor, the government will recommend to the judge that he has accepted
responsibility for his actions.

The judge will use those factors, plus any other government request for a
sentence reduction based on his cooperation, to determine the length of the
sentence.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal
Investigative Division.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Business

                                  July 7, 2002

A LONG-AWAITED REPORT INTO IRELANDS BIGGEST FINANCIAL SCANDAL, PUBLISHED ON
SATURDAY, PAINTED A DAMNING PICTURE OF LARGE-SCALE TAX EVASION BY MEMBERS OF
THEBUSINESS AND POLITICAL ELITE

LENGTH: 689 words


A long-awaited report into Irelands biggest financial scandal, published on
Saturday, painted a damning picture of large-scale tax evasion by members of
thebusiness and political elite. The inquiry into an offshore banking scheme
which operated from the late 1970s to the late 1990s, has drawn huge interest in
Ireland amid allegations that a "golden circle" avoided paying millions when
Irish people faced some of the highest tax rates in Europe. In a statement,
Deputy Prime Minister Mary Harney said: "The report concludes unambiguously
thata variety of individuals and corporations knowingly promoted widespread tax
evasion." The report delves into the operations of the Ansbacher (Cayman) Ltd
Bank, naming 190 clients of the bank, among them former Prime Minister Charles
Haughey.

TROUBLED fund manager, Aberdeen Asset Management (AAM), will face a UK Treasury
Select Committee inquiry into split capital investment trusts this week. AAM is
the only company to be called to the hearing, with chief executive Martin
Gilbert set to give evidence on Thursday. The Financial Services Authority, the
main UK financial services regulator, and the Association of Investment Trust
Companies (AITC) have also been called to give evidence to the committee. AAM
has 19 split-cap trusts of which eight face serious difficulties.

DIY retailer Homebase has hit back against its former owners Sainsbury which is
suing it over a £240m (E375m) sale and leaseback property deal. Sainsbury issued
a writ in the High Court in January to claim back the £8.5m (E13m) it paid
Homebase for a Nottingham property in a disagreement over the freehold of the
property, as well as VAT and interest totalling another £2m (E3.2m). Now
Homebase has retaliated by issuing a counter writ to recover damages of £1.2m
(E1.9m) over losses caused by interruption to business during the December 2000
sale and leaseback agreement .

CSN, the Brazilian steel manufacturer which is holding merger discussions with
Anglo-Dutch steel maker Corus, is in parallel talks with US steel groups which
could affect any deal. CSN is in talks with Bethlehem Steel of Pennsylvania as
part of a plan either to buy the groups Sparrow Point mill or form a joint
venture in which Bethlehem would process cheap iron ore sourced from CSN.
Bethlehem filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last year after heavy
foreign competition. Talks have been going on for six months and CSN is also
thought to be in discussions with United States Steel about an alliance. Corus
said last week it is in early discussions about issuing new shares to provide
CSN with a 30-40% holding.

The number of shutdowns and bankruptcies by dot.com companies in the first half
of 2002 fell 73% from the same period last year, reports San Francisco
researcher Webmergers.com., fuelling US hopes that the internet sector may be
nearing the end of its shakeout.

British trade and industry secretary Patricia Hewitt announced the launch of a
public private alliance to protect the £5bn (E7.8bn) motor sport industry on the
eve of Sundays British Grand Prix at Silverstone. The new partnership will work
to fight off competitive threats to the industry, and examine the best waysto
develop and enhance the UKs position in motor sport technology. The announcement
follows recent threats to the industry, which almost saw the UK lose its annual
grand prix. Hewitt also said that the British government will launch a new
independent study to highlight key issues facing the motor sport industry.

ACTIVISTS called on Saturday for more funds to fight AIDS and the poverty
fuelling the epidemic on the eve of the 14th international AIDS conference. New
figures show 40m people are living with the virus and the numbers are expected
to rise to 100m within a decade. The majority of cases are in the worlds
poorestcountries.

SINGAPORE and the European Union have discussed the possibility of forming a
free trade pact, Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said on Saturday. Goh met
EuropeanCommission President Romano Prodi on the second day of his three-day
first official visit to Singapore.


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2002 Sunday Business Group


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Former Bellevue Developer Convicted Of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: Richmond


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia has issued
the following press release:

A former Bellevue based developer and lender who spent millions on gambling,
thoroughbred horse racing, private aircraft, country club fees, a Bellevue
penthouse, and two Palm Springs, California, homes was convicted late yesterday
of two counts of tax evasion following a nine day jury trial, announced Acting
United States Attorney Annette L. Hayes.   THOMAS R. HAZELRIGG, III, 68, of
Redmond, Washington, was indicted in July 2013.  The jury deliberated three and
a half hours before finding HAZELRIGG guilty.  He faces up to five years in
prison on each count when sentenced by U.S. District Judge Thomas S. Zilly on
March 12, 2015.

"This trial laid bare Mr. Hazelrigg's wide ranging deceit and manipulation --
all in the service of greed," said Acting United States Attorney Annette L.
Hayes.  "The failure to pay taxes -- especially by someone with this defendant's
financial means -- tears at the fabric of our public trust.  When Mr. Hazelrigg
chose not to pay his fair share, he effectively cheated everyone."

Evidence presented at trial described how HAZELRIGG first agreed to pay $533,454
in taxes owed for tax years 1989, 1990 and 1991 and then failed to pay the tax
debt while living a lavish lifestyle that included multi-million dollar property
purchases and remodels and expensive artwork. HAZELRIGG also evaded payment of
his taxes owed for 1994, for which he had filed a return showing tax owed, but
for which he made no payments.  According to testimony at trial, between 1997
and 2007, HAZELRIGG illegally funneled income from his businesses into accounts
that he controlled but that he kept secret from the IRS. HAZELRIGG used these
accounts to pay for the multimillion dollar purchase and remodel of a Bellevue
penthouse, two Chihuly glass chandeliers worth more than $460,000, and two
luxury homes in Palm Springs, California.  HAZELRIGG used these secret accounts
to pay various household expenses including the use of a butler.

"Thomas Hazelrigg III, wrongly thought he could hide from his tax liability,"
stated Special Agent in Charge Teri Alexander of IRS Criminal Investigation.
"What makes this case so egregious is that he consented that he owed the tax and
then immediately took exceptional actions to avoid his obligation to pay, all
while living a lavish lifestyle. This verdict today sends a strong message that
tax evasion will not and cannot be tolerated.  Americans who pay their fair
share can be confident that IRS Criminal Investigation will pursue those who do
not."

HAZELRIGG hid his assets for ten years, until the IRS liens expired.  After the
liens were removed, HAZELRIGG sent an email saying he was "legit again."
Following that email, HAZELRIGG took out loans in his own name, and purchased a
condo in his own name.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI).  The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Matthew
Diggs and Brian Werner.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           November 06, 2014 Thursday

Man convicted on charges / of mail fraud, tax evasion

BYLINE: Edith Brady-Lunny eblunny@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 242 words


PEORIA -- A Gibson City man faces a Feb. 19 sentencing on federal mail fraud and
tax evasion charges.

Carl Keiser, 61, was convicted by a federal jury last week of mail fraud and
illegal application of a pesticide inconsistent with its labeling. He was
previously convicted of four counts of tax evasion.

The defendant owned and operated Aquatic Control of Illinois, a business located
at his Gibson City Fishing and Camping Club.

During a weeklong trial in October, federal prosecutors presented evidence that
Kieser purchased large quantities of Diuron 80DF, a pesticide used for weed
control.

According to the government, Kieser mixed the pesticide with other ingredients
and sold it as a product to control lake weeds and algae.

Kieser sold and distributed the product from July 2007 to September 2012 and
earned more than $400,000 but failed to pay federal income tax from 2008 to
2011, said a statement from the U.S. attorney's office for the Central District
of Illinois.

"The guilty verdict is the result of strong coordination between EPA and our law
enforcement partners," said Randall Ashe, special agent in charge of the
Environmental Protection Agency's criminal enforcement program in Illinois.

Kieser faces 20 years in prison and fines up to $250,000 on mail fraud; five
years and fines of $100,000 for tax evasion and a year in jail with $50,000
fines for labeling offenses.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Eugene L. Miller is handling the case.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

ONYONYI : Recognise and reward top taxpayers and you'll be on the way to total
compliance

BYLINE: KENNEDY ONYONYI -1

LENGTH: 739  words


Three years ago while trying to get my bearing at a train station in
Pennsylvania, USA, I approached a man for assistance. He happened to be heading
to the University of Pennsylvania which, coincidentally, was my final
destination.

Three years ago while trying to get my bearing at a train station in
Pennsylvania, USA, I approached a man for assistance. He happened to be heading
to the University of Pennsylvania which, coincidentally, was my final
destination.
He was a Kenyan working for the World Bank. When I told him I worked for the
Kenya Revenue Authority, there was a sudden glow on his face. He narrated an
incident during a World Bank mission to Kenya when KRA rejected a World Bank
grant to support its  reform programmes. That was the first time in his
five-year career at the Bank to witness a developing country rejecting aid.


Over-reliance on aid has trapped developing nations in a vicious cycle of
dependency, corruption, market distortion and further poverty leaving them with
nothing but the need for more aid.
However, Kenya has freed itself from the shackles of dependency. Besides
mobilising resources through taxes which currently stand at 24 per cent of the
GDP, Kenya has registered significant increases in remittance by its nationals
overseas, which currently by far outstrip aid inflow. As a result the government
is able to finance 95 per cent of its expenditure using internally generated
resources.
Top taxpayers were Tuesday feted by the President at a ceremony that has
entrenched itself in the calendar of priority activities of the government.
To appreciate the rationale behind honouring compliant taxpayers, one must
acknowledge the key deterrents of tax evasion.
There are three steps in the staircase to tax evasion: first the taxpayer must
have the will not to comply. Secondly not everyone with inclination to evade
taxes is able to do it, and lastly, individuals inclined to avoid tax seek
opportunities to do so.
Tax administrations have over the years employed the use of coercive instruments
to solve the social dilemma of tax evasion, and Kenya Revenue Authority is no
exception.
However, over the past decade, there has been a gradual shift from deterring
non-compliance to positive encouragement of compliance, therefore emphasising
the 'carrot' rather than the stick.
Instead of raising the relative cost of not paying taxes, the instrument of
rewards raises the benefits of doing so. Rewards could be more effective than
punishments in eliminating undesirable behaviour.
JAMES MWANGI
The value attached to recognition and reward is amazing. While at KRA, taxpayers
would approach me to advise them on what to do to be recognised as top
taxpayers. They would go out of their way and 'sacrifice' the massive 'gains' to
take a picture with the President.  Earlier this year, the Nation serialised the
wealthiest people in Kenya. After carefully going through the list, my findings
corroborated the theory that the more wealth one amasses, the higher the
intrinsic motivation to evade paying tax.
Ordinarily, one would expect the wealthiest Kenyans to be the top taxpayers.
From the list that was published, only Dr James Mwangi regularly features among
the top taxpayers! Where are the rest?
This puts the relevance of policy instruments in damaging intrinsic motivation
not to pay taxes to the fore. Tax morale is not dampened if stricter policy is
directed at dishonest taxpayers irrespective of their status in society.
Regulations which prevent free riding by others help to preserve tax morale.
The KRA compliance model is one of the most progressive in the world. Severe
action is taken against tax evaders while support is extended to the compliant.
What is unique about the model is that it gives prominence to recognition and
reward without compromising the importance of coercive instruments of
compliance.
The government has played a significant role in spurring compliance by
initiating visible development projects. To be ranked the third best performing
government in the continent after being in power for hardly a year is by no
means a minor achievement.
Taxpayers can see the product of their sacrifice. This conforms with the norm of
reciprocity. The more the government provides public services, the more
taxpayers are willing to comply.
Mr Onyonyi is the director of Institutional Development and Capacity Building at
the African Tax Administration Forum, Pretoria.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 9, 2010 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-UBS Banker Reports to Prison

BYLINE: By BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 205 words


Bradley Birkenfeld, an informant in a federal investigation of offshore tax
evasion aided by UBS, reported to a federal prison in Pennsylvania on Friday to
start a 40-month prison term that he denounced as unfair.

Mr. Birkenfeld, who pleaded guilty in 2008 to conspiracy, told reporters he
should not be jailed for revealing how UBS  helped wealthy Americans evade
taxes.

UBS avoided prosecution in the United States by agreeing to pay $780 million,
disclosing data on more than 250 Swiss accounts, and admitting it helped foster
tax evasion. In August, UBS agreed to hand over data on another 4,450 accounts.

''I'd like to say how proud I am to be courageous enough to come forward to do
what I did to expose the largest tax fraud in the world,'' Mr. Birkenfeld, 44,
told reporters outside of the Schuylkill Federal Correctional Institution in
Minersville.

Mr. Birkenfeld, who was a banker at Zurich-based UBS for five years, was
sentenced to prison on Aug. 21 by Judge William J. Zloch of United States
District Court in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. A federal prosecutor, Kevin Downing,
recommended a 30-month sentence and said Mr. Birkenfeld's cooperation had
exposed a ''massive tax fraud scheme'' at UBS, Switzerland's largest bank.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bradley Birkenfeld (PHOTOGRAPH BY CAROLYN KASTER/ASSOCIATED
PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 25, 2009 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Yates tapped to replace Nahmias;
Nomination of acting U.S. attorney expected.;
Prosecutor had sent ex-Mayor Bill Campbell to jail for tax evasion.

BYLINE: Bob Keefe; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 490 words


WASHINGTON --- The prosecutor who sent former Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell to
jail on tax evasion charges has been nominated by President Barack Obama to be
the region's chief federal law enforcement officer.

Obama's nomination of Sally Quillian Yates as U.S. attorney for the Northern
District of Georgia had been expected.

She has served as acting U.S. attorney since August, when her predecessor, David
Nahmias, resigned to take a seat on the Georgia Supreme Court. Since then, she
has handled a number of high-profile cases.

Earlier this month, her office completed prosecution of two Atlanta area men on
terrorism charges. Ehsanul Islam Sadequee, 23, of Roswell was sentenced to 17
years in prison and co-defendant Syed Haris Ahmed, 25, of Atlanta was sentenced
to 13 years for providing support to terrorist groups and plotting terrorist
acts against the United States.

Yates' office in recent months also prosecuted a couple from Winston who pleaded
guilty to running a mortgage fraud operation; a Miami man sentenced for running
a million-dollar Medicaid fraud business; and an Ellenwood minister and his wife
accused of human trafficking and immigration violations.

Her most prominent prosecution, however, was of Bill Campbell, Atlanta's mayor
from 1994-2002.

Campbell had been charged with racketeering and bribery after an extensive
investigation and prosecution led by Yates. He was ultimately convicted only of
tax evasion. He served about two years in prison before being freed in October
2008.

Yates was recommended to Obama by the state's Democratic congressmen on the
advice of an advisory panel of 11 lawyers and elected officials.

But her recommendation didn't come without controversy. She was one of several
people recommended for the job. At one point, her recommendation was apparently
withdrawn at least in part because of pressure from Campbell supporters who
decried her prosecution of the former mayor as too aggressive.

In 2006, Yates defended her prosecution of the former mayor and denied
allegations by Campbell that she was on a "witch hunt."

"We would have been derelict in our duty if we had not tried this case," she
said at the time, according to news reports.

Yates has worked in the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta since 1989. She has
served twice as acting U.S. attorney; she also held the role in 2004 before
Nahmias was tapped for the job.

From 1986 to 1989, Yates was an attorney at the private law firm of King &
Spalding. She graduated from the University of Georgia in 1982 and the
University of Georgia School of Law in 1986.

Her nomination is for a four-year term; it still requires Senate approval.

Yates' nomination was part of a flurry of judicial nominations announced by the
president before he left for Hawaii on vacation and the Senate adjourned for the
year.

The White House also announced the nomination of six other U.S. attorneys, two
judges and several other judicial appointments in other states.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

St. Louis area United Way clears official of wrongdoing Memo says Cheryl Polk
isn't connected to her husband's legal woes. He has admitted defrauding MSD and
evading taxes.

BYLINE: By Robert Patrick ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 382 words


The United Way of Greater St. Louis has cleared one of its executives of
wrongdoing after her husband pleaded guilty earlier this year to federal charges
related to tax evasion and fraud.

A memo to the charity's board of directors says that Cheryl Polk, executive vice
president and chief operating officer, was not involved in any impropriety or
conflict of interest, and that the organization is not connected to any of her
husband's legal troubles.

The United Way provided a copy of the July 19 memo, which was written by board
Chair David Steward and President and CEO Gary Dollar, to the Post-Dispatch on
Tuesday.

Polk's husband, Charles E. Polk Jr., pleaded guilty in April of defrauding the
Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District of $45,190 while working as general
counsel there. He also pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge. Prosecutors claim
that he failed to file income tax returns and avoided paying $470,000 owed from
1998 to 2002.

Charles Polk's sentencing is set for Aug. 31 in federal court in St. Louis.

The Missouri Supreme Court's Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel suspended
Charles Polk's law license June 14, pending the final outcome of his criminal
case.

Also, a St. Louis County circuit judge recently ordered the Polks to pay a
former business associate $3.6 million to resolve a civil suit over a failed
plan to represent survivors and heirs of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.

The couple presented no defense in the case, but Charles Polk acted as his own
lawyer in a two-day trial over the amount of damages.

Cheryl Polk, of St. Charles, could not be reached for comment. United Way
spokeswoman Lisa Richter declined to make Cheryl Polk, Steward and Dollar
available for an interview.

The memo says that no criminal charges have been filed or are pending against
Cheryl Polk, and that she has filed all her personal tax returns during the
years for which her husband has been investigated and since that time.

The memo says that a judge entered a default judgment in the civil case when
Cheryl Polk mistakenly thought she had a lawyer, and that the case is being
appealed.

"Cheryl Polk is a valued member of the United Way team, who has a strong
personal commitment to the St. Louis community," the memo says. "We look forward
to her continued service to our community."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 04, 1995, Monday

SLUGGER LEGENDS EYED IN TAX DODGE

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH

SECTION: News; Pg.  3

LENGTH: 711 words


Federal authorities believe a troupe of baseball legends pocketed nearly $
250,000 in cash for signing autographs and never reported it to the Internal
Revenue Service.

Hank Aaron, Ernie Banks, Reggie Jackson, Harmon Killebrew, Eddie Mathews, Frank
Robinson, Mike Schmidt and the late Mickey Mantle are among the stars believed
to have dodged the tax man, according to a confidential federal report obtained
by the Daily News.

Two other baseball stars listed in the report ex-Brooklyn Dodger Duke Snider and
ex-San Francisco Giant Willie McCovey have pleaded guilty to tax evasion charges
for hiding cash earned selling their autographs.

But attorneys and agents for some of the players say several may still be
indicted or hit with civil fines before the statute of limitations on the
charges runs out April 15.

The IRS zeroed in on the lucrative baseball memorabilia industry in the late
1980s as promoters offered huge cash fees for autographs and public appearances.

The report found that the elite players took home $ 243,100 during a three-day
memorabilia event called Super Show I, held Jan. 14-16, 1989, at the TropWorld
Casino and Hotel in Atlantic City.

Super Show I considered the biggest baseball memorabilia event ever featured the
11 living players who'd hit 500 home runs, plus Duke Snider and Cincinnati Reds
greats Pete Rose and Tony Perez.

So far, two of the event's promoters have pleaded guilty to tax evasion and
implicated nearly all of the participants, the report states.

Law enforcement sources say the players received their fees mostly cash ranging
from $ 3,600 for Ernie Banks to $ 57,000 for Mickey Mantle to sign bats, balls,
T-shirts and cards.

After a two-year probe, IRS criminal division agents concluded only two of the
players Willie Mays and Ted Williams reported payments on their tax forms. Mays
received $ 19,000, Williams an unspecified amount.

The report says promoters William Hongach and Michael Bertolini who both pleaded
guilty to tax evasion charges last year handed out envelopes of cash before the
players even lifted a pen.

With Robinson, for example, they delivered $ 26,500 of his total $ 39,000
payment in three bundles during the show, the report states.

None of the payments was reported as income on Robinson's 1989 return, the
report said.

Robinson, reached at the Baltimore Orioles' front office where he is now a vice
president, said prosecutors told him he won't be charged criminally. "I talked
to those people and it's been resolved," he said.

The report says Mantle received cash payments of $ 27,000 and $ 30,000. None of
the cash was declared on his tax forms.

Mantle's attorney, Robert Fink, confirmed that at least some of the income was
not reported, but said prosecutors declined to charge Mantle after Fink made a
"half-day presentation" showing Mantle knew nothing about what was reported on
his tax statements.

Reggie Jackson broke his left hand shortly before the show and couldn't sign
autographs but received $ 15,000 anyway, which the report says was not reported.
But his attorney, Jack Tigue, said the cash was deposited into Jackson's bank
account and showed up as income on his 1989 statement.

Schmidt allegedly did not report $ 5,000 of his $ 20,000 payment and structured
the other $ 15,000 through three Pennsylvania bank accounts "to avoid filing a
currency transaction report" required of all deposits of more than $ 10,000, the
report states.

Schmidt could not be reached for comment, but his agent, Arthur Rosenberg, said,
"As far as I can tell you, all the taxes were paid."

IRS agents could not determine whether Rose reported his $ 20,000 fee or Perez
declared the $ 4,500 he took home. The other players Aaron, Banks, Killebrew,
and Mathews failed to report their payments, the report states.

Bob Allen, agent for Aaron and Killebrew, said he was unaware that his clients
had failed to report the income and had no further comment. Representatives for
Banks and Mathews could not be reached.

Charles Franssen, chief of the IRS' New York criminal division, would not
comment on the continuing investigation except to say that it had been expanded.
"We're now looking at all sports memorabilia," he said.


LOAD-DATE: December 05, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BASEBALL GREATS (from l.) Reggie Jackson, Mickey Mantle, Mike Schmidt
and Harmon Killebrew didn't report income, IRS says.  HIT: Eddie Mathews (l.)
and Hank Aaron dodged taxes, feds say.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Salem News (Beverly, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2009 Tuesday

Couple charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Julie Manganis, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Apr. 7--MIDDLETON -- A Middleton couple were arrested yesterday by federal
agents on tax-evasion charges involving millions of unreported dollars from a
scrap metal business they owned.

Joseph "Junior" Pingaro Jr., 53, and his wife, Christine Scola, 50, of 12 Jones
Road were named in a 67-count indictment alleging conspiracy, filing false tax
returns and tax evasion. A federal grand jury handed up the indictments last
week following a lengthy investigation by the FBI, the Internal Revenue Service
criminal investigation division and the U.S. attorney's office.

Prosecutors allege that over a five-year period between 2001 and 2006, the
couple transferred millions of dollars in income from their Roxbury business,
J&J Metals, to a personal checking account at the Saugus Federal Credit Union.

Scola then withdrew large amounts of the money, a total of approximately $3
million, in $9,900 increments, so she could avoid the transactions being
reported to regulators. The couple lived on that money, while dramatically
under-reporting their personal income to avoid paying taxes, prosecutors allege.

They also avoided business taxes by over-reporting the business's expenses,
prosecutors allege.

The couple also gave friends cash and asked them to purchase cashiers checks,
which the couple then used to purchase their Middleton home in 2004, prosecutors
allege.

The couple were arraigned yesterday in U.S. District Court in Boston, where
Judge Patti Saris released them on $100,000 bond. Pingaro's bond will be
secured, meaning he will have to pledge personal property and risks losing that
property if he defaults.

If convicted, the couple could face decades in prison.

Prosecutors are also seeking the forfeiture of $3 million in assets, as well as
the couple's home. Investigators had already seized more than $300,000 from the
couple's home in July 2006, during their investigation.

To see more of The Salem News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.salemnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090407-ZS-Couple-charged-with-tax-evasion-0407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                                 Copyright 2009


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday

Washington State man arrested in Las Cruces on tax evasion charges

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


To see court documents related to tax charges against Washington state man,
click here or here.

LAS CRUCES   A Washington state man wanted on charges of tax evasion was
arrested by IRS agents Tuesday in Las Cruces.

On Friday, a U.S. magistrate judge in Las Cruces released William Robertson, 67,
of Everett, Wash., on an unsecured bond and ordered him to appear in Seattle to
face the charges.

Robertson, who owned and controlled various restaurants operating under the Hot
Rod Café name, was indicted last month by a federal grand jury in Seattle on two
counts of willful failure to pay taxes and one count of tax evasion, according
to a news release.

According to the indictment, in 2004 and 2005, Robertson was the owner of the
Hot Rod Café in Mountlake Terrace, Wash. During those years, Robertson allegedly
withheld about $36,503 from employees' pay for Social Security, Medicare and
income taxes. Robertson failed to pay the money to the government for his
employees' taxes.

Additionally, in 2005, he controlled HRC Enterprises Inc. The company operated a
restaurant in Mukilteo, Wash., which was also called the Hot Rod Café. The
indictment alleges that Robertson withheld about $2,951 from employee checks,
but failed to make the payment for the Social Security, Medicare and income
taxes.

The final count of tax evasion concerns penalties assessed to Robertson in 1996
and 1997, again for failing to pay the trust fund portion of employment taxes
and withheld employee income taxes. Between 1992 and 1996, Robertson operated
various restaurants and was responsible for the tax payments. When he failed to
make the payments, the IRS imposed penalties totaling more than $491,000.

According to the indictment, Robertson tried to evade payment of these penalties
by hiding his ownership of two corporations: Seabill Inc. and SMB Enterprises
Inc., by filing false income tax returns, and by making false claims to IRS
agents.

Robertson faces up to five years in prison on each charge and a $250,000 fine.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a
court of law.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Vitter Pushes DOJ for Information on HSBC Drug Money Laundering, Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator David Vitter, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator David Vitter (R-La.), member of the Senate Judiciary Committee,
today sent a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder pushing for information
regarding alleged tax evasion and money laundering by megabank HSBC in 2012.
HSBC was charged with allowing a massive billion dollar money laundering scheme
that involved Mexican drug cartels and international terrorist organizations,
but was punished with a minor monetary penalty. U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch,
nominee to replace Holder as Attorney General, allowed HSBC to reach an
agreement that avoids prosecution, instead of immediately pursuing criminal
charges.

"This case has been completely swept under the rug, but it provides significant
insight into how Loretta Lynch would act as our country's top law enforcement
official," Vitter said. "If she completely ignored serious tax evasion
allegations against HSBC that put the identities of American citizens at risk,
we need to know a heck of a lot more about it."

Lynch's nomination was scheduled to receive a vote in the Senate Judiciary
Committee last week, but Vitter and others requested a hold-over. The vote on
her confirmation has been delayed.

Prior to the nomination hearings, Lynch failed to include in her questionnaire
an interview in which she defended the HSBC settlement. Vitter submitted a
question for the record asking Lynch how she will handle oversight of this
settlement given the role she played in negotiating it. Click here to read more.

In 2012, HSBC entered into an agreement for $1.26 billion and paid another $665
million in penalties to avoid criminal prosecution. These amounts represent a
small fraction of HSBC's assets. Vitter has been in touch with a whistleblower
who is a former HSBC employee. Click here to read more.

HSBC continues to face similar allegations around the world. Yesterday, Swiss
prosecutors raided HSBC's offices in Geneva based on allegations of tax evasion
and money laundering. Click here to read more.

The text of the letter is below.


The Honorable Eric H. Holder, Jr.
Attorney General
U.S. Department of Justice
950 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
Washington, D.C. 20530-0001

Dear Attorney General Holder:

As the Senate considers the nomination of the next Attorney General of the
United States, questions remain unanswered about potentially lax treatment of
HSBC Bank USA (HSBC) by the Department of Justice. The handling of this case is
particularly important given the insight it gives the Senate into the decisions
made by Loretta Lynch, who was in charge of the US Attorney's office and the
case at the time. To further the Senate's consideration of her nomination, I
request you supply me and the rest of the Senate Judiciary Committee with any
documents from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in regard to HSBC, as well as
the other documents enumerated below in regard to the HSBC settlement.

These decisions by the DOJ and Ms. Lynch's office raise troubling questions
about whether pertinent information of public concern regarding HSBC was "swept
under the rug", if justice was served, and why HSBC was given special treatment
that allowed it to walk away from such serious offenses unscathed. This case is
increasingly relevant and pressing now that Ms. Lynch has been nominated as the
next Attorney General.

If media reports are true, knowledge of HSBC shielding clients from US tax
liabilities was known to the Department of Justice at least as early as April
2010, yet no criminal charges have ever been brought against HSBC for tax
evasion. Moreover, in 2012 the US Attorney's Office run by Ms. Lynch negotiated
a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with HSBC that allowed HSBC to admit
guilt for the crimes of money laundering and facilitating transactions with
sanctioned countries, but avoid criminal prosecution for those infractions.

Accordingly, as a member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, I request that the
Department of Justice (DOJ) provide the following information:

1) Copies of all documents and information in DOJ's possession reflecting when
the DOJ first learned that HSBC may be involved in tax evasion, including but
not limited to any recommendations from the IRS in regard to HSBC and tax
evasion;

2) Copies of all documents and information in DOJ's possession, including but
not limited to information received from French authorities or any other
persons, governments or entities, reflecting evidence that HSBC was shielding
clients from tax liabilities;

3) Copies of all documents and information relating to the negotiation of the
DPA with HSBC; and

4) Copies of all documents and information relating to why DOJ chose not to
prosecute HSBC for tax evasion, fraud, money laundering, facilitating
transactions with sanctioned countries or any other crimes.

Please deliver copies of this information to my Senate office in Hart Senate
Office Building Room 516, and in electronic form to Travis Johnson at
Travis_Johnson@Vitter.Senate.Gov by February 23, 2015. Should you have any
questions, please contact Travis in my office at (202) 224-4623.

Sincerely,


David Vitter
United States Senate

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

United Way clears official of wrongdoing Memo says Cheryl Polk isn't connected
to her husband's legal woes.

BYLINE: By Robert Patrick ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 370 words


The United Way of Greater St. Louis has cleared one of its executives of
wrongdoing after her husband pleaded guilty earlier this year to federal charges
related to tax evasion and fraud.

A memo to the charity's board of directors says that Cheryl Polk, executive vice
president and chief operating officer, was not involved in any impropriety or
conflict of interest, and that the organization is not connected to any of her
husband's legal troubles.

The United Way provided a copy of the July 19 memo, which was written by board
Chair David Steward and President and CEO Gary Dollar, to the Post-Dispatch on
Tuesday.

Polk's husband, Charles E. Polk Jr., pleaded guilty in April of defrauding the
Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District of $45,190 while working as general
counsel there. He also pleaded guilty to a tax evasion charge. Prosecutors claim
that he failed to file income tax returns and avoided paying $470,000 owed from
1998 to 2002.

Charles Polk's sentencing is set for Aug. 31.

The Missouri Supreme Court's Office of Chief Disciplinary Counsel suspended
Charles Polk's law license June 14, pending the final outcome of his criminal
case.

Also, a St. Louis County circuit judge recently ordered the Polks to pay a
former business associate $3.6 million to resolve a civil suit over a failed
plan to represent survivors and heirs of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing.

The couple presented no defense in the case, but Charles Polk acted as his own
lawyer in a two-day trial over the amount of damages.

Cheryl Polk, of St. Charles, could not be reached for comment. United Way
spokeswoman Lisa Richter declined to make Cheryl Polk, Steward and Dollar
available for an interview.

The memo says that no improprieties were found in United Way contracts signed
between Jan. 1, 2004, and April 30, 2006. Polk started at the United Way before
2004 and has been performing her normal duties while the investigation was under
way, Richter said. Richter said she did not know why the Jan. 1, 2004, date was
chosen.

The memo says that no charges have been filed or are pending against Cheryl
Polk, and that she has filed all her personal tax returns during the years for
which her husband has been investigated and since that time.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 5, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

Alexandria School Split on Future Of Counselor Convicted in Tax Case

Steve Bates, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 683 words


Nearly two months after the guidance director at Alexandria's T.C. Williams High
School pleaded guilty to tax evasion, parents and school officials are divided
over whether he should keep his job.

Some parents are pushing to keep James E. McClure, 55, who has been the chief
counselor at the city's only public high school for more than 20 years, arguing
that students can learn from his mistake.

Others say his behavior shows he is not a proper role model.

"There are strong feelings on both sides in the community," School Board member
Stephen Kenealy said.

The case will force a tough choice by the city's first elected School Board,
which took office a month ago with a pledge to regain the public's confidence in
the 10,000-student system.

In April, McClure, of Springfield, was indicted on four counts of tax evasion.

The Internal Revenue Service said that he failed to report more than $ 125,000
in income over four years and that he provided false documents during an audit
in an attempt to support deductions.

McClure, who has agreed to make restitution, pleaded guilty in June to one
felony count of tax evasion and is scheduled to be sentenced Sept. 16 in U.S.
District Court in Alexandria.

He faces a maximum five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine.

"Nobody is above making a mistake," said Carol LaSasso, a parent active in
school issues.

If McClure keeps his job, she said, he can show students that "if you make a
mistake, you're going to have to pay the consequences."

LaSasso and other backers are sending letters and making telephone calls to
Judge Albert V. Bryan Jr., who will sentence McClure, and to city and state
education officials, who will decide whether he'll lose his teaching license.

Mayor Patricia S. Ticer (D) said she would like to see McClure stay. "You want
the kids to know that there's right and wrong and to be responsible for their
actions," she said. "But you don't want them to think there is never redemption
or forgiveness."

Others said McClure has no place in school administration at a time when parents
and educators are calling for tougher standards in student behavior.

School Board member Charles W. Linderman said McClure's supporters should ask
themselves, "What does this look like to the families coming into the school
system" and to "our peers around the state?"

"It is a federal felony offense," School Board member Patricia Hennig said.
"There are people in the city who are out to canonize him, and there are people
in the city who are out to crucify him. I'm not a proponent of either, but don't
look for any puffs of white smoke."

McClure joined the school system in 1968 and has headed the T.C. Williams
counseling department since 1973. He continues to report to his office daily and
is paid about $ 65,000 a year.

McClure has developed a reputation not only for solving students' personal
problems and helping them get into college, but also for helping parents cope
with their children's woes.

He said that he has heard from parents who think he should leave but that most
who have contacted him want him to stay.

"I have a conscience," McClure said.

"I know that standards have to be set for young people. Philosophically
speaking, can I talk about honesty and integrity with the kids and be a
convicted felon at the same time? It could be very positive" to discuss how he
failed and students must not, he said.

Acting Superintendent Maxine Wood is preparing a report for the School Board on
McClure's case. The School Board can ask state education officials to consider
revoking McClure's teaching license. It also can consider its own disciplinary
action.

Parents who are lobbying to keep McClure at T.C. Williams said they are not
organized, just acting as concerned individuals.

"Jim is absolutely essential to the smooth functioning of the school system this
year," LaSasso said.

School Board member Henry Brooks said he has mixed feelings.

"It's not a violent crime. It's not a crime against children," Brooks said. But
he said, "If he's incarcerated, our options may be very limited."


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday

Ja Rule: Pleads guilty in tax case

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 128 words


Thursday March 24, 2011

NEWARK, N.J. -- Rapper and actor Ja Rule admitted Tuesday that he failed to pay
taxes on more than $3 million in income, pleading guilty to tax evasion in
federal court in New Jersey.

The platinum-selling rapper earned the money between 2004 and 2006.

As part of a plea agreement, the government dismissed two counts against him for
unpaid taxes on income earned in 2007 and 2008.

Ja Rule, 35, whose real name is Jeffrey Atkins, is expected to be sentenced on
the tax evasion charges in June. He faces up to one year in prison and $100,000
in fines on each count.

He also faces sentencing June 8 in New York on a weapon possession charge that
he pleaded guilty to in December. He has agreed to a two-year prison term in
that case.

-- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 28, 1997, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Tennis star Graf still target of tax-evasion probe

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 444 words


   German prosecutors said yesterday they were still investigating tennis star
Steffi Graf, whose father was found guilty last week of evading millions of
dollars in tax on her earnings.

Although the judge who sentenced Graf's father, Peter, on six counts of actual
and attempted tax evasion recommended the investigation be dropped, Mannheim
prosecutor Hubert Jobski said the probe would continue, adding, "I wouldn't like
to speculate about the outcome of the investigation."

Steffi Graf, whose career tennis earnings are estimated at more than $61
million, has told tax investigators she entrusted her financial affairs to her
father from an early age and had little idea how her money was managed. However,
Jobski said that, by law, she was still responsible for her own tax
declarations.

Peter Graf, 58, was sentenced last Friday to three years and nine months in jail
for evading $7.3 million in taxes on his daughter's earnings from 1989 to 1993,
and attempting to evade paying another $1.8 million. Former family tax adviser
Joachim Eckardt, 48, received a 30- month sentence after being convicted of
attempted tax evasion and being an accessory.

Jobski said he intends to appeal both sentences.

TRACK AND FIELD: Carl Lewis finished in a tie for seventh yesterday at 100-metre
race in Sydney, his second disappointing performance in three days. Lewis,
seventh in Auckland on Friday night in a time of 10.76 seconds, was across this
time in 10.56.

ALPINE SKIING: Bibiana Perez, one of the best downhillers on the Italian team,
sustained a concussion when she crashed during a training run at Cortina
d'Ampezzo, Italy, yesterday. While her condition was not serious, doctors
couldn't immediately say if she'd be able to start in next week's world
championships.

CURLING:

The countdown to the Labatt Brier in Calgary still has 40 days to go, but local
organizers have their arms raised in victory. Advance ticket sales have
surpassed the 155,000 mark, breaking the record of 151,538 set in Saskatoon in
1989.

* Agnes Charette and her Quebec rink remained unbeaten yesterday after five
rounds at the Canadian Senior Ladies Curling Championships in Thornhill. The
veteran skip from Buckingham, Que., earned her second win of the day last night,
a 10-0 shutout over Northern Ontario's Pat Dayes.

AUTO RACING: Davy Jones, injured last week in a crash during practice for the
Indy 200, remained in serious but stable condition with a closed head injury and
has been transferred from the Orlando Regional Medical Center to Methodist
Hospital in Indianapolis, which is known for its treatment of race-related
injuries.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: STEFFI GRAF: Top-ranked player's career earnings exceed$61
million. Sports DigestSports; Digest

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Fayetteville Man Sentenced to 18 Months for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Edward J. Purcell, Sr., age 65, of Fayetteville, New York, was sentenced today
to serve 18 months in prison for tax evasion.

The announcement was made by United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian and
Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation's
New York Field Office.  U.S. District Judge David N. Hurd also sentenced Purcell
to 3 years of supervised release, to begin after his release from prison, and
also ordered him to pay $347,128 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service
("IRS").  In December 2015, Purcell pled guilty to one count of tax evasion.
During the years 2008 through 2010, Purcell owned and operated American Roofing
Company ("ARC") in the Syracuse area.  In this time period, he failed to report
any of the income he received from ARC by not filing federal income tax returns,
despite receiving taxable income in the amount of $655,937.  For the tax years
2008, 2009, and 2010, Purcell willfully evaded the payment of taxes on his
individual income, which totaled $150,980, $333,614, and $171,343, respectively.
The total tax loss for the years 2008 through 2010 was $231,362.  Purcell also
agreed to repay the IRS an additional $115,766, representing the tax loss for
2007.  Purcell concealed his income by depositing checks payable to ARC into
nominee bank accounts, which he controlled through powers of attorney.  Purcell
set up these bank accounts in the names of his close friends and family members
for the purpose of concealing his income from the IRS.  This case was
investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney Ransom P. Reynolds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

Woman gets 41-month sentence for embezzling funds from Lafayette employer

BYLINE: By Erin Ivie eivie@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 299 words


OAKLAND -- A Southern California woman was sentenced to 41 months in prison
Wednesday for a tax evasion and embezzlement scheme that defrauded the IRS and a
Lafayette-based real estate firm of nearly $2 million, attorneys said.

Kristie Gale Meyer, 56, of Woodland Hills, was ordered to pay $1.3 million in
restitution for her role in a complex scheme to defraud her employer,
Lafayette-based Ansil Realty & Investment, and its partner, KLP Properties,
United States Attorney Melinda Haag said. In addition, Meyer must pay $584,092
to the IRS for three years of continuous tax evasion.

While working as Ansil's secretary, office manager and bookkeeper, Meyer paid
her own credit card bills through the company's bank account, withdrew cash
advances for her own use and used company money on online gambling websites,
according to the plea agreement. She also made deposits directly to her own bank
account and wrote checks out of the company's accounts for her own purchases.

According to Haag, Meyer tried to hide the activity by destroying copies of the
fraudulent checks and then entering the transactions into the companies'
accounting system to make them look like legitimate business expenditures.

Meyer also admitted to dodging a large part of the income tax she owed from 2006
to 2008 by filing returns claiming her taxable income was far less than what she
was really earning, Haag said.

Meyer pleaded guilty on Nov. 21 to one count of mail fraud and one count of tax
evasion following her 2010 indictment on 10 counts of wire fraud and three
counts of tax evasion, Haag said. U.S. District Court Judge Phyllis J. Hamilton
sentenced Meyer to 41 months in prison followed by three years' supervised
release.

Contact Erin Ivie ateivie@bayareanewsgroup.com . Follow her
atTwitter.com/erin_ivie .

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 16, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Extra Community Service, U.S. Tells Leona Helmsley

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section 1;   Page 23;   Column 5;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 633 words


Concluding that Leona Helmsley's employees did some of the community service she
was required to perform as part of her penalty for tax evasion, a Federal judge
in Manhattan yesterday ordered another 150 hours of community work added to her
sentence.

But the additional time imposed by Judge Thomas P. Griesa of Federal District
Court was far less than the 400 hours that Federal probation officials had asked
for, even though Mrs. Helmsley's lawyer, Arthur Liman, had previously agreed
that 400 hours was "fair and acceptable."

Judge Griesa further ordered yesterday that Mrs. Helmley not be made to do
menial work, like the envelope stuffing she was previously assigned, but work
commensurate with her talents as the manager of her husband, Harry's, hotel
empire.

He also directed that her community service be performed in the New York area,
where she can be more closely supervised.

It was Judge Griesa himself who raised the issue of how much time Mrs. Helmsley
should give to community service. He noted that it might be "wholly unnecessary"
for a judge to question an agreement reached between the prosecution and the
defense, but said he intervened "because it is uniquely the responsibility of a
judge to impose sentence." And, he added, "It has often happened that the judge
does not accept the agreement."

"It may be appropriate to impose an obligation now," Judge Griesa said, alluding
to the 400 hours, "but it also may be, in my view, too much."

Judge Griesa cited Mrs. Helmsley's age -- she is 74 -- as a factor in his
decision. He said she had already fulfilled the more severe parts of her
sentence, serving a 21-month prison term and paying a $6.3 million fine in
addition to $1.2 million in Federal taxes and $469,000 in state taxes, as well
as penalties.

Mrs. Helmsley was convicted in 1989 on charges of income tax evasion and mail
fraud for deducting personal expenses as business costs. She was sentenced to 30
months in prison, which Judge Griesa later reduced to 21 months because of the
ill health of her husband, Harry.

She entered Federal prison in Danbury, Conn., on April 15, 1992 -- the deadline
for filing income tax. After 18 months, she was sent to a Manhattan halfway
house for one month and then was confined for two months in her penthouse
apartment on Central Park South.

Afterward, as a condition of her three years of probation, Mrs. Helmsley was
required to perform 750 hours of community service, or 250 hours a year.

She was assigned to a hospital in Scottsdale, Ariz., near a Helmsley winter home
in Paradise Valley, Ariz., where she was required to stuff envelopes and to wrap
presents for volunteers to give to patients.

Her lawyer, Mr. Liman, told the court that Mrs. Helmsley had tried to carry out
the tasks "in good faith." But, he claimed, because she had been "vilified" in
the media, members of the hospital staff "gawked at her" and were "less than
charitable." As a result, the hospital could no longer "accommodate" her
presence.

She was them ordered to do the tasks in the Helmsley home. There, Judge Griesa
said, she "did obtain the help of household employees."

Judge Griesa said it was impossible to determine how many hours of community
service Mrs. Helmsley had actually performed. But, he added, the amount she
should be made to work must be realistic.

He suggested 100 hours.

The assistant United States Attorney, Cathy Seibel, did not agree. Then, Thomas
Eich, the supervising Federal probation officer, suggested 150 hours, noting it
would take any agency to which she was assigned time to train her.

Mrs. Helmsley was not present in court. Afterward, Mr. Liman refused to discuss
how she would react to the judge's ruling. Ms. Seibel, the Federal lawyer, also
declined to comment on the judge's ruling.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Massachusetts Dentist Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A federal grand jury in Boston has indicted George Fenzell for tax evasion and
corruptly endeavoring to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the
Justice Department and the IRS announced today following the unsealing of the
indictment. Fenzell, of Douglas, Mass., is a practicing dentist with offices in
Shrewsbury, Mass., and Brookline, N.H.

According to the indictment, from 1999 through 2012, Fenzell engaged in conduct
intended to obstruct the IRS from computing, assessing and collecting his income
taxes. He stopped filing timely tax returns and allegedly tried to conceal his
dental practice income in a variety of ways. The indictment alleges that Fenzell
used nominee entities, including River Valley Dental and Brookline Dental
Associates Trust, to conceal his dental practice receipts. The indictment also
alleges that he used multiple bank accounts in three separate states, including
commingled accounts maintained by third parties, to conceal his ownership of
funds. According to the indictment, Fenzell used nominees as trustees to make it
appear as though other individuals owned and controlled his assets and income.
Finally, Fenzell allegedly falsified his delinquent 2006 and 2007 tax returns
and made extensive use of cash in order to conceal his fraud.

The indictment further alleges that in 2007, Fenzell, prompted in part by a
Massachusetts Department of Revenue investigation, filed delinquent federal tax
returns for tax years 2000 through 2005. Those returns allegedly reported that
he owed approximately $129,000 in federal income taxes for these years, which
resulted in a total of more than $300,000 including interest and penalties.
According to the indictment, between 2007 and 2012, Fenzell allegedly sought to
evade IRS collection by making his business receipts payable to nominee entities
and by using nominee bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island to divert and
hide collectible income and assets. The indictment also alleges that Fenzell
failed to file his 2008 through 2011 tax returns at that time required by law,
and used nominee entities and accounts in an effort to evade his taxes.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and the defendant
is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law. If convicted, Fenzell faces a statutory maximum potential sentence of five
years in prison for each count of tax evasion and a statutory maximum potential
sentence of three years in prison for the count of corruptly endeavoring to
obstruct the IRS.

This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation Special Agents. It is
being prosecuted by Assistant Chief John N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney Robert
Kennedy of the Tax Division.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Washington: Massachusetts Dentist Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A federal grand jury in Boston has indicted George Fenzell for tax evasion and
corruptly endeavoring to obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), the
Justice Department and the IRS announced today following the unsealing of the
indictment. Fenzell, of Douglas, Mass., is a practicing dentist with offices in
Shrewsbury, Mass., and Brookline, N.H.

According to the indictment, from 1999 through 2012, Fenzell engaged in conduct
intended to obstruct the IRS from computing, assessing and collecting his income
taxes. He stopped filing timely tax returns and allegedly tried to conceal his
dental practice income in a variety of ways. The indictment alleges that Fenzell
used nominee entities, including River Valley Dental and Brookline Dental
Associates Trust, to conceal his dental practice receipts. The indictment also
alleges that he used multiple bank accounts in three separate states, including
commingled accounts maintained by third parties, to conceal his ownership of
funds. According to the indictment, Fenzell used nominees as trustees to make it
appear as though other individuals owned and controlled his assets and income.
Finally, Fenzell allegedly falsified his delinquent 2006 and 2007 tax returns
and made extensive use of cash in order to conceal his fraud.

The indictment further alleges that in 2007, Fenzell, prompted in part by a
Massachusetts Department of Revenue investigation, filed delinquent federal tax
returns for tax years 2000 through 2005. Those returns allegedly reported that
he owed approximately $129,000 in federal income taxes for these years, which
resulted in a total of more than $300,000 including interest and penalties.
According to the indictment, between 2007 and 2012, Fenzell allegedly sought to
evade IRS collection by making his business receipts payable to nominee entities
and by using nominee bank accounts in Florida and Rhode Island to divert and
hide collectible income and assets. The indictment also alleges that Fenzell
failed to file his 2008 through 2011 tax returns at that time required by law,
and used nominee entities and accounts in an effort to evade his taxes.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and the defendant
is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law. If convicted, Fenzell faces a statutory maximum potential sentence of five
years in prison for each count of tax evasion and a statutory maximum potential
sentence of three years in prison for the count of corruptly endeavoring to
obstruct the IRS.

This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation Special Agents. It is
being prosecuted by Assistant Chief John N. Kane Jr. and Trial Attorney Robert
Kennedy of the Tax Division.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

STATE BRIEFS;

BYLINE:

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 695 words


ADAMS COUNTY GETS NEW TREASURER

HASTINGS - Adams County has named a new treasurer.

The Board of Supervisors has appointed Deputy Treasurer Beverly Davis to the
post.

Davis will be sworn in on Feb. 2. She replaces former Treasurer Julia Moeller,
who resigned earlier this month amid a tax evasion scandal.

Moeller is accused of working with her daughter, Michallan Parr, to avoid paying
sales tax on a new motor home.

Moeller faces charges of official misconduct, abuse of public records and tax
evasion.

TWO DEAD IN FIRE AT GRAND ISLAND

GRAND ISLAND - Grand Island fire officials say two people have died in a mobile
home fire.

Fire Capt. Bryan Stutzman said the two were found in a back bedroom of the home
after the fire was reported after midnight Tuesday.

Stutzman said the two appeared to be adults, but officials were not prepared
Tuesday afternoon to identify the victims.

The mobile home was engulfed in flames when firefighters arrived. Stutzman said
firefighters were unaware the home was occupied until a neighbor said someone
might be inside.

The State Fire Marshal's Office said careless handling of smoking materials
ignited a large overstuffed chair, starting the fire.

BLAIR MAN ACCUSED OF TEEN SEX ASSAULT

BLAIR - A 27-year-old Blair man is behind bars, accused of having a sexual
relationship with a 15-year-old girl he had taken to southwestern Missouri to
live with him.

Wayne Smith's bail has been set at $100,000. He is charged with first-degree
sexual assault of a minor, harboring an escaped juvenile and contributing to the
delinquency of a minor.

The girl's family reported her missing in July. She had been living with her
father in Blair, but at the time of her disappearance, the Nebraska Department
of Health and Human Services was conducting an evaluation to place her in the
state's care.

Detectives said they found the girl living near Purdy, Mo.

MAN ACCUSED IN FATAL CRASH NOW IN JAIL

NORTH PLATTE - A 36-yearold Nebraska man arrested last fall in the death of a
former Arapahoe volleyball coach is now in jail for driving drunk.

Herchel Huff was sentenced earlier this month in Lincoln County District Court
to 30 days in jail for his second DUI offense. He also was fined $500 and had
his license revoked for a year.

He still faces charges in the Oct. 3 death of Kasey Jo Warner of Arapahoe.

The Furnas County Sheriff's Office said Warner was walking with her 3-year old
daughter when Huff hit the pair with his car. Warner's daughter survived; Warner
was killed.

OMAHA MAYOR SAYS PENSION FUND IN PERIL

OMAHA - Omaha Mayor Mike Fahey is laying out challenges his successor will face,
including a pension fund in danger of collapsing.

The Democrat gave his State of the City address Tuesday. He's not seeking
re-election and leaves office in June.

The shortfall in the city's pension fund for police officers and firefighters is
more than $350 million. Fahey said the economic downturn and the current benefit
structure were to blame.

A major problem, he said, is so-called pension spiking. Workers put in many
hours of overtime in their final years to raise their base salaries and boost
their pensions.

MAN PLEADS NOT GUILTY IN ENTICEMENT CASE

NORTH PLATTE - A North Platte man accused of sending pornography to his
15-year-old daughter's cell phone has pleaded not guilty to charges in the case.

The man was in Lincoln County District Court on Monday to plead not guilty to
electronic enticement charges. He now faces trial on March 17.

The man was arrested in October after the girl told her mother of her father's
actions.

SUSPECTED BAR-BASED DRUG RING BROKEN UP

OMAHA - Local police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have broken
up a suspected drug distribution network based out of a south Omaha bar.

Omaha police said Tuesday that 13 people had been taken into custody after a
six-month investigation into activities at Johnny Z's Bar. Large quantities of
methamphetamine and smaller amounts of cocaine and marijuana were found.

The suspects are being held on state charges for criminal conspiracy. Several
also face firearms charges.

Authorities also seized five firearms, six vehicles, one laptop computer and
more than $10,000.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009 Wednesday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

STATE BRIEFS;

BYLINE:

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 695 words


ADAMS COUNTY GETS NEW TREASURER

HASTINGS - Adams County has named a new treasurer.

The Board of Supervisors has appointed Deputy Treasurer Beverly Davis to the
post.

Davis will be sworn in on Feb. 2. She replaces former Treasurer Julia Moeller,
who resigned earlier this month amid a tax evasion scandal.

Moeller is accused of working with her daughter, Michallan Parr, to avoid paying
sales tax on a new motor home.

Moeller faces charges of official misconduct, abuse of public records and tax
evasion.

TWO DEAD IN FIRE AT GRAND ISLAND

GRAND ISLAND - Grand Island fire officials say two people have died in a mobile
home fire.

Fire Capt. Bryan Stutzman said the two were found in a back bedroom of the home
after the fire was reported after midnight Tuesday.

Stutzman said the two appeared to be adults, but officials were not prepared
Tuesday afternoon to identify the victims.

The mobile home was engulfed in flames when firefighters arrived. Stutzman said
firefighters were unaware the home was occupied until a neighbor said someone
might be inside.

The State Fire Marshal's Office said careless handling of smoking materials
ignited a large overstuffed chair, starting the fire.

BLAIR MAN ACCUSED OF TEEN SEX ASSAULT

BLAIR - A 27-year-old Blair man is behind bars, accused of having a sexual
relationship with a 15-year-old girl he had taken to southwestern Missouri to
live with him.

Wayne Smith's bail has been set at $100,000. He is charged with first-degree
sexual assault of a minor, harboring an escaped juvenile and contributing to the
delinquency of a minor.

The girl's family reported her missing in July. She had been living with her
father in Blair, but at the time of her disappearance, the Nebraska Department
of Health and Human Services was conducting an evaluation to place her in the
state's care.

Detectives said they found the girl living near Purdy, Mo.

MAN ACCUSED IN FATAL CRASH NOW IN JAIL

NORTH PLATTE - A 36-yearold Nebraska man arrested last fall in the death of a
former Arapahoe volleyball coach is now in jail for driving drunk.

Herchel Huff was sentenced earlier this month in Lincoln County District Court
to 30 days in jail for his second DUI offense. He also was fined $500 and had
his license revoked for a year.

He still faces charges in the Oct. 3 death of Kasey Jo Warner of Arapahoe.

The Furnas County Sheriff's Office said Warner was walking with her 3-year old
daughter when Huff hit the pair with his car. Warner's daughter survived; Warner
was killed.

OMAHA MAYOR SAYS PENSION FUND IN PERIL

OMAHA - Omaha Mayor Mike Fahey is laying out challenges his successor will face,
including a pension fund in danger of collapsing.

The Democrat gave his State of the City address Tuesday. He's not seeking
re-election and leaves office in June.

The shortfall in the city's pension fund for police officers and firefighters is
more than $350 million. Fahey said the economic downturn and the current benefit
structure were to blame.

A major problem, he said, is so-called pension spiking. Workers put in many
hours of overtime in their final years to raise their base salaries and boost
their pensions.

MAN PLEADS NOT GUILTY IN ENTICEMENT CASE

NORTH PLATTE - A North Platte man accused of sending pornography to his
15-year-old daughter's cell phone has pleaded not guilty to charges in the case.

The man was in Lincoln County District Court on Monday to plead not guilty to
electronic enticement charges. He now faces trial on March 17.

The man was arrested in October after the girl told her mother of her father's
actions.

SUSPECTED BAR-BASED DRUG RING BROKEN UP

OMAHA - Local police and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have broken
up a suspected drug distribution network based out of a south Omaha bar.

Omaha police said Tuesday that 13 people had been taken into custody after a
six-month investigation into activities at Johnny Z's Bar. Large quantities of
methamphetamine and smaller amounts of cocaine and marijuana were found.

The suspects are being held on state charges for criminal conspiracy. Several
also face firearms charges.

Authorities also seized five firearms, six vehicles, one laptop computer and
more than $10,000.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009 Wednesday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                                SARASOTA EDITION

New suit is eighth against Buchanan;
Ex-controller's charges include tax evasion

BYLINE: By CAROL E. LEE carol.lee@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BN1

LENGTH: 615 words


A lawsuit filed in Sarasota County on Friday levies new allegations against U.S.
Rep. Vern Buchanan and his Florida car dealerships, including sexual harassment,
death threats and federal income tax evasion.

It is the eighth in a series of cases that former employees and one consumer
have brought against the freshman Sarasota congressman since May.

The new charges come from the highest-level former Buchanan employee yet to file
suit -- a former controller at Sarasota 500 LLC, the company registered with the
state to operate Sarasota Ford.

The ex-employee, Melissa Hacker, says she was fired in November 2006, after
about a year on the job, for refusing to ignore an IRS tax levy on a 20-year
employee for whom Sarasota 500 LLC had never withheld federal income tax. Her
lawsuit alleges that the employee, Moe Gingerich, was a personal friend of
Buchanan's who made more than $100,000 a year.

Hacker also says Buchanan's former business partner at Sarasota 500 LLC, David
Long, continued to sexually harass and verbally abuse her after she complained
to the company's lawyer. She says three employees made death threats against her
while she was with the company, including Gingerich, whom she says responded,
"What if I shoot you?" when she refused to ignore the IRS request.

Darrin Chrisman, Buchanan's business partner at Sarasota 500 LLC, said the
allegations in Hacker's 30-page lawsuit are false.

"To my knowledge, and I was not here at the time, none of what I see in here is
accurate or true," said Chrisman. "They're just trying to create as much damage
as possible."

Chrisman also said that Gingerich, who is currently a salesman at Sarasota Ford,
has an issue with the IRS but that it has nothing to do with the company.

"It was an issue of his personal income taxes," Chrisman said.

Buchanan's spokeswoman, Sally Tibbetts, said in an e-mail that the congressman
would not respond to the allegations.

"The managing owner of the dealership is the appropriate person to address the
issue," Tibbetts wrote, referring to Chrisman.

Hacker is being represented by Doug Lyons, the Tallahassee-based lawyer handling
the seven other cases against Buchanan.

Hacker said in an interview Friday that she decided to use Lyons after she
learned that other former employees were filing lawsuit.

She said that she did not come forward with these allegations sooner because she
thought there was nothing she could do.

"I was pretty traumatized," she said. "I just wanted to go and get my head
together."

As controller, Hacker was responsible for preparing financial statements and
served as office manager. She is seeking at least $1.6 million in damages,
including $1.2 million in lost wages.

She says she was forced to work long hours and weekends despite being told
otherwise before accepting the $115,000-a-year job, and was never reprimanded
prior to being fired.

Chrisman, who replaced Long about a week before Hacker was fired, said Hacker
was never written up because she was terminated for "significant accounting
discrepancies."

"And if you find that there's significant accounting discrepancies you don't
typically go through a warning process," he added.

Echoing other former Buchanan employees who have sued the congressman since May,
Hacker's lawsuit also accuses Buchanan of bilking consumers, violating federal
campaign finance laws and employing illegal immigrants. Her lawsuit also says
the business was often short on cash because Buchanan and his partner "treated
the dealership like a personal piggy bank."

Buchanan is currently running for re-election against Democrat Christine
Jennings in District 13, which includes all of Sarasota, DeSoto and Hardee
counties and most of Manatee County.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 4, 2008



CORRECTION: Clarification: The lead of an Aug. 30 news story imprecisely
summarized the allegations in a new lawsuit against U.S. Rep. Vern Buchanan, his
car dealerships and employees of the dealerships. The allegations of sexual
harassment, death threats and tax evasion are made only against certain
employees of the dealership, and not Vern Buchanan. The lawsuit names Buchanan
as a defendant, alleging that he was aware of the accusations.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                          November 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Costello steps up fight against tax fraud

BYLINE: Fleur Anderson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 434 words


The federal government used a high-level meeting of finance officials in
Melbourne yesterday to strengthen its anti-tax-fraud arsenal after the
uncovering of a multi-million dollar tax racket this year.

Australia will share information on criminal and civil tax matters with Bermuda
after an agreement signed in Washington a week ago in a move expected to clamp
down on tax evasion between the two countries.

In Operation Wickenby earlier this year, federal agencies uncovered an offshore
scheme that defrauded the commonwealth of $300 million in tax revenue.

At a closed meeting yesterday, Treasurer Peter Costello urged 140
representatives from 50 governments to reduce bank secrecy, which is used as a
cover for money laundering and terrorist financing.

He said that although countries were free to set their own tax rates and
systems, one that could be used to hide transactions, launder money or operate
banking activity beyond examination by government agencies could be undermined
by others.

"And of course, banking activity beyond the reach of lawful investigation can be
used for more than tax evasion - it also opens the door to organised crime and
terrorist financing."

However, his comments were strongly criticised by Dan Mitchell, a senior
political economist with US-based right-wing think tank the Heritage Foundation.
He described Mr Costello's link between tax havens and terrorist financing as
"disingenuous" and a strategy by wealthy high-tax nations to impose their own
tax systems on poorer, less developed nations.

Dr Mitchell said he was "very disappointed" by Mr Costello's speech because
there was no empirical evidence that tax havens helped hide terrorist financing,
which had been tracked to the Middle East, England, Germany and the US.

"The majority of money laundering occurs in New York, London and Los Angeles
because it's through drug money," Dr Mitchell said. "So if you can get your
money into banks in New York or London, why would you send it to a tax haven and
attract more attention?"

The Australian Taxation Office has been pursuing international tax
information-sharing agreements with several countries seen as tax havens.

Last financial year, the ATO conducted 300 risk reviews, which led to 150
taxpayer audits.

In addition, up to 30 people could face charges over the $300 million
tax-evasion credit-card scheme that used some tax havens and was revealed by
Operation Wickenby.

KEY POINTS

* Australia will share information on criminal and civil tax matters with
Bermuda.

* The Treasurer believes reducing bank secrecy could reduce money laundering and
terrorist financing.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                            January 28, 2005 Friday

Sheriff's deputy accused of tax evasion

BYLINE: Gary Klien, IJ reporter

LENGTH: 489 words


A Marin sheriff's deputy is facing up to nine years in prison after being
charged with state tax evasion, authorities said yesterday.

Matthew Allen, a 30-year-old Rohnert Park resident, surrendered to authorities
at the Sonoma County Jail yesterday and turned in his badge and gun, according
to the Franchise Tax Board. He posted bail of $10,000 and was released.

Allen has been charged with two felony counts of filing false tax documents and
one felony count of tax evasion, Sonoma County prosecutor Larry Scoufos said.
Each count carries up to three years in prison.

Allen has not entered a plea and is scheduled to appear in court Monday.

According to state tax investigators, Allen earned nearly $80,000 in 2003 but
did not file a state tax return. Investigators said Allen gave the Sheriff's
Office two W-4 Withholding Allowance Certificates claiming exempt status.

Allen owes more than $5,150 in unpaid state taxes, authorities said.

A spokesman for the Internal Revenue Service declined to comment on whether
Allen's federal tax returns are also under scrutiny.

"Disclosure laws preclude the IRS from talking about any taxpayer's issues until
they become public record," said Bill Steiner, an IRS spokesman in Sacramento.

John Barrett, spokesman for the state tax board, said Allen's reasons for
withholding his tax payments were in line with a widespread philosophical
movement that deems income tax withholding to be illegitimate. The movement,
fueled by various anti-tax groups and their Internet sites, has led to numerous
court rulings, all backing the government.

Barrett said he did not know if Allen was a member of any anti-tax groups.

"The kind of language that these individuals use is so specific to this kind of
philosophy, it's just obvious," he said.

Barrett said he did not consider it extreme for Allen to be arrested over a
$5,000 tab. He said state authorities arrest three or four suspected tax
cheaters a month and added that there are about 500 open investigations.

"The sad thing about this case is he's the kind of guy who's supposed to protect
us from these kind of people," Barrett said. "Tax evasion is not a victimless
crime. The victims are you and me and the other taxpayers in California. It's a
felony, I'm sorry. If you're not going to pay your tax bill, you have to face
the consequences."

Barrett said he has been with the tax board 14 years and cannot recall another
police officer being arrested in a tax-evasion case.

Allen could not be reached for comment yesterday.

Allen, who has worked for the Sheriff's Office for about three years, has been
placed on paid leave pending the outcome of an internal investigation,
Undersheriff Dennis Finnegan said.

"Of course we want everyone to pay their taxes," Finnegan said. "We want
everyone to be a law-abiding citizen."

at gklien@marinij.com

Contact Gary Klien via e-mail

Copyright and permissions

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri Convicted
of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 512  words


Underreported More Than $1.5 Million in Gross Receipts

A federal jury sitting in St. Louis, Missouri, found the local owner of a tax
return preparation businesses guilty of two counts of tax evasion, announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Departments Tax Division.

While Semere Tsehaye was operating tax return preparation franchises in three
states, he was generating false financial summaries and filing fraudulent
returns to evade paying his own taxes, said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  No one is above the law, and the department will continue to
prosecute those who seek to violate our nations tax laws.

According to the evidence at trial, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and
operator of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating
in and around East St. Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; and Kansas City and
St. Louis, Missouri, from 2005 to 2011.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).

The evidence at trial showed that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye
generated fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts
generated by A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer.  The
evidence also showed Tsehayes tax return preparer used these financial summaries
to prepare Tsehayes individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then filed with
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in that they
underreported A&S and ERIs gross receipts by a total of approximately $547,000
in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, causing a tax loss of more than $580,000.

Mr. Tsehayes attempt to evade his taxes by creating false financial summaries to
conceal over $1.5 million of income and by filing false tax returns is a theft
from the American public, said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS-Criminal Investigation.  We all pay when others swindle the government.

In 2013, a Kansas City, Kansas, federal court permanently enjoined Tsehaye and
A&S from further operating a tax preparation business or preparing federal tax
returns.

Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 4, 2017.  Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum
sentence of five years in prison for each count of tax evasion, as well as a
period of supervised release and monetary penalties.

Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation, and Senior
Litigation Counsel Corey Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax
Division, who are prosecuting the case.  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Eastern District
of Missouri for their assistance.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Political shockwaves sent through Congress

BYLINE: By Steven Thomma and Alison Young KNIGHT RIDDER NEWSPAPERS Deirdre
Shesgreen of the Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau contributed to this report.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 955 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


THE PLEA Jack Abramoff pleads guilty of conspiracy, mail fraud and tax evasion.

THE DEAL He will help prosecutors in an inquiry that could implicate members of
Congress.

THE TARGETS Possibilities include Rep. Tom DeLay and Sen. Harry Reid, the
minority leader.

---

A well-connected lobbyist pleaded guilty Tuesday to federal criminal charges and
prepared to testify about members of Congress caught in his web of corruption.

Jack Abramoff, 46, invoked God as he apologized and pleaded guilty before a
federal judge to one charge each of conspiracy, mail fraud and tax evasion. He
faces a maximum of 30 years in prison. He also is expected to enter a plea in a
Florida indictment related to his purchase of a fleet of casino cruise ships
from a man who was murdered a few months later.

By itself, the fall of a high-flying lobbyist who collected $80 million in fees
from casino-rich Indian tribes, wined and dined politicians at his own
Washington restaurant and flew them abroad for golf outings was a dramatic tale.

But it was the likelihood that Abramoff now will help federal prosecutors go
after members of Congress that gripped official Washington.

"This is going to grow and multiply," said Bill Mateja, a former top official in
the Justice Department who is now a Dallas lawyer. "If I were on Capitol Hill, I
would be shaking in my boots. Because if anyone knows where the skeletons are
buried, it's Jack Abramoff."

Justice Department officials said they hoped their extensive investigation would
send a message about corruption.

"Government officials and government action are not for sale," said Alice
Fisher, an assistant attorney general. "The Justice Department will aggressively
investigate and prosecute these types of cases, which have a devastating impact
on the public's trust of government."

The scandal threatens to affect several high-ranking lawmakers from both major
political parties, including: - Rep. Bob Ney, R-Ohio, the chairman of the House
Administration Committee. He took a golf trip to Scotland on Abramoff's tab but
says he did nothing wrong. - Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, who was forced to step
down last fall as House majority leader when he was indicted on a campaign
finance charge that isn't related to the Abramoff case. DeLay denies any
wrongdoing in taking overseas trips financed by Abramoff. His spokesman said
Tuesday that all of DeLay's actions were approved by the House ethics committee.
- Rep. John Doolittle, R-Calif., the secretary of the House Republican
Conference, who took campaign contributions from Abramoff and whose wife was
hired by an Abramoff foundation. Doolittle denies that his intervention in a
California Indian casino case, which would have helped Abramoff, was connected
to his relations to the lobbyist. - Sen. Harry Reid, D-Nev., the Senate minority
leader, who has denied that his intercession in an Indian casino case that would
have helped Abramoff was linked to a $5,000 contribution from an Abramoff
client.

Abramoff would serve 9 1/2 to 11 years of his sentence under federal guidelines.
He also faces a fine of more than $750,000 and mandatory restitution estimated
to be about $26.7 million -- $1.7 million of that to the Internal Revenue
Service for evading taxes, plus an undetermined amount of back taxes.

The lobbyist was contrite as he faced U.S. District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle.

"Your honor, words will not be able to ever express how sorry I am for this, and
I have profound regret and sorrow for the multitude of mistakes and harm I have
caused," he said.

The most far-reaching charge said Abramoff corruptly influenced public officials
and their relatives.

"Abramoff and others would offer and provide things of value to public
officials, including trips, campaign contributions, meals and entertainment in
exchange for agreements that the public officials would use their official
positions and influence to benefit defendant Abramoff's clients and . . .
businesses," the federal charge said.

It didn't identify any public officials by name.

But it did say Abramoff influenced a House Committee chairman identified as
"Representative A." It said Abramoff used "a lavish trip to Scotland to play
golf on world famous courses, tickets to sporting events . . . regular meals at
Abramoff's upscale restaurant, and campaign contributions" to win official
favors from the congressman.

Representative A is apparently Ney.

An Abramoff partner, Michael Scanlon, who formerly had worked for DeLay, pleaded
guilty in November to conspiring to bribe Ney. Ney has denied wrongdoing.

The plea bargain also said Abramoff had defrauded several Indian tribes by
charging them huge fees while lying about his work or the way that money was
funneled to him. For example, it said he urged them to hire other firms while
concealing that he got a 50 percent kickback from more than $54 million that the
tribes paid those firms.

Abramoff greased his relationships with golf trips, meals at his restaurant and
seats in his luxury sky boxes at Washington sports events.

With the investigation threatening to spread, several members of Congress
recently returned campaign contributions to Abramoff, a trend that House Speaker
Dennis Hastert, R-Ill., joined Tuesday evening. He announced that he would
return $70,000 in contributions from Abramoff-related clients, including Indian
tribes.

The head of Rep. Roy Blunt's leadership PAC, called Rely on Your Beliefs Fund,
took a step Tuesday toward donating contributions of $8,500 from Abramoff to a
charity.

Burson Taylor, Blunt's spokeswoman, said, "Because the donor of these funds has
admitted to activities which are illegal . . . the executive director of the
Rely On Your Beliefs will recommend that the board donate these funds to a
charity."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Lobbyist admits to corruption Abramoff plea

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; GRAPHIC
 PHOTO  - Jack Abramoff leaves federal court in Washington on Tuesday after
pleading guilty in a corruption investigation. Gerald Herbert | The ASSOCIATED
PRESS  GRAPHIC by the Associated Press - Corruption inquiry forces Abramoff's
hand

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 5, 2004 Saturday

From Toronto mansion to Denver court

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: DENVER


A former Denver businessman who fled the United States after being accused of
evading as much as $27 million (U.S.) in state and federal taxes - and ended up
in a Canadian jail - has pleaded guilty to 112 counts of tax evasion and mail
fraud.

Thomas Quintin, 57, could receive up to 12 years in prison and a $125,000 fine
at an Oct. 29 sentencing.

The amount he is accused of evading was worth about $37 million (Canadian) at
yesterday's exchange rate.

His court-appointed defender, Edward Harris, said Quentin should receive
probation because he has been behind bars since 1998, most of it spent in a
Canadian prison.

Quintin was the owner of Max Oil Inc., which ran now-defunct Pit Stops and Mini
Stop stations in Nebraska, Wyoming and Colorado.

"I became involved in a scheme that did not pay all the taxes due on the fuel,"
Quintin told U.S. District Judge Wiley Daniel.

"In the end, I made a stupid move by leaving the country and moving to the
Cayman Islands" in 1991.

Quintin and his wife, Sandra Westphal, fled Colorado while under investigation
in California for alleged tax evasion.

The two moved to Toronto in 1998, bought a mansion and made plans to start a
chain of jewelry stores.

Canadian authorities nabbed the two while they were getting into a limousine to
attend a performance of Les Miserables, a musical about a fugitive, said
Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Brown.

Westphal suffered a serious auto accident after posting bond in Canada. Her
treatment and a "supposed friend" who drained his remaining assets left him
broke, Quintin told the court.

from the star's wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 7, 1989, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Judge Finds Helmsley Incompetent for Trial

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 168 words


A Federal judge in Manhattan yesterday found Harry B. Helmsley mentally
incompetent to stand trial on tax evasion charges, separating the real-estate
executive from the coming trial of his wife and two others.

''To try the defendant would deprive him of his basic rights,'' said Judge John
M. Walker Jr. in United States District Court after finding that the 80-year-old
Mr. Helmsley was unable to assist in his own defense because of memory lapses
and reasoning difficulties.

Citing the reports of several doctors, including a court-appointed
neuropsychologist, Judge Walker noted that Mr. Helmsley's condition had been
aggravated by ''a series of slight strokes.'' But the court ruling did not
dismiss the 47-count indictment against Mr. Helmsley; it only delayed his trial
indefinitely.

Mr. Helmsley, and his wife, Leona, 68, were indicted in April 1988 and accused
of personal income-tax evasion by disguising about $4 million in renovations to
their Greenwich, Conn., mansion as business expenses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Georgia: Pair Already Facing Medicaid Fraud Charges Accused of Income Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 288  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Office of The Attorney General, The State of Georgia has issued the following
news release:

Fulton County Grand Jury indicted Derrell Jackson and Shayla Darrington-Jackson
for two counts of Income Tax Evasion (O.C.G.A. § 48-7-5). The Jacksons are also
facing charges in Gwinnett County for Medicaid Fraud for allegedly obtaining
over $600,000 of Medicaid funds by submitting false billing to the Georgia
Medicaid program over the course of three years.

According to the Gwinnett County Medicaid Fraud indictment, their company,
Project Focus, LLC, was enrolled in the Georgia Medicaid program to provide
in-home mental health counseling to youths diagnosed with severe behavioral
disorders. The State's investigation determined that they received Medicaid
billing payments in 2008 and in 2009. The Fulton County indictment charges that
they have not filed state tax returns or paid state income taxes owed for the
income they earned from Medicaid billing during those years.

Income Tax Evasion is punishable by one to five years imprisonment and a fine of
up to $100,000 for each count.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Attorney General Greg Lohmeier. Nora
Benavidez and Lohmeier presented the case to the Fulton County Grand Jury. The
case was investigated by Douglas Legg of the Georgia Department of Revenue.

Members of the public should keep in mind that indictments contain only
allegations against the individual(s) against whom the indictment is sought. A
defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty, and it will be the
government's burden at trial to prove the defendant guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt of the allegations contained in the indictment.

For further information please visit: http://law.ga.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

Ashland resident can't promote tax evasion, court says

BYLINE: Sanne Specht, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


Nov. 09--Ashland resident Robert Pendell escaped jail time when a judge tossed
out his recent conviction in a tax fraud trial.

But a federal court has permanently barred him from promoting any scheme that
assists or advises customers to attempt to violate tax laws.

The Oregon Department of Justice on Monday announced the civil injunction order
was entered by Judge Owen M. Panner of the United States District Court in
Medford.

The United States charged Pendell and fellow Ashland resident Eugene "Gino"
Casternovia, along with Mark Lyon of Williams, and their company, the Southern
Oregon Resource Center Educational Services (SORCE) in April 2008 to stop them
from promoting a scheme to conceal their customers' assets from the Internal
Revenue Service.

Following a monthlong trial in Pensacola, Florida, Casternovia in April 2010 was
convicted of conspiracy to defraud the United States and to commit wire fraud
and conspiracy to commit money laundering. He faced a possible 25-year prison
sentence and $750,000 in fines. Casternovia in September 2010 was sentenced to
seven years in prison by a Florida federal court for his part in the tax and
debt elimination scheme. Williams, another employee, previously pleaded guilty
to all charges filed against him and agreed to testify for the prosecution in
the cases.

U.S. District Judge Margaret C. Rodgers set aside a jury verdict against
Pendell, who was a former employee of Casternovia's, and acquitted him of all
counts.

Department of Justice prosecutors alleged that the defendants promoted
fraudulent schemes through Pinnacle Quest International, also known as PQI and
Quest International. (PQI was described as an umbrella organization for vendors
who sold tax and credit card debt elimination scams.)

Prosecutors said some of the PQI vendors, including Casternovia's Southern
Oregon Resource Center for Education (SORCE), sold bogus theories and strategies
for tax evasion. For fees starting at $10,000, they said, SORCE assisted clients
in the creation of a series of sham business entities in the United States and
Panama.

According to the court, injunctions were previously entered against Casternovia
and Lyon. In recommending that Pendell's activities also be blocked, United
States Magistrate Judge Mark D. Clarke cited a 2005 videotaped interview in
which Pendell equated the payment of taxes to slavery and stated that SORCE
products enabled customers to "reclaim their sovereign rights."

The court found that SORCE had at least 350 customers and, according to its
internal records, made more than $1.6 million in 2005 through the sale of its
programs.

The programs weren't tax planning, they were criminal activity, Victor S.O.
Song, chief of the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue
Service, said after the verdicts.

According to the evidence presented, none of the defendants filed tax returns
while they were involved in the PQI conspiracy.

Prosecutors said another PQI vendor, MYICIS, operated as a computerized
"warehouse bank" in which PQI clients pooled their money to hide their assets
from the Internal Revenue Service. MYICIS had 3,000 clients and approximately
$100 million in deposits over a three-year period, they said.

According to evidence presented at trial, PQI purported to sell only CDs and
tickets to offshore conferences. However, PQI clients seeking the tax evasion
and debt elimination vendors were required to join PQI, with the cost of
membership ranging from $1,350 to $18,750.

Reach reporter Sanne Specht at 541-776-4497 or e-mail sspecht@mailtribune.com

___ (c)2011 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111109-ME-Ashland-resident-can-t-promote-tax-evasion
-court-says-1109-20111109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2011 Mail Tribune


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 4, 2008 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

ROAD ATLANTA REPORT: Castroneves pleads not guilty to tax charges

BYLINE: RICK MINTER; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 520 words


Braselton --- Two-time Indy 500 champion Helio Castroneves wasn't at Road
Atlanta on Friday for qualifying. Instead, he was in federal court in Miami
facing charges of tax evasion and tax fraud.

The Associated Press reported that the Indy Racing League star from Sao Paulo,
Brazil, who is expected to participate in today's Petit Le Mans, is accused of
using offshore accounts to avoid paying taxes to the Internal Revenue Service.

The AP reported that Castroneves, 33, pleaded not guilty to six counts of tax
evasion for allegedly failing to report to the IRS about $5.5 million in income
between 1999 and 2004. Each count carries a maximum five-year prison sentence.

Penske Racing vice president Bud Denker said Castroneves was scheduled to return
to Georgia on Friday night and prepare to co-drive the team's No. 5 Porsche with
Australian Ryan Briscoe. Briscoe qualified the car first in the LMP2 class and
fourth overall for today's race.

Denker declined to speculate on what effect the court proceedings would have on
Castroneves' relationship with the team.

"It's premature to speculate on what will happen," he said. "He's still our
driver, and we're going ahead as planned."

However, Castroneves likely will miss a scheduled appearance in an exhibition
race in Australia on Oct. 24-26 because he will be surrendering his passport,
according to team officials.

Sticking with a schedule

The Braselton-based American Le Mans Series, of which the Petit Le Mans is the
marquee event, took a page from an old NASCAR playbook when it announced that
the circuit's 2009 schedule will be virtually identical to the lineup from this
year and previous years.

That allows the circuit to build on established race dates and venues just as
NASCAR has done over the years with major events such as the Daytona 500 and
Coca-Cola 600.

The 2009 schedule begins with the Mobil 1 Twelve Hours of Sebring on March 21
and ends Oct. 10 at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca. Because of the way the 2009
calendar falls, some events move up or back a week. The Petit Le Mans will run
on Sept. 26.

"We have established a strong, consistent schedule to which fans are getting
accustomed," said the circuit's chief operating officer, Tim Mayer. "That
certainly helps establish our fan base as well as foster growth and tradition."

Fellows favors Corvette

Corvette driver Ron Fellows is familiar to NASCAR fans because of his
appearances in races on the road courses at Watkins Glen, Infineon Raceway in
California and in Montreal, where he won a Nationwide Series race this year. He
said driving the nimble sports cars requires a completely different approach
than the more powerful NASCAR racers.

He tested a Dale Earnhardt Inc. car at Road Atlanta in July and ran 10 seconds a
lap slower than in his Corvette.

"The NASCAR car was faster on the straightaways, but it's 1,000 pounds heavier
and has half the downforce and doesn't have carbon-fiber brakes," he said. "The
biggest difference is the speed in the corners."

He said both cars put on a good show for the fans, but he'd rather drive the
sports car.

"You can be ultra-aggressive and get away with it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 22, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Executive Is Found Guilty In Nassau Insurance Case

BYLINE:  By PATRICK HEALY

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: GARDEN CITY, N.Y., Jan. 21


A former health insurance executive accused of being the mastermind in an
insurance scam that cost Nassau taxpayers millions of dollars was found guilty
on Wednesday of evading $1 million in income taxes, prosecutors said.

A jury convicted the executive, Albert E. Isernio, the former president of the
Benefit Plan Administrators Company, on two counts of tax evasion and two counts
of structuring bank deposits to avoid reporting requirements, said Joseph
Conway, an assistant United States attorney. Prosecutors have said that Mr.
Isernio forged documents, paid bribes and covered up wrongdoing to win a health
insurance contract with Nassau County, a deal that eventually cost Nassau
taxpayers $70 million.

Mr. Isernio's first trial on charges of bribery and fraud ended with a hung
jury, and he will be re-tried on those charges within the next two weeks, Mr.
Conway said. In fact, it was his testimony at the earlier trial that spurred
prosecutors to examine Mr. Isernio's tax returns, leading to the charges of tax
evasion.

"They had the guy, and they were going to get him one way or the other on
something," said a Nassau legislator, Lisanne Altmann, whose questions helped
uncover the insurance scheme during the late 1990's. "If they can't get you on
something, they get on income tax fraud."

In his defense, Mr. Isernio said that he had merely forgotten to report some
six-figure bonuses, and blamed his accountant for omitting capital gains from
his tax returns, prosecutors said.

Prosecutors had said Mr. Isernio lost hundreds of thousands of dollars betting
on blackjack at casinos in the Bahamas, Atlantic City and Nevada, sometimes
wagering $5,000 on a single hand. But his lawyer insisted that Mr. Isernio was
not addicted to gambling and only lost what he could afford, the Associated
Press reported.

After an eight-day trial, jurors deliberated just two and a half hours before
delivering their guilty verdicts on Wednesday afternoon, Mr. Conway said.

Mr. Isernio's lawyer asked Judge Joanna Seybert for a one-day stay of the
conviction so Mr. Isernio could get his affairs in order and kiss his children
goodbye, said Bob Nardoza, a spokesman for the Eastern United States District
Attorney's Office.

Prosecutors had argued that Mr. Isernio posed a flight risk because of his
pending trial and the fact that he faces $2 million in back taxes. The judge
ordered that Mr. Isernio be taken into custody.

The judge said that Mr. Isernio's wife could drive herself home, Mr. Nardoza
said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 15, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Backers Try to Save School Official's Job

Steve Bates, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C3

LENGTH: 458 words


Supporters of James E. McClure, an Alexandria school official who pleaded guilty
in June to federal tax evasion, are beginning a major lobbying effort to prevent
his possible demotion or firing.

In letters to some city residents and in an advertisement scheduled to appear
today in a local newspaper, McClure's allies demand that he be retained as
guidance director at T.C. Williams, Alexandria's only public high school.

Under state law, people convicted of a felony such as tax evasion could lose
their state teaching license and no longer would be eligible to teach or be a
guidance counselor.

However, they are entitled to hearings before their school board and state
education officials.

Even if McClure retains his license, the superintendent and School Board could
vote to discipline him, such as by demotion or firing.

McClure's attorney, Gregory L. Murphy, had asked Alexandria school officials for
a public hearing Saturday, but spokesmen for both sides said yesterday they plan
to postpone the hearing until early 1995.

Neither Murphy nor school officials would say whether they would settle the
matter privately. McClure was unavailable for comment.

Nevertheless, residents are forging ahead with their campaign, arguing that
McClure, 55, of Springfield, can do more good than harm if he keeps his post.

"Yes, Jim made a serious mistake. However, he has paid the legal penalties and
suffered public humiliation," says the ad, which is addressed to the School
Board and is scheduled to appear in today's Alexandria Gazette Packet.

"Please make room for redemption while you deliberate this case," concludes the
ad, which is signed by about 400 residents.

McClure, who was released last month after serving 60 days in jail, has been
moved from the high school to the central administrative offices while his fate
is deliberated in Alexandria and in Richmond. McClure, who has been in the top
guidance post at T.C. Williams for 21 years, is paid $ 65,000 annually.

In a letter he sent to some city residents last week, he said he was ready to
return to his job at the high school.

While in jail, he advised some students by telephone and counseled other
inmates.

"Walking into my cellblock in the Alexandria Jail was, at times, like walking
into the T.C. Williams cafeteria," wrote McClure, who said the experience made
him realize that many young people are "falling through the cracks. ... Some of
the young men I met there had once been T.C. Williams students."

Acting Superintendent Maxine Wood also was unavailable for comment yesterday.

Sources familiar with the case said she had not yet made a recommendation on
whether McClure should lose his state teaching license or be disciplined by the
school system.


LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 14, 1992, Tuesday

Promoter found guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: By Bill Montgomery STAFF WRITERradio; finances; taxation; investigations

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section F; Page 4

LENGTH: 353 words


A federal court jury Monday convicted College Park record promoter Gregory
Johnson of income tax evasion, but acquitted him of payola charges linked to an
Atlanta radio station.

The mixed verdict brought declarations of vindication from both Johnson and the
federal prosecutor.

"We lost a few fingers and toes on the payola charges, but the guts of our case
were felonies of more than $ 550,000 in unreported income, and we're delighted
the jury agreed," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Martin Weinstein.

After more than seven hours of deliberations Friday and Monday, the jury
acquitted Johnson of two other tax evasion counts. A third tax charge was
dismissed by Judge Jack Camp during the weeklong trial.

Johnson testified he was "too busy paying bills and paying the people who worked
for me" to keep adequate tax records.

"It was a mistake, but I was trying to get records played," said Johnson.
"That's what I'm good at."

"If Gregg had been a better record keeper, he would have walked out of here,"
said his defense attorney, David Jones. The defendant, who has been free on $
25,000 bond, was released pending sentencing Sept. 29.

3 alleged instances of payola

Johnson was indicted last January on tax evasion charges and three instances of
alleged cash payoffs in 1989 and 1990 to Sidney Wood, then music director of
WVEE-FM (V-103). Mr. Wood resigned from the "urban contemporary" format station
in the fall of 1990. The payoffs, Mr. Wood testified, totaled $ 900.

Johnson and his attorney said Mr. Wood lacked credibility because of his
inability to relate exactly where the alleged payoffs from Johnson took place.

Under defense cross-examination, Mr. Wood acknowledged he testified to a federal
grand jury last October of five other instances of where he was allegedly given
payola by other record promoters, including in a promoter's office, at a hotel
and outside a radio station.

Mr. Weinstein refused to discuss any allegations of payola other than those
against Johnson.

"They knew this guy was a liar," said Johnson, who added he hopes to continue
his record-promoting business.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH921980143

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: East Lyme Fisherman Sentenced to Federal Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that PETER TORRES, 48, of East Lyme, was sentenced today by Chief U.S.
District Judge Janet C. Hall in New Haven to three months of imprisonment,
followed by three years of supervised release, for tax evasion.



    According to court documents and statements made in court, from 2006 to
2011, TORRES failed to file tax returns and report to the Internal Revenue
Service approximately $1.27 million in gross income generated through his work
as a commercial fishing boat captain.

    On November 30, 2015, TORRES pleaded guilty to one count of attempted tax
evasion, admitting that he was issued Forms 1099 that documented the income paid
to him for each tax year, but he failed to timely file his tax returns as
required and report the income and tax due to the IRS.  In his plea agreement,
TORRES agreed that the tax loss for this period is between $250,000 and
$550,000.

    TORRES also admitted that, in an effort to conceal his income from the IRS,
he negotiated checks he received as payment for his fishing services by
depositing them in the bank and, on the same day, withdrawing cash or obtaining
bank checks in varying amounts under $10,000.

    As part of his guilty plea, TORRES acknowledged that he attempted to evade
the assessment and payment of his taxes for the 2006 through 2011 tax years.  He
will enter into a payment plan with the IRS to repay the back taxes and
applicable penalties and interest.

    This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation Division, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Anastasia
E. King.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: East Lyme Fisherman Sentenced to Federal Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut,
announced that PETER TORRES, 48, of East Lyme, was sentenced today by Chief U.S.
District Judge Janet C. Hall in New Haven to three months of imprisonment,
followed by three years of supervised release, for tax evasion.



    According to court documents and statements made in court, from 2006 to
2011, TORRES failed to file tax returns and report to the Internal Revenue
Service approximately $1.27 million in gross income generated through his work
as a commercial fishing boat captain.

    On November 30, 2015, TORRES pleaded guilty to one count of attempted tax
evasion, admitting that he was issued Forms 1099 that documented the income paid
to him for each tax year, but he failed to timely file his tax returns as
required and report the income and tax due to the IRS.  In his plea agreement,
TORRES agreed that the tax loss for this period is between $250,000 and
$550,000.

    TORRES also admitted that, in an effort to conceal his income from the IRS,
he negotiated checks he received as payment for his fishing services by
depositing them in the bank and, on the same day, withdrawing cash or obtaining
bank checks in varying amounts under $10,000.

    As part of his guilty plea, TORRES acknowledged that he attempted to evade
the assessment and payment of his taxes for the 2006 through 2011 tax years.  He
will enter into a payment plan with the IRS to repay the back taxes and
applicable penalties and interest.

    This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation Division, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Anastasia
E. King.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                    February 25, 2016 Thursday 10:37 PM GMT

Eight arrests after police seize more than 130,000 illegal cigarettes;
HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) officers raided 11 premises in the Strangeways,
Cheetham Hill and Bury areas

BYLINE: By Alexandra Rucki

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Eight men have been arrested after police seized more than 130,000 suspected
illegal cigarettes.

HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) officers seized the goods during a series of raids
in Strangeways , Cheetham Hill and Bury on Wednesday.

The officers seized material in relation to suspected tax evasion including
137,600 cigarettes, 73 kilos of tobacco, counterfeit cash and four vehicles.

They recovered the items during searches of nine retail properties, one domestic
address and a storage container.

Officers from Immigration Enforcement also arrested six men for immigration
offences.

Counterfeit goods worth an estimated £2m were seized from 11 premises and 49,350
individual doses of unlicensed medicines were retrieved.

Greater Manchester Police seized two vans and issued several dispersal notices.

The huge operation involved investigations into a number of suspected offences
including tax evasion, smuggling, immigration and counterfeiting.

Mike Parkinson, assistant director of Fraud Investigation Service for HMRC,
said: "HMRC has significant criminal and civil powers to disrupt criminality and
tackle tax evasion on many levels.

"Sharing intelligence on suspected criminal activity with other agencies and
working together is key to our enforcement work.

"Combined with the powers of our partners we are able to take effective action
to ensure nobody is acting above the law."

Coun Nigel Murphy, executive member for neighbourhoods at Manchester council,
said: "Counterfeiting is not a victimless crime and such goods are often poor
quality or unsafe.

"Consumers are also completely unprotected with little chance of getting their
money back and the illegal trade undermines and jeopardises legitimate traders.

"Operations such as this, working with partners at GMP and HMRC, are vital to
get fake items off the street and I'd like to praise those involved."

Rebekah Sutcliffe, Assistant Chief Constable for GMP, added: "The Strangeways
area is one of the largest counterfeit goods suppliers in the UK and the sale of
these products has a huge impact on local taxpayers and businesses, as well as
potentially funding more serious and violent crime."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 10, 2015 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

BLAZER BANNED FOR LIFE BY FIFA;
SOCCER

BYLINE:  Staff, wire reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 463 words


Chuck Blazer was expelled by FIFA's ethics committee on Thursday for widespread
corruption, finally ending the career of the longtime most-senior American in
world football.

The lifetime ban from football duty was a formality after Blazer's guilty plea
to racketeering and tax evasion charges was unsealed in May by United States
federal agencies.

FIFA's ethics panel made its ruling in Zurich using evidence from the American
federal case which has plunged FIFA and international football into crisis.

"(Blazer) was a key player in schemes involving the offer, acceptance, payment
and receipt of undisclosed and illegal payments, bribes and kickbacks as well as
other money-making schemes," the FIFA ethics committee said in a statement.

Blazer pleaded guilty to 10 counts including racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud
conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy and income tax evasion.

He was a cooperating witness with United States federal agencies since 2011
after his tax affairs were investigated.

AUTO RACING

Crafton prevails in Trucks race

Matt Crafton earned his ninth career NASCAR Camping World Truck Series victory
at Kentucky Speedway in Sparta in a race stopped early because of a wreck that
damaged the catch fence.

NASCAR called the race with five laps to go after Ben Kennedy's truck clipped
and bent portions of the catch fence in Turn 1. Kennedy's truck lifted off the
ground and slid on top of the SAFER barrier after making contact with the trucks
of David Gilliland and John Wes Townley.

Kennedy was not injured in the crash.

Crafton, the two-time defending series champion, had passed Erik Jones for the
lead on a restart with six laps to go. Jones finished second.

TRACK AND FIELD

Gatlin routs field in 100 meters

Justin Gatlin easily beat two big-name rivals by clocking 9.75 seconds in the
100 meters at the Athletissima Diamond League meet in Lausanne, Switzerland.

The in-form Gatlin left runner-up Asafa Powell of Jamaica trailing in 9.92, the
same time as his fellow American Tyson Gay in third.

The time was 0.01 outside Gatlin's world-leading season-best and the 2004
Olympic champion remained unbeaten in the 100 since 2013.

LOCALLY

Jacob Werlein , who will be a freshman this fall at Waunakee High School, shot a
69 to give him a nine-stroke lead in the 13-14 age group and a five-stroke
cushion on two golfers overall entering today's final round of the Madison City
Junior Golf tournament at Hawks Landing Golf Club.

ODDS AND ENDS

Alabama and Florida State will meet in the 2017 college football season opener
at Atlanta's new stadium. The match-up in the Chick-fil-A Kickoff Game will be
Sept. 2. ... The Memphis men's basketball program granted junior forward Austin
Nichols

his release. A source told ESPN that Marquette and Notre Dame are vying for his
services.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VALENTIN FLAURAUD ? Associated Press Justin Gatlin ran the 100 meters
in 9.75 seconds to easily beat Jamaica's Asafa Powell and fellow American Tyson
Gay at the Diamond League meet Thursday in Lausanne, Switzerland.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

New Jersey: Doctor with offices in Jersey City, North Bergen admits tax evasion

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Bergen County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A doctor who owns three immediate care facilities in Hudson County today
admitted making millions of dollars' worth of cash deposits and fraudulently
transferring his residence to a family member to evade taxes, authorities
announced.

Medhat El Amir of Saddle River pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Jose L.
Linares in Newark federal court to corruptly endeavoring to impede the Internal
Revenue Code, and tax evasion, in connection with an individual income tax
return from 2007.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman and Tax Division Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo announced the guilty plea today, some 10
months after El Amir was arrested and charged with tax evasion in April.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court, El Amir
was a primary care doctor and 60 percent owner of Immediate Care P.C., which
provided urgent health care services for patients at an office in North Bergen
and two offices in Jersey City.

From Feb. 11, 2005 through Dec. 31, 2010, El Amir attempted to impede the
internal revenue laws in a number of ways, authorities said. He admitted he
fraudulently transferred his residence in Saddle River to his sister for $2.5
million to keep the property out of the reach of the IRS and the payroll taxes
he owed through his former practice, according to authorities.

El Amir also admitted cashing $7,261,083 in Immediate Care insurance company
checks at a check cashing facility, depositing the majority of that income into
a number of bank accounts to which he had access and using a portion of the
money for personal expenses, authorities said.

El Amir admitted he failed to report taxable income of more than $2 million from
2007 through 2010, resulting in a $502,160 tax loss to the government.
Despite earning a significant income from his practice, El Amir did not file
personal income tax returns for calendar years 2007, 2009 and 2010.

El Amir did file a personal income tax return for 2008, but substantially
under-reported the income he received from Immediate Care and claimed interest
deductions to which he was not entitled.

The count of corruptly endeavoring to impede the due administration of the
Internal Revenue Code carries a maximum potential penalty of three years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. The count of tax evasion carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Jersey County Man Sentenced for $1.2 Million Tax Evasion and
Unlawful Firearms Possession

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Jersey County resident was sentenced to federal prison for tax evasion and
possession of a firearm by a user of controlled substances on December 19, 2014,
the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois, Stephen R.
Wigginton, announced today. David Ray, 55, of Fieldon, Illinois, was sentenced
to 37 months in federal prison, a $7,500 fine, $1,272,904.83 in restitution, a
$200 special assessment and three years of supervised release. Ray also
forfeited a gun collection valued between $75,000-$100,000.

"In stealing from all of us by failing to pay his fair share of taxes, Ray not
only ended up forfeiting his gun collection, but he forfeited his privilege to
live in his mansion for the much harsher living conditions of federal prison."
noted United States Attorney Wigginton.

Ray waived his right to face a grand jury indictment and pled guilty to charges
brought directly by the U.S. Attorney's Office on July 23, 2013. Documents filed
in District Court established that Ray committed tax evasion by using his
various businesses to pay personal expenses, by vesting ownership of personal
assets in the name of his businesses, and by filing false tax returns with the
IRS or refusing to file a U.S. Individual Tax Return all together. In tax years
2005-2010, Ray concealed income from the IRS for the purpose of limiting his tax
liability resulting in him avoiding $1,272,904.83 in federal income taxes that
he otherwise would have been required to pay. Ray agreed to make full
restitution to the IRS as a condition of his guilty plea.

Ray was also convicted for possessing firearms while being a cocaine user.
Evidence presented at the plea hearing established that federal agents seized 96
firearms and more than 2,500 rounds of ammunition from Ray's home when it was
searched on February 13, 2012. In addition, agents also seized 110 grams of
cocaine from Ray's home. Ray admitted possessing the firearms as a hunter and
gun collector. But he also acknowledged a serious cocaine habit, admitting that
he purchased and used 3-5 ounces of cocaine every 2-3 weeks prior to his home
being raided. Under federal law, drug users are categorically prohibited from
possessing firearms.

Ray was ordered to remain in custody of the United States Marshal pending his
transfer to federal prison.

The investigation was conducted by agents from the Internal Revenue
Service/Criminal Investigations, the Jersey County Sheriff's Department, the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Drug Enforcement
Administration, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case was prosecuted
by Assistant United States Attorney Steven D. Weinhoeft.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 673 words


LENNAR WINS $1 BILLION IN DEFAMATION CASE

A Florida jury has awarded homebuilder Lennar Corp. $1 billion in damages in its
civil lawsuit against a California developer who Lennar alleges orchestrated a
smear campaign against it in 2008 and 2009.

The Circuit Court jury in Miami late Monday awarded $802 million in compensatory
damages and $200 million in punitive damages against Nicolas Marsch III and his
company, Briarwood Capital LLC. The award is the latest twist in a seven year
saga that included the 2011 guilty plea and jailing of self styled fraud
investigator Barry Minkow.

Zayo restructures financing agreements. Zayo Group LLC, a Boulder based provider
of Internet infrastructure services, announced Tuesday it has reworked its
credit agreement, including adding $150 million to its loan facility and
reducing interest on its revolving credit facility.

The $1.6 billion term loan facility was increased by $150 million to $1.75
billion and will bear interest of Libor plus 3 percent from 3.5 percent
previously, with a minimum Libor rate of 1 percent. Zayo's revolving credit
facility will bear interest at Libor plus 2.75 percent, down from 3 percent.
Zayo expects to save about $2 million annually from the adjustments.

Grand Junction man sentenced for income tax evasion. James G. Kreutzer, 52, of
Grand Junction was sentenced Monday by U.S. District Court Judge William J.
Martinez to serve 38 months in federal prison for income tax evasion, U.S.
Attorney John Walsh, IRS Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge Stephen
Boyd and FBI Special Agent in Charge Thomas P. Ravenelle announced.

Kreutzer was also ordered to spend three years on supervised release and pay
$186,473 in restitution and a $10,000 fine.

Former WaMu execs in settlement talks. Former Washington Mutual Inc. CEO Kerry
Killinger and two other bank officials are in settlement talks with the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, the last chapter in the government's probe
of the largest U.S. bank failure.

The regulator is weighing a settlement with Killinger, former chief operating
officer Stephen Rotella and David Schneider, former head of the home loan
division, over claims they mismanaged the Seattle based thrift, according to a
person who spoke on condition of anonymity.

Regulators expand oversight on student loan providers washing ton The federal
consumer finance watchdog is expanding its oversight to Sallie Mae and other
companies that collect student loan payments.

A rule issued Tuesday by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau extends the
agency's supervision to nonbank companies that manage large volumes of student
loans on behalf of lenders.

The CFPB already oversees banks that service student loans, but it says most
student loans are serviced by nonbank companies.

Movie chain eyeing IPO. AMC Entertainment Holdings Inc., the U.S. movie chain
controlled by Wang Jianlin, China's richest man, plans to raise as much as $368
million in an initial public offering that would value the company at up to $1.9
billion.

AMC, based in Leawood, Kan., will sell 18.4 million shares at $18 to $20 each,
according to a statement Monday.

Genetic testing company sued wash ington 23andMe is facing a class action
lawsuit alleging that the Silicon Valley startup misled customers with
advertising for its personalized DNA test kit.

The test is marketed as a tool to help users predict their risk of developing
various diseases.

The lawsuit, filed in U.S. district court of California last week, comes days
after the Food and Drug Administration ordered 23andMe to halt sales of the
test, saying the company failed to show that the technology is supported by
science.

Keystone set to begin operations in Okla. and Texas. TransCanada Corp. expects
to begin delivering oil Jan. 3 to Texas on the southern portion of its Keystone
pipeline, allowing more crude to leave a key delivery hub in Oklahoma.

TransCanada's Gulf Coast pipeline can carry 700,000 barrels of crude a day to
Port Arthur, Texas, from Cushing, Okla. Denver Post staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: December 07, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Cole Camp man gets five years for fraud, tax evasion

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 458 words


Feb. 12--A Cole Camp man has been sentenced to serve five years in prison for
wire fraud and tax evasion related to a nearly $950,000 scheme selling farm
equipment at bargain prices.

Robert Thomas Bain, 44, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Nanette Laughrey on
Wednesday to five years in federal prison without parole. The court also ordered
Bain to pay $1,267,394 in restitution to 23 victims and the IRS.

Bain pleaded guilty to wire fraud and tax evasion Feb. 8, 2008 in U.S. District
Court in Kansas City. He admitted that he developed a fraud scheme to offer
propane, fertilizer and other farm supplies to customers at prices below the
market rate, according to a news release from the office of the United States
Attorney Western District of Missouri.

Bain operated Heartland Farm Supply and in February 2004, he incorporated
Heartland Farm Services Inc., a retail business selling propane and farm
equipment.

Bain offered customers low-cost supplies, which he knew he could not purchase to
encourage customers to pay a membership fee and join Heartland, according to the
U.S. Attorney's Office.

Customers were required to pay a deposit and on some occasions pay the full
amount of the ordered farm supplies. Bain did not deliver all of the ordered
products and did not intend to, the release states.

The full amount of the loss to Bain's customers totals $948,737.

The wire fraud charge refers to a $172,500 wire transfer from Illinois to Bain's
Heartland bank account, which was for the purchase of potash fertilizer that he
never delivered.

During 2004, approximately $3 million in Heartland gross receipts were deposited
into the business checking account. Business expenses for 2004 totaled $2.76
million.

Bain did not file a 2004 federal income tax return on $285,000 of income and
failed to report business gross receipts of $4,849 of expenses. He also did not
report business expenses totaling $18,077 for A Taste of Germany, a business
that his wife operated, the release states.

In 2003, Bain did not report his Heartland business profits, causing his 2003
federal income tax to be false. In 2003, Bain had a federal taxable income of
$39,309 and owed $13,138 in federal tax.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, IRS-Criminal
Investigation and the Missouri Attorney General's Office.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100212-SX-Cole-Camp-man-gets-five-years-for-fraud-tax-evasion-0212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

Stanford Law grad-turned-escort pleads guilty to tax evasion

BYLINE: By Josh Richman Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 473 words


A former Bay Area woman who worked as a high-priced call girl to pay off her
Stanford Law School loans has pleaded guilty to tax evasion, ending almost five
years of cat-and-mouse with federal prosecutors.

Cristina Warthen, 35, now of Los Angeles but formerly of Palo Alto and Oakland,
entered her plea Monday before U.S. District Judge James Ware of San Jose; she's
scheduled to be sentenced June 15. The maximum penalty is five years in prison
and a $100,000 fine, but Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
Division Special Agent Arlette Lee said Monday that Warthen's plea agreement
indicates she will pay the government $313,133.74 and serve three years of
probation including one year of home confinement.

In her plea agreement, Warthen   nee Cristina Schultz, before she married
millionaire Ask.com co-founder David Warthen in May 2004   acknowledged she ran
an escort business in which she exchanged sexual acts for money. The
TouchofBrazil.net Web site in 2004 featured photos of her in various states of
undress while offering pricing for her company and her nationwide travel
schedule; it described her as a "Portuguese-speaking entertainer and physical
model."

Warthen now admits that she grossed more than $133,000 from her escort business
in 2003 but didn't file a tax return for that year, and she acknowledges she
tried to hide her income by storing cash in a safe-deposit box and buying postal
money orders in amounts designed to avoid federal currency transaction reports.

Clients posting reviews of Brazil's services at another Web site gave her rave
and sometimes, explicit   reviews up through February 2004, a month after IRS
agents seized evidence and $61,171 from her apartment, her storage locker and
her safe deposit box. The Justice Department in July 2004 sued to keep that
money under federal civil asset forfeiture laws that let the government keep
property or money representing a federal crime's proceeds even if the owner
hasn't been charged with the alleged crime.

That forfeiture complaint had said Schultz operated an interstate prostitution
business since at least August 2001   three months after earning her Stanford
Law School degree   by charging as much as $1,300 for two hours, $5,000 for
overnight and $15,000 for three days to serve clients in the Bay Area, Los
Angeles, Washington, D.C., New York City, Chicago and Seattle. Her own April
2003 posting to an escort-reviews Web site had said that when she finished her
law degree, she "owed over 300 thousand in loans and hated the prospect of being
a lawyer for the next twenty yrs."(sic)

A federal judge dismissed the civil forfeiture action in 2006 as Warthen and the
government reached a secret settlement. Prosecutors filed the tax evasion charge
against Warthen in September.

Reach Josh Richman at 510-208-6428 or www.ibabuzz.com/politics.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 16, 2007 Friday

Kaiser cuts 175 jobs in IT unit

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 427 words


Kaiser Permanente confirmed that it has eliminated 175 information technology
jobs in Pleasanton. The health care giant has dismissed some IT workers already,
said Kaiser spokesman Jim Caroompas. Others will depart soon.

Kaiser said the IT employment cuts are part of an overall strategic effort by
the organization. Kaiser's IT workforce totals 5,600.

Regulatory

John Frances Griffin, 43, chief executive of a Livermore startup company called
VaporTech Inc., was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison on two counts of
tax evasion. The charges result from a joint investigation by the Internal
Revenue Service and the FBI.

Griffin, an Orinda resident, was indicted in 2006 on multiple counts of tax
evasion and mail fraud. Griffin later pleaded guilty to the two counts.

According to the plea agreement, Griffin's VaporTech company was researching and
developing technologies that convert fuel to hot water, high-quality steam or
super-heated water vapor.

Griffin raised more than $2.5 million from investors. During 2004 and 2005, the
plea disclosed, Griffin received taxable income in excess of $1.2 million, yet
he failed to file federal income tax returns.

A federal judge ordered Griffin to pay $747,000 in restitution to VaporTech. The
judge also ordered Griffin to forfeit a variety of items. These include $75,000
in cash, a diamond ring valued at $30,000, a gold tennis bracelet worth $3,400
and thousands of dollars worth of clothing and wine.

Groceries

Pleasanton-based Safeway Inc. expects profit to rise more this year than its
long-term growth target, Chief Financial Officer Robert Edwards said Wednesday.

Safeway forecast last month that earnings per share this year would be at the
top end of a forecast of $1.95 to $2, which would exceed the 12 percent to 15
percent growth the company projected for coming years.

The presentation didn't include a change to the company's 2007 earnings
forecast, Melissa Plaisance, senior vice president of finance for Safeway, said
after the meeting.

Safeway shares rose 56 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $32.57 at 2:44 p.m. in New York
Stock Exchange composite trading. The shares had dropped 7.4 percent this year
before Wednesday.

Quick hit

Pioneering plug-in hybrid vehicle technology and transmission systems developed
at UC Davis will be put to work by Palo Alto-based Efficient Drivetrains Inc.,
which leased the technology under an agreement negotiated by the UC Davis
InnovationAccess unit.

Compiled from wire and staff reports. Got Bay Area business news? Reach Drew
Voros at 925-943-8099 or dvoros@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 27, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Democrats Spar in N.Y. Mayoral Debate;
Koch Assailed for 'Corrupt Administration,' Dinkins for 'Tax Evasion'

BYLINE: Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, July 26, 1989


Mayor Edward I. Koch and Manhattan Borough President David N. Dinkins traded
verbal blows today in their first debate of the campaign for the Democratic
mayoral nomination, with Koch accusing Dinkins of "tax evasion" and Dinkins
assailing the mayor for "the most corrupt administration since Jimmy Walker."

Dinkins, who is seeking to become New York's first black mayor, turned in a
confident, fact-filled performance that did nothing to disturb his front-runner
status in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary. But Koch, deftly mixing biting
criticism and humor, overshadowed Dinkins and two lesser rivals while fending
off their combined assaults.

In a typical slap at Koch's 12-year tenure, former city transit chief Richard
Ravitch told the mayor: "You've worn out your welcome. We need someone who's a
unifier, not a divider."

Questioned repeatedly by a panel of journalists about racial tensions here, Koch
insisted that the climate is better than in Washington, Chicago, Los Angeles and
Boston, and that he had named numerous blacks to high office. "Occasionally, my
rhetoric may be insensitive. . . . Where I have erred, I apologize. I'll try to
do better," he said.

The mayor, glasses perched atop his head, said he had "wept" over the corruption
scandals that have scarred his third term and that he had done his best to root
out wrongdoing.

The gray-haired Dinkins, never deviating from his low-key style, smoothly
fielded a question about his failure to file tax returns from 1969 through 1973.
"I made a mistake a long time ago, almost 20 years. . . . I'm sorry it happened.
It was my fault. I blame no one. It is not something I'm proud of, I wish it had
never happened, but clearly I'm not guilty of tax evasion," he said.

But Koch, who worried aloud last week that he might be labeled a racist for
attacking Dinkins, showed no reticence today. "If you are a lawyer and you don't
pay your taxes . . . year after year for four consecutive years, what else would
be an appropriate description? Negligence? Forgetfulness?"

Dinkins, asked if his strong union support might lead him to "give away the
store" in contract talks, said: "It is true I am supported by those persons who
clean the bedpans and tend the frail elderly and drive our buses and taxis."
But, he added, "My friends in labor . . . will get nothing to which they're not
entitled."

After the opening minutes, Dinkins muted his criticism of Koch. When the mayor
boasted that his administration is renovating 250,000 apartments, Dinkins
charged him with "sleight of hand," saying: "Many of those are apartments that
are simply going to be painted."

As the front-runner, the Harlem politician was apparently following his own
script. When the panel failed to ask about abortion, Dinkins raised the issue
himself, saying his support for publicly funded abortions would distinguish him
from Republican-Liberal candidate Rudolph W. Giuliani in November. The others
echoed their agreement.

The harshest exchange erupted between Koch and Comptroller Harrison J. Goldin,
who have apparently detested each other for years. It began when Goldin
ridiculed Koch for insisting "that everything is hunky-dory. Ed, go outside.
Fall over the bodies in the streets of this city sleeping outside."

Koch quickly rattled off four past investigations of Goldin. "While there have
been no criminal charges against him so far . . . he is the most investigated
comptroller in the city's history," Koch said.

Goldin, clearly livid, slowly pronounced the names of several convicted Koch
aides. "They haul 'em off in manacles. They throw 'em in jail. You dismiss them
in disgrace. That's a record you can't laugh away."

The candidates' contrasting styles were highlighted by a question about how they
could identify with the poorest New Yorkers. "I'm the product of a broken home,"
Dinkins said. He said his mother and grandmother "were domestics, worked six,
seven days a week for $ 7 or $ 8 a week. I sold shopping bags on the corner of
125th Street. . . . I shined shoes, washed dishes, washed cars, worked in
factories, waited tables."

Koch fielded the same question like a stand-up comic, saying: "I talk like a New
Yorker, I walk like a New Yorker, I think like a New Yorker."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, EDWARD I. KOCH.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 7, 1989, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Rose: Indicted Man Is No Longer a Friend

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: CINCINNATI, April 6


Pete Rose distanced himself today from former acquaintances who face prison
sentences on drug and tax charges. The Cincinnati Reds manager, who is under
investigation by the baseball commissioner, said after a 4-1 loss to the Los
Angeles Dodgers that he was not as close to the acquaintances as indicated in
news reports.

''I'm guilty of one thing: I wasn't a very good picker of friends,'' Rose said.
''I'm not their friends anymore. Every time something happens, you guys act like
they're my best friends.''

The latest former acquaintance to land in trouble is Thomas P. Gioiosa, who as a
teenager lived with Rose and his family several years ago. Gioiosa was indicted
in Federal court in Cincinnati today on charges of tax evasion and conspiracy to
distribute cocaine from Florida to the Cincinnati area.

The five-count indictment accuses him of income-tax evasion and conspiring with
others to arrange cocaine deliveries from Florida to Cincinnati between January
1985 and January 1987.

There has been no suggestion that Rose was involved with drugs. The
investigation reportedly centers on gambling, including accusations that he bet
on baseball games.

Several people formerly associated with Gold's Gym in Cincinnati, where Rose
used to work out, are serving prison sentences. Donald Stenger, former co-owner
of the gym, pleaded guilty March 24 in Federal court in Cincinnati to smuggling
cocaine and was sentenced to 10 years in prison. Federal prosecutors said
Stenger was the head of the cocaine ring of which Gioiosa allegedly was a part.

Another co-owner, Michael Fry, is serving an eight-year Federal prison sentence
for cocaine trafficking and income-tax evasion.

The indictment against Gioiosa alleges that he falsely claimed $47,646 in
gambling earnings from the winning ticket on a Jan. 16, 1987, race at Turfway
Park in Florence, Ky., and falsely listed it as income on his Federal tax return
for 1987. The indictment charges that Gioiosa claimed the entire amount as
income and offset a portion of that claimed income with gambling losses which
would otherwise be non-deductible.

The indictment accuses Gioiosa of conspiring with others to prevent the Internal
Revenue Service from determining whom to assess income tax for the winning
ticket.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Ex-manager at trucking firm gets 16 years in $400K fraud

BYLINE: PAUL WALSH; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 507 words



HIGHLIGHT: Judge says man faked serious illness to avoid both trial and
sentencing for defrauding Eagan employer.


A Texas man faces more than 16 years in federal prison for his role in a scheme
to bilk nearly $400,000 from his former Eagan employer, Advantage
Transportation.

Clayton "Craig" Hogeland, 43, also obstructed justice by faking a
life-threatening medical condition, U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz found.
That caused delays for both his trial and sentencing hearing.

Hogeland, now of Aurora, Texas, was convicted in December 2011 of mail fraud,
conspiracy to commit mail fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and
income tax evasion. He was sentenced Friday in federal court in Minneapolis.

His friend Jeffrey Cole Bennett, 52, of Arlington, Tenn., was found guilty of
the same charges and was sentenced to nearly eight years in prison. He and
Hogeland, who was his boss, must make restitution totaling $393,183. Hogeland's
wife, Jennifer Rose Hogeland, 39, was convicted of three counts of income tax
evasion and sentenced to 15 months in prison.

Advantage Transportation connects freight companies with trucking firms
nationwide. It's part of the Dart Transit Co.

The prosecution argued that Hogeland, a former general manager at Advantage,
created four companies - three of them shams - and had them bill Advantage for
products, most of which were never provided. Hogeland approved payment and
Bennett paid the Hogelands kickbacks, which Jennifer Hogeland deposited in their
bank accounts.

Defense attorneys told jurors a different tale, alleging retribution by a
spurned boss and arguing that any tax issues were simple errors.

In a presentencing filing that asked the court to increase his sentence to 21
years in prison, prosecutors alleged that Hogeland created a "fictitious,
life-threatening medical condition" in an effort to avoid being tried and again
to dodge sentencing.

"It is the stuff of pulp fiction, acted out in reality," they wrote.

Bags of potassium chloride

And how did Hogeland allegedly fake serious illness?

On the eve of an April 12, 2011, trial date in Minnesota, Hogeland checked
himself into a Texas hospital for dangerously high blood potassium levels. The
trial was delayed until the following June for medical reasons, then September
before finally starting in November 2011.

Further health-related delays stretched out the trial before his conviction on
Dec. 6, 2011. He was placed in custody Jan. 8, 2013, and the erratic blood
potassium readings stopped. Six days later, his wife reported to federal
authorities that she found in his belongings four zip-top bags of what turned
out to be potassium chloride.

Despite his continuing complaints about symptoms after being jailed, tests
revealed no abnormal blood potassium levels, the prosecution said.

"There is no denying that Hogeland's failure to have any episodes after he was
incarcerated is damning proof that Hogeland self-induced previous episodes," the
prosecution said.

The defense called that allegation a "fantastical theory" and suggested that
Hogeland's wife was setting him up because of tension over her having had an
affair.

Paul Walsh · 612-673-4482

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Local Venture Capitalist Pleads Guilty to Tax Charges

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Burton Douglas Morriss pled guilty to tax evasion charges associated with his
evasion of taxes on millions of dollars of income he earned between 2006 and
2009. According to his plea agreement, the tax liability Morriss attempted to
evade in 2007 was $2,888,483. The total tax due and owing by Morriss for all tax
years is $5,559,386.

According to court documents, Morriss was a venture capitalist living in St.
Louis County. Morriss admitted that, through his work, he was versed in tax
laws. As a venture capitalist, he would discuss tax consequences of buying and
selling investments to sophisticated investors. Moreover, he had been dealing
with advisers and lawyers regarding his personal taxes for many years before
2006.

For the tax year 2007, which is the tax evasion count to which he pleaded
guilty, Morriss earned substantial income from his venture capital activities.
In order to reduce his tax liability for that year, he claimed $18,160,613 in
losses associated with a number of entities, including Morriss Holdings, MIC
Aircraft, Tech Aircraft, and MIC Real Estate. These entities were established as
single member limited liability companies for Morriss's mother. Additionally,
Mrs. Morriss had already claimed these passive losses for her own benefit in
previous years. In addition to these 2007 tax losses, Morriss admitted to
evading millions more in taxes on income from his venture capital companies in
subsequent tax years.

Morriss did not timely file tax returns for 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009. On June
27,2011, Morriss filed the delinquent 2007 tax return that is the subject of the
guilty plea, along with delinquent 2008 and 2009 tax returns.

Sybil A. Smith, the Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation,
stated, "To build faith in our nation's tax system, honest taxpayers need to be
reassured that everyone is paying their fair share. IRS-Criminal Investigation,
together with the Department of Justice, will diligently investigate and
prosecute those who knowingly violate our tax system for their own enrichment."

Morriss, 50, Creve Coeur, Missouri, pled guilty to one felony count of tax
evasion before United States District Judge Rodney Sippel. Sentencing has been
set for November 22, 2013.

This charge carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and/or fines up to
$100,000. Restitution is mandatory. In determining the actual sentences, a judge
is required to consider the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines, which provide
recommended sentencing ranges.

Morriss' plea comes shortly after a judgment of permanent injunction was ordered
against him in the case of Securities and Exchange Commission v. Burton Douglas
Morriss in the Eastern District of Missouri. On August 13, 2013, United States
District Judge Carol E. Jackson ordered that Morriss, among other things, is
prohibited from acting as a officer or director of certain companies issuing
securities. The SEC matter was filed in 2012 in the wake of the collapse of the
Acartha Group LLC and other venture capital companies run by Morriss. The SEC
complaint alleged that Morriss had fraudulently transferred millions of investor
dollars to himself for person use. In addition to the director/officer bar, the
SEC will ask the court to order disgorgement of ill-gotten gains and civil
penalties at a future date.

In addition to the SEC, this case was investigated by Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the
United States Postal Inspection Service. Assistant United States Attorney Tom
Albus is handling the case for the U.S. Attorney's Office.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 17, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

You can e-file, but don't e-vade

BYLINE: Al Lewis Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 713 words


The only thing worse than tax returns are tax-evasion charges.

As many of us scramble to the post office today, Denver lawyer Gordon Sanchez,
52, will be turning himself in to authorities.

Sanchez is scheduled to appear today on one count of tax evasion and one count
of failing to file a federal income- tax return, evading more than $32,000 in
income and self-employment taxes for 2000. A grand-jury indictment alleges he
sold a home in Denver and netted a capital gain of more than $135,000 that he
never reported.

Sanchez did not return phone calls. He served as a deputy district attorney in
Denver in the 1980s and later became a defense lawyer for accused drug dealers.

He also once operated the Oasis Cabaret, a strip club in unincorporated Adams
County. Now, he's a poster child for tax evasion and faces up to six years'
incarceration on the two charges.

"Everyone should know better," U.S. Attorney Troy Eid said. "But those of us who
are sworn to carry out the law are held to the highest standards. In this
particular case, it's a reminder that if you don't pay your taxes, you can go to
prison."

The U.S. attorney's office in Denver prosecutes only about a dozen tax-evasion
cases a year. Scarce resources ensure that such prosecutions remain few and far
between, said Kevin O'Brien, a former Internal Revenue Service agent who is now
an accounting and law professor at the University of Denver.

"What I was taught (as an IRS agent) is that it's always great if you can get a
high-profile person for tax evasion," he said. "It helps the IRS let people know
that people are prosecuted for evasion."

Suitably high-profile

In this sense, Joseph Francis, whose companies produce the popular "Girls Gone
Wild" videos, makes a much more interesting poster child than Sanchez.

Francis - who was indicted for tax evasion by a grand jury in Reno, Nev., last
week - allegedly deducted more than $20 million in false business expenses on
his companies' 2002 and 2003 corporate income-tax returns. This is a guy who
finds young women so drunk that they rip off their clothes for his cameras. His
expense reports surely merit a video series of their own.

Francis now faces up to 10 years in prison and $500,000 in fines.

Perhaps one of the most infamous tax evaders ever is New York hotelier Leona
Helmsley. She became a symbol of greed in the 1980s when her housekeeper came to
court and quoted her as saying, "Only the little people pay taxes."

After her conviction, Helmsley received 18 months in the not-so-luxurious
accommodations of a federal prison.

The IRS is increasingly making sure that the little people, or at least the
middle class, pay their taxes. The agency audited nearly 436,000 middle-class
taxpayers last year, up from about 147,000 returns in 2000, according to a
recent report in The New York Times. If you are making between $25,000 and
$100,000 a year, your odds of being audited in 2006 were about 1 in 140, up from
1 in 377 in 2000. The odds for those making more than $100,000 were 1 in 59, and
for those making more than $1 million, it was 1 in 16.

It pays to be a nobody

For those caught dodging their taxes, most differences with the IRS can be
resolved without criminal charges.

"It's very difficult to bring a (criminal) tax case," said John Voorhees, a
lawyer with Patton Boggs in Denver, who used to work for the U.S. Justice
Department in the 1980s targeting mob figures for tax-evasion charges.

"First, you have to get authority from Washington, and it's not the easiest
prosecution to get authorized," he said. "The authorization process is pretty
detailed."

O'Brien recalls working on a case in the late 1970s involving a gas-station
owner in a Colorado mountain town. The gas- station operator had bragged of his
tax-dodging prowess while playing pool in the local tavern. Apparently, this is
not a wise thing to brag about in a bar.

"We got so many telephone calls the following week from people turning him in,"
O'Brien said.

O'Brien recommended the case for criminal prosecution, but the IRS decided to
pursue a civil settlement instead.

"There weren't enough resources," O'Brien said. "He wasn't high-profile enough."

Al Lewis' column appears Sundays, Tuesdays and

Fridays. Respond to him at denverpostbloghouse.com/lewis, 303-954-1967 or
alewis@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                      May 14, 2005 Saturday FINAL EDITION

MCCANN GETS 6 MONTHS IN DANVILLE TAX EVASION;
JUDGE FINDS "BLATANT CONFLICT OF INTEREST AND SELF-DEALING" IN MACHINATIONS OVER
PLANNED ARTS CENTER

BYLINE: NATHANIEL HOFFMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 485 words

DATELINE: MARTINEZ


William McCann may have wanted to build a children's theater in Danville eight
years ago, but he ended up undermining the project in a failed attempt to enrich
himself, a Contra Costa Superior Court judge told the developer before
sentencing him to jail Friday morning.

The judge sentenced McCann to 180 days in jail, a $10,000 fine, $32,000 in back
taxes and fines and five years' court probation for claiming a false $150,000
charitable donation to the Belasco Theatre Company on his 1997 tax returns.

It was less jail time than special prosecutor William Denny asked for, but Denny
said it would show the public that attorneys and real estate developers like
McCann are not above the law.

"My goal is to make sure he serves some jail time," said Denny, an Alameda
County deputy district attorney who prosecuted the case for the state Attorney
General's Office. "It's important that a community leader be held accountable."

McCann declined comment after the hearing. His attorney, William Du Bois, said
his client already has paid for his indiscretions by settling with the aggrieved
parties, paying large attorney fees, losing his license to practice law and
paying back taxes and penalties.

His wife also left him, Du Bois said.

"As a direct result of this case, he has been financially ruined," Du Bois said.

Judge John W. Kennedy said the large civil settlement did not adequately
compensate the defrauded Belasco Theater Company for its damaged reputation and
lost revenue.

He said McCann, then director of the Belasco board, engaged in a "severe and
blatant conflict of interest and self-dealing" when he got the visually impaired
theater director to sign $3.36 million in donated land over to him and his
partner Jay Gordon Bingham.

McCann then purchased the rest of the lot where the theater was to be built and
planned to put an office building on it.

At the same time he claimed a $150,000 charitable donation to the children's
theater on his taxes, when the theater only had recorded $250 in donations from
McCann in 1997, Denny said.

McCann was charged with grand theft, embezzlement and tax evasion. In a plea
agreement, he agreed to plead guilty to the tax evasion charge.

The 58-year-old father of four and recent grandfather, who holds dual U.S. and
Irish citizenship, is expected to turn himself in to the Sheriff's Office on
June 2 after attending his daughter's engagement party in Cabo San Lucas,
Mexico.

He is now living in Genoa, Nev., but must remain in California to serve his
sentence and until the Nevada authorities agree to accept his probation, Kennedy
said.

Meanwhile, the Mt. Diablo Region YMCA has taken over the lease of the unfinished
theater on La Gonda Way in Danville and is working to secure funding to complete
the project.

Nathaniel Hoffman covers crime. Reach him

at 925-945-4782 or nhoffman@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William McCann waits to be sentenced for tax evasion Friday in
Martinez. The former attorney received 180 days' jail time, five years'
probation and was levied a total of $42,000 in back taxes and fines for claiming
a false donation to the Belasco Theatre Company. (Gregory Urquiaga, Times)

                       Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          December 19, 1973, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 3

LENGTH: 188 words

Ex-Vice Pres Angew on Dec 18 asks Md's judiciary to suspend rather than disbar
him--chance, he says, to resume useful place' and, perhaps, 'attempt to bring
credit' on his state and his profession'; makes his plea before 3-judge panel
shortly after attys from Md State Bar Assn told panel that Agnew should be
disbarred because of his conviction last Oct for tax evasion; panel overrules
Agnew's attys on key point--it decides to admit into record the full transcript
of proceedings in which Agnew entered plea of no contest in Fed Dist Ct,
Baltimore, Md, to single Fed charge of tax evasion; transcript includes summary
of evidence presented by then-Atty Gen E L Richardson chronicling illegal
payments that Agnew allegedly accepted during his yrs in public office; Agnew's
attys argue that only misbehavior before judges is single count of tax evasion
and that Agnew's conviction on this count does not indicate that he could not be
proper atty; assert crime was committed while Agnew was working as Govt official
rather than as atty and therefore Agnew has done nothing wrong insofar as his
clients are concerned; Agnew illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

East Lyme Fisherman Sentenced to Federal Prison for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 311  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Connecticut has
issued the following news release:



  United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, announced that PETER
TORRES, 48, of East Lyme, was sentenced today by Chief U.S. District Judge Janet
C. Hall in New Haven to three months of imprisonment, followed by three years of
supervised release, for tax evasion.





 According to court documents and statements made in court, from 2006 to 2011,
TORRES failed to file tax returns and report to the Internal Revenue Service
approximately $1.27 million in gross income generated through his work as a
commercial fishing boat captain.



 On November 30, 2015, TORRES pleaded guilty to one count of attempted tax
evasion, admitting that he was issued Forms 1099 that documented the income paid
to him for each tax year, but he failed to timely file his tax returns as
required and report the income and tax due to the IRS.  In his plea agreement,
TORRES agreed that the tax loss for this period is between $250,000 and
$550,000.



 TORRES also admitted that, in an effort to conceal his income from the IRS, he
negotiated checks he received as payment for his fishing services by depositing
them in the bank and, on the same day, withdrawing cash or obtaining bank checks
in varying amounts under $10,000.



 As part of his guilty plea, TORRES acknowledged that he attempted to evade the
assessment and payment of his taxes for the 2006 through 2011 tax years.  He
will enter into a payment plan with the IRS to repay the back taxes and
applicable penalties and interest.



 This case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation Division, and was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Anastasia
E. King.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Fayetteville Man Sentenced to 18 Months for Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 314  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of New York has
issued the following news release:



   Edward J. Purcell, Sr., age 65, of Fayetteville, New York, was sentenced
today to serve 18 months in prison for tax evasion.





 The announcement was made by United States Attorney Richard S. Hartunian and
Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation's
New York Field Office.



 U.S. District Judge David N. Hurd also sentenced Purcell to 3 years of
supervised release, to begin after his release from prison, and also ordered him
to pay $347,128 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS").



 In December 2015, Purcell pled guilty to one count of tax evasion.



 During the years 2008 through 2010, Purcell owned and operated American Roofing
Company ("ARC") in the Syracuse area.  In this time period, he failed to report
any of the income he received from ARC by not filing federal income tax returns,
despite receiving taxable income in the amount of $655,937.



 For the tax years 2008, 2009, and 2010, Purcell willfully evaded the payment of
taxes on his individual income, which totaled $150,980, $333,614, and $171,343,
respectively.  The total tax loss for the years 2008 through 2010 was $231,362.
Purcell also agreed to repay the IRS an additional $115,766, representing the
tax loss for 2007.



 Purcell concealed his income by depositing checks payable to ARC into nominee
bank accounts, which he controlled through powers of attorney.  Purcell set up
these bank accounts in the names of his close friends and family members for the
purpose of concealing his income from the IRS.



 This case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation, and was prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Ransom P. Reynolds.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

Ex-employees say lawyer printed out firm's payroll // Responsibility for payment
is an issue in Uhl tax case

BYLINE: Aaron Nicodemus

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - Two former employees of Worcester lawyer Christopher M. Uhl
testified in U.S. District Court yesterday that they saw him print out the
payroll for his law firm, undercutting his defense in his tax evasion trial that
his college-age son was in charge of payroll.

Former employees Madelyn Bedard of Ashburnham and Christina P. Florence of
Palmer each testified that they witnessed Mr. Uhl entering data into the
computer and printing out the weekly payroll checks. They testified they never
saw Steven Uhl, Mr. Uhl's son, have anything to do with payroll. On
cross-examination by defense lawyers Christopher LoConto and John M. Goggins,
both witnesses testified that they thought Steven Uhl might have helped install
the computer software used to print out the payroll checks.

Mr. Uhl is charged with five counts of tax evasion. If convicted, he faces up to
5 years in prison on each count, and up to 3 years' probation. In his opening
statement, Mr. LoConto said that Mr. Uhl has admitted he did not pay more than
$230,000 worth of payroll and other taxes to the federal government over six
years, and that he owes the money. During that time, Mr. Uhl withheld money from
his employees' paychecks but did not turn it over to the Internal Revenue
Service.

Mr. LoConto argued that his client thought his son was paying the taxes and
filing the correct paperwork. He argued that Mr. Uhl made a mistake, but did not
commit a crime, when he did not pay taxes on his employees' pay from 2000 to
2005. He paid his taxes in 1998 and resumed paying his taxes in 2006, Mr.
LoConto said.

According to U.S. Attorney David Hennessy, Mr. Uhl paid his taxes for the first
quarter of 1999 but not the rest of the year; however, he is not charged with
tax evasion for that year.

Mr. Uhl was charged with tax evasion in September 2008, and a federal grand jury
delivered a superseding indictment in January.

In previous testimony, IRS agent Joy Chambers said that the IRS had launched an
investigation against Steven Uhl for allegedly making false statements to
investigators and aiding tax fraud. Steven Uhl has not been charged in
connection with his father's case.

Ms. Chambers said Steven Uhl told her that while he was a student at
Northeastern University, and while holding down other jobs, he rode the commuter
train from Boston to Worcester every Thursday to print out the payroll for his
father's law office. He told investigators he took the 5:40 p.m. train, and then
returned to Boston later that night. He said he did this every Thursday for six
years.

Prosecutors found an MBTA train schedule from that time period that showed no
trains to Worcester left Boston after 3 p.m. until the next day. They also
showed that the checks were printed on every day of the week, not just
Thursdays.

During Ms. Chambers' testimony, Mr. LoConto and Mr. Goggins asked why she chose
to interview Steven Uhl in a Boston bar, located close to the IRS' Boston
office. Steven Uhl was apparently allowed to drink alcohol during the interview.
Ms. Chambers said she would have preferred to interview him in her office, "but
given the choice between interviewing a witness in a bar, and not interviewing
him at all, I'll conduct the interview in a bar."

Mr. Uhl's trial on tax evasion charges is expected to wrap up today, with two
more witnesses called by U.S. attorneys Hennessy and Karin M. Bell. The defense
does not plan to call any witnesses, Mr. LoConto told Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV.

Judge Saylor told the jury yesterday that they can expect to begin deliberations
tomorrow.

Contact Aaron Nicodemus by e-mail at anicodemus@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - Two former employees of Worcester lawyer Christopher M. Uhl
testified in U.S. District Court yesterday that they saw him print out the
payroll for his law firm, undercutting his defense in his tax evasion trial that
his college-age son was in charge of payroll.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday

Kaiser cuts 175 jobs in IT unit

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Local; News; Breaking

LENGTH: 432 words


Kaiser Permanente confirmed it has eliminated 175 information technology jobs in
Pleasanton. The health-care giant has dismissed some IT workers already, said
Jim Caroompas, Kaiser spokesman. Others will depart soon.

Kaiser said the I.T. employment cuts are part of an overall strategic effort by
the organization. Kaiser's I.T. work force totals 5,600.

Regulatory

John Frances Griffin, 43, chief executive of a Livermore startup company called
VaporTech Inc., was sentenced to 30 months in federal prison for two counts of
tax evasion. The charges result from a joint investigation by the Internal
Revenue Service and the FBI.

Griffin, an Orinda resident, was indicted in 2006 on a multiple counts of tax
evasion and mail fraud. Griffin later entered a guilty plea on the two counts.

According to the plea agreement, Griffin's VaporTech company was researching and
developing technologies that convert fuel to hot water, high-quality steam, or
super-heated water vapor.

Griffin raised more than $2.5 million from investors. During 2004 and 2005, the
plea disclosed, Griffin received taxable income in excess of $1.2 million yet
failed to file federal income tax returns.

A federal judge ordered Griffin to pay $747,000 in restitution to VaporTech. The
judge also ordered Griffin to forfeit a variety of items. These include $75,000
in cash, a diamond ring valued at $30,000, a gold tennis bracelet worth $3,400,
and thousands of dollars worth of clothing and wine.

Groceries

Pleasanton-based Safeway Inc.expects profit to rise more this year than its
long-term growth target, Chief Financial Officer Robert Edwards said Wednesday.

Safeway forecast last month that earnings per share this year would be at the
top end of a forecast of $1.95 to $2, which would exceed the 12 percent to 15
percent growth the company projected for coming years.

The presentation didn't include a change to the company's 2007 earnings
forecast, Melissa Plaisance, senior vice president of finance for Safeway, said
after the meeting.

Safeway rose 56 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $32.57 at 2:44 p.m. in New York Stock
Exchange composite trading. The shares dropped 7.4 percent this year before
Wednesday.

Quick hit

Pioneering plug-in hybrid vehicle technololgy and transmission systems developed
at the University of California, Davis, will be put to work by Palo Alto-based
Efficient Drivetrains Inc., which leased the technology under an agreement
negotiated by the UC Davis InnovationAccess unit.

Compiled from wire and staff reports. Got Bay Area business news? Reach Drew
Voros at 925-943-8099 or at dvoros@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Lawyer admits to tax evasion;
Fraud counts included in plea

BYLINE: Lee Hammel, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 637 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


A disbarred lawyer who has been named in a state criminal case against the
former chairman of the Worcester Election Commission has agreed "to cooperate
fully with law enforcement agents and government attorneys."

The agreement is part of the guilty plea entered yesterday by Alan Mason, 61, of
26 Pine Hill Road, Princeton, in a separate case in U.S. District Court. Mr.
Mason, who operated Alan Mason Legal Services Inc. on Shrewsbury Street in
Worcester, pleaded guilty to federal income tax evasion and two charges of wire
fraud. Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV set sentencing for Nov. 29 in Boston.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Mark J. Balthazard alleged Mr. Mason defrauded at least
10 lenders and Stewart Title, a real estate title insurance company, of more
than $6.2 million between June 2001 and June 2006. Despite the plea agreement,
Mr. Mason disputes that he received more than $1 million from the fraud or that
it involved 10 or more victims - contentions that would affect the length of any
prison sentence.

Mr. Mason is charged with evading $99,215 in income tax in 2003. But he agreed
with findings of the investigation by the Internal Revenue Service and the FBI
that the government's tax loss from 1995 through 2003 totaled $5.9 million.
While he agreed that figure can be used to calculate his sentence, Mr. Mason
reserved the right to argue to the IRS that his tax liability is less.

Mr. Mason also said he agreed with the government's allegation that he received
loan proceeds from lenders that were intended to pay previous lien holders of
properties but converted some of that money to his own use. That meant that the
lender was not the first lien holder and that Stewart Title, for which Mr. Mason
was an agent, had to make payments for the defective titles.

In a separate case, former Election Commissioner Lawrence Trapasso, 45, of 4
Lawton St., is facing three charges of bribery in Suffolk Superior Court and one
charge each of extortion and larceny over $250. That is in connection with
alleged efforts to get people's driver's licenses reinstated and to aid them in
court cases in exchange for payment.

In that case, Mr. Mason allegedly contacted Mr. Trapasso after Jamie Brown, a
courier who worked for Mr. Mason, had problems with her driver's license. Mr.
Trapasso is charged with taking money to fix Ms. Brown's license problems.

It is alleged that Mr. Mason told Ms. Brown to pay Mr. Trapasso for the services
and that Mr. Trapasso collected the money from her at Mr. Mason's office.

If Mr. Mason "provides substantial assistance in the investigation or
prosecution of another person who has committed a criminal offense," his plea
agreement states that the U.S. Attorney's office will file a motion so that
Judge Saylor can impose a sentence below the sentencing guideline range. Even if
such a motion is not filed, the government agreed to recommend a prison sentence
and fine at the low end of the sentencing guideline range, which has not yet
been calculated for Mr. Mason.

In addition to Mr. Mason's federal tax liabilities, he was named in 2005 as
owing $2.76 million in taxes to the state, placing him among the top 10 tax
delinquents in the Commonwealth. Since then, the state has collected $1 million
of his debt through property liens and attaching his bank account, according to
Robert R. Bliss, spokesman for the state Department of Revenue.

Nonetheless, "in the meantime the meter is running" and Mr. Mason's liability,
including penalties and interest, is even greater than before: $3.2 million, Mr.
Bliss said. While the updated information for other top tax delinquents was not
available yesterday, Mr. Bliss said Mr. Mason's "place is certainly secure on
the top 10 list."

Mr. Mason declined to comment after his guilty plea yesterday. He is represented
by James M. Merberg, a Boston lawyer.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 21, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

John C. Cheasty, Star Witness In Teamsters Case, Dies at 96

BYLINE: By JAMES BARRON

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 685 words


John C. Cheasty, who became the government's star witness after James R. Hoffa
of the Teamsters union recruited him to spy on a Senate committee investigating
labor racketeering in the 1950's, died June 14 in Bahama, N.C. He was 96.

The cause was congestive heart failure, Mr. Cheasty's family said. He died at
the home of a daughter with whom he had lived for several years, the Rev.
Patrice Cheasty-Miller, the pastor of St. Paul United Methodist Church in
Durham.

A New York lawyer and investigator, Mr. Cheasty (pronounced CHASE-tee) figured
in an episode that began with Hoffa's offer of big-money bribes. Mr. Cheasty
took the first payment straight to Robert F. Kennedy, the chief counsel to the
committee Hoffa wanted Mr. Cheasty to infiltrate. Hoffa was arrested after what
he believed was a clandestine meeting with Mr. Cheasty in a Washington hotel.

But a federal jury acquitted Hoffa of bribery and conspiracy charges, fanning a
long-running feud between Hoffa and Kennedy.

Mr. Cheasty began his career as a Treasury agent in the 1930's. After graduating
from Manhattan College and Fordham Law School, he worked with the Treasury team
that built a tax-evasion case against Enoch L. (Nucky) Johnson, the Republican
boss of Atlantic County, N.J.

As a Navy commander in World War II, he was put in charge of the military base
at Luzon, in the Philippines. He was a Navy lawyer in 500 courts-martial after
the war before he contracted an illness that was diagnosed as a heart problem
and he retired on disability.

Back home in Brooklyn, after realizing he was not dying, he opened a law
practice. He handled tax-evasion cases for Joe Bosano, a nephew of Albert
Anastasia, the New York Mafia leader, among others.

He also made friends with a lawyer named Hyman I. Fischbach, who said a client
wanted to infiltrate the Senate committee and find out what it was looking into.

''I asked him, 'Who is your client?''' Mr. Cheasty later testified. ''He opened
an address book and said 'Jimmy' or 'James Hoffa,' and two phone numbers. I
whistled and said, 'Wow, Mr. Big himself.'''

Mr. Cheasty flew to Detroit for a meeting with Hoffa, then called Kennedy, who
arranged for him to join the committee's staff. Kennedy later said Mr. Cheasty
had felt Hoffa ''was asking him to betray his country.''

With Mr. Cheasty's testimony and undercover film showing Hoffa accepting a
packet of Senate material, the case seemed solid. Kennedy said he would ''jump
off the Capitol dome'' if the government lost.

But on the day Hoffa testified, the former heavyweight champion Joe Louis walked
into the courtroom, threw an arm around Hoffa and told reporters he wanted to
''see what they're doing to my good friend Jimmy Hoffa.''

Louis's appearance ''undoubtedly had a strong effect on the black members of the
jury,'' Walter Sheridan wrote in ''The Rise and Fall of Jimmy Hoffa'' (Saturday
Review Press, 1972).

However, the jury of eight blacks and four whites told reporters that race was
not a factor in their verdict; they said that they voted to acquit Hoffa because
they did not believe Mr. Cheasty. (Bribery and conspiracy charges against Mr.
Fischbach were later dropped.)

Federal agents kept watch on the Cheasty household for more than a year. Mr.
Cheasty's relatives say the F.B.I. gave him the code name Cat.

After the Hoffa verdict, Mr. Cheasty's old client Mr. Bosano asked for a
meeting. He told Mr. Cheasty that a contract had been taken out on him but that
''Uncle Albert'' -- Mr. Anastasia -- had blocked it.

Mr. Cheasty worked on John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign in 1960 and later
moved his law practice to Washington for a few years before returning to New
York. After he retired at 87 in 1994, he told his family that in the 60's and
70's he had been a contract employee of the Central Intelligence Agency.

In addition to Ms. Cheasty-Miller, he is survived by two other daughters,
Virginia Lucey of Old Greenwich, Conn., and Mary Kornman of New York; two sons,
John C., of Clarksville, Tenn., and Robert C., of Berkeley, Calif.; and 16
grandchildren. Mr. Cheasty's wife, Virginia, died in 1998.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: John C. Cheasty

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John C. Cheasty in an undated photograph.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 18, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

LAW & ORDER

SECTION: METRO ; Law & Order Column; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 669 words


ST. LOUIS

Businessman gets two-year sentence in bankruptcy and tax-evasion case

Richard E. Gray, the former chairman of an aluminum siding company in Fenton,
was sentenced Thursday in federal court in St. Louis to two years in prison for
tax evasion and a bankruptcy-related crime. Gray, 55, formerly of New York, had
been chairman of HomeStar Industries of Fenton, which was forced into bankruptcy
in 1997 by creditors.

Authorities said that in the months before the bankruptcy, the company's former
owner died, and HomeStar received more than $1 million in life insurance
proceeds. Gray defrauded the creditors and customers by transferring those
proceeds to other companies and accounts he controlled, according to the U.S.
attorney's office.

When Gray was asked about it in the bankruptcy case, prosecutors said, he made
false statements under oath to disguise the transfers as a loan.

He pleaded guilty July 24 to one count of making false statements under oath
during bankruptcy proceedings. Gray also pleaded guilty to one count of tax
evasion. He evaded paying income taxes for the years 1984 through 1987 in the
total amount of $370,927, according to the U.S. attorney's office. Gray's
attorney, David Harlan, said he and his client had no comment.

ST. LOUIS

Motorist dies from gunshot wounds

A motorist who suffered gunshot wounds Thursday evening drove to the curb at
Jefferson Avenue and Potomac Street and asked a bystander to call police.

The victim, 37, then died at the scene moments later from wounds to his head and
hand. His name was withheld pending notification of relatives.

A police spokesman said the attack happened about 5 p.m. He said the victim
handed the bystander a cell phone and said, "Call the police. I've been shot."
The man was dead when police arrived.

Investigators had no motive or suspects late Thursday.

ST. LOUIS

Customer is shot to death in restaurant

Police were looking for a gunman who shot and killed a customer Thursday
afternoon in a Chinese restaurant on North Kingshighway near Cabanne Avenue.

The victim, 18, was shot at least three times. His name was being withheld until
relatives could be notified.

A Police Department spokesman said the shooting occurred about 3 p.m. in the
1100 block of North Kingshighway. Police had no suspects or motive late
Thursday.

JEFFERSON COUNTY

De Soto teenager dies in crash on Highway 21

A De Soto teenager is dead after the pickup he was driving swerved into oncoming
traffic and collided with another vehicle early Thursday morning. It was the
latest of several deaths in recent years on Highway 21, Jefferson County's
so-called "Blood Alley."

Matthew Steven Baisch, 19, was found dead at the scene. Rodney Louis Kelly, 18,
also of De Soto, was a passenger in Baisch's car and was treated at St. John's
Mercy Medical Center in Creve Coeur and released. The driver of the second car,
Marcaline Rion, 33, of Hillsboro, was treated at St. Anthony's Medical Center in
south St. Louis County and released.

Police said Baisch's truck crossed the center line and struck Rion's northbound
car at about 2:15 a.m., just north of Lake Lorraine Road in central Jefferson
County.

GRANITE CITY

Mother of accident victim sues police officer, city

The mother of a man killed last year in a collision with a Granite City police
car filed a suit Wednesday in Madison County Circuit Court seeking $200,000 each
from the city and the police officer who drove the patrol car.

David Ortiz, 24, of Granite City, was killed Oct. 21 when he turned his car into
the path of Sgt. Kenneth Rozell's unmarked police car, authorities said.
Rozell's warning lights were on as he headed down Madison Avenue to the scene of
an armed robbery, police explained.

The suit claims that Rozell had a known history of traffic violations but the
Granite City Police Department never disciplined him for them. Officials said
Thursday that an investigation found that Rozell had not violated any department
policies.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1989, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Judge Charged In Tax Evasion And Perjury

BYLINE: By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 881 words


A State Supreme Court justice in the Bronx, William T. Martin, was indicted by a
Federal grand jury yesterday on charges of tax evasion, perjury and distribution
of cocaine.

The nine-count indictment, announced at a news conference by Benito Romano, the
United States Attorney for the Southern District, charged that Justice Martin
and his former law partners used safe-deposit boxes to hide cash they received
as legal fees, including money from a convicted drug dealer, James Jackson.

Mr. Jackson, who is now serving 25 years in prison and is in the Federal Witness
Protection Program, cooperated with prosecutors, as did Justice Martin's former
law partners, Mark Weinstein and Michael Nedick. The law partners each pleaded
guilty last month to one count of tax evasion.

Plans to Surrender

Justice Martin, who is 37 years old, was also charged with lying to a grand jury
about the source of $50,000 in bail he posted for Mr. Jackson on a drug charge
in Virginia, and with distributing cocaine to an individual in his law office in
the summer of 1985. Mr. Romano said he could not be specific about the drug
charge, but that it involved ''quantities'' of cocaine.

Justice Martin's lawyer, Murray Richman, said his client would surrender to
Federal marshals for arraignment this morning at Federal District Court in
Manhattan.

''Essentially, it's a tax-evasion indictment with all the other little add-ons
to actually further prejudice any possibility of a fair trial,'' Mr. Richman
said. ''I am distressed at what this does to a hard-working, rather decent man,
and what it does to the entire judicial system. It causes the public to lose its
faith.

''What is most distressing,'' he said, ''is that it literally destroys the life
and potential effectiveness of the youngest State Supreme Court judge in New
York. Had he not been a judge, I submit he would not have been charged.''

Asked about the drug charge, Mr. Richman said he had not yet seen the
indictment, but ''I understand it was the alleged personal use by the partners
of the law firm.''

''It was not distribution to the general public,'' he said. He said he could not
answer specific questions about the other charges.

Justice Martin is a former assistant Bronx district attorney who in 1987 tried
to run against his former boss, Mario Merola, the Bronx District Attorney, who
died in office. Mr. Martin was ruled off the ballot because of defective
petitions.

The indictment yesterday shocked lawyers and politicians in the Bronx. Robert J.
Saltzman, a lawyer, said Justice Martin had an excellent reputation as a lawyer
and judge. ''I've known him as a hard fighter in the courtroom,'' Mr. Saltzman
said. ''He always gave the district attorney's office a run for its money.''

Mr. Saltzman said he had never tried a case before Justice Martin, but other
lawyers had spoken highly of him. ''I think he's an excellent judge,'' he said.
''He gives an excellent trial, very fair.'' 'Sense of Hurt and Disbelief'

Assemblyman Larry B. Seabrook, who placed Justice Martin's name before the Bronx
Democratic Party judicial convention that nominated him in 1987, said: ''I've
known him for well over 10 years, even longer. It's really a shock, a sense of
hurt and disbelief.''

He said he had known Justice Martin ''to be a very upstanding and decent
individual and a good lawyer.''

''He had been actively involved in the community, with the N.A.A.C.P. and
various other groups,'' he said.

Justice Martin was a founder of the Black Bar Association of Bronx County and
served as its president in 1983. The current president, Hugh Campbell, declined
to comment on the matter.

At the news conference, Mr. Romano said Justice Martin and his former partners
''allegedly used safe-deposit boxes'' in lower Manhattan and the Bronx to hide
cash legal fees they received. He said he could not be specific about the amount
involved because it was not detailed in the indictment.

Questions on Money's Source

Mr. Romano said Justice Martin was also charged with lying to a Federal grand
jury in July and October of 1987 in connection with his representation of Mr.
Jackson. ''Particularly,'' Mr. Romano said, ''Martin is charged with lying about
the source of $50,000 in cash that he posted as bail for Jackson.''

Asked if the $50,000 came from drug profits, Mr. Romano said, ''I don't think I
could comment on that other than to say that the proof as to Mr. Jackson was
that basically all his money came from drug dealing.'' In his appearance before
the grand jury, Justice Martin testified that the bail money came from ''some
members of what I perceived to be his family.''

Mr. Romano said the drug charges against Justice Martin do not involve the sale
of cocaine. Asked if the distribution occurred more than once, he said, ''I
think you'd find that most people understand quantities to mean distribution on
more than one occassion.''

Justice Martin was nominated for the judgeship in September 1987 when a
coalition wrested control of the judicial convention from the Democratic
organization. The move represented a serious slippage of power for the
organization, which for months had been engulfed in the city's corruption
scandals. Justice Martin won his seat in a special election in January 1988.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

New York: New York Restaurant Entrepreneur Pleads Guilty to Ten-Year Investment
Fraud Scheme and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  A Watertown, New York food and restaurant entrepreneur and franchisor pleaded
guilty today to one count of wire fraud and one count of tax evasion announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division, and U.S. Attorney Richard Hartunian for the
Northern District of New York.





 According to the criminal information and plea agreement filed with the U.S.
District Court in Utica, New York, between 2005 and 2015, Christopher Swartz,
46, engaged in a promissory note scheme to defraud lenders and investors, as
well as a scheme to evade taxes and obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).




 "Mr. Swartz used his business enterprises to steal from lenders, investors, and
the United States, hiding behind an elaborate web of entities and financial
transactions," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo.  "This
case serves as clear notice that no one is above the law, and those individuals
who seek to evade their tax obligations will face prosecution and incarceration,
regardless of the complexity of their schemes or economic status."



 "The defendant's wide-ranging, persistent, and lengthy fraud and tax evasion
schemes cost investors and the IRS millions of dollars," said U.S. Attorney
Hartunian.  "My office is pleased to be part of the efforts by the Tax Division
and IRS-Criminal Investigation to hold him accountable for his brazen conduct."



 "As highly trained and experienced financial investigators, IRS special agents
are particularly adept at tracing the flow of funds and uncovering hidden
assets," said Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen of IRS Criminal
Investigation, New York Field Office.  "Mr. Swartz's conviction serves as
warning to anyone who schemes to divert money from a business in order to
conceal income and evade taxes."



 Swartz, using his multiple interests in various food and restaurant businesses,
raised money by fraudulently inducing lenders with the promise of repayment at
high interest rates and ownership interests in his companies.  Swartz
misappropriated and diverted funds received and when lenders and investors
sought the return of their funds, Swartz attempted to lull them with false and
fraudulent excuses, assurances, and partial payments, including payments by
checks that he knew would bounce.  Swartz also concealed his assets and income
to avoid seizure and collection by lenders, investors, and judgment creditors,
thereby attempting to prevent recovery of their funds.



 As one part of the scheme, in 2009, Swartz used a promissory note and the offer
of an equity interest in the Jreck Subs franchise to induce an investor group
from New York City to provide $1.5 million in funds, including funds for the
construction of new stores and the growth of the chain.  Swartz misappropriated
and diverted a substantial portion of the funds.  Swartz then solicited
additional loans from this same group, fraudulently inducing them with a series
of additional promissory notes, which he failed to honor while misappropriating
funds.  Swartz purported to secure some of the notes with fictitious and forged
rebate agreements.



 Swartz admitted that between 2005 and 2015, he also engaged in a 10-year tax
evasion scheme, filing false tax returns that understated his personal income.
Swartz diverted money from business accounts and disguised these diversions in
the company records as, among other things, loans and business expenses.  He
made extensive use of cash to diminish the traceability of funds and concealed
his ownership of various assets using multiple entities and nominees.  Swartz
also falsified partnership tax returns and attempted to impede the IRS's ability
to collect employment taxes.



 U.S. District Judge David N. Hurd scheduled sentencing for Jan. 19, 2017.
Swartz faces a statutory maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for his
conviction on the wire fraud count, and five years in prison on the tax evasion
count, as well as a period of supervised release and monetary penalties.  As a
condition of the plea agreement, Swartz agreed to an order of restitution
payable to any individuals and entities determined to be, at the time of
sentencing, victims of his schemes.



 The district court entered a preliminary order of forfeiture of assets,
including forfeiture of Swartz's interests in the Jreck Subs franchisor
corporate business, which receives royalty payments from store owners based on a
percentage of store sales.  Under current law, if a final forfeiture order is
entered, criminally forfeited assets may be used as a source of funds to pay
restitution to victims.  According to court documents, the number of victims may
be in excess of 130.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Hartunian
thanked special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, and an IRS
revenue agent, who conducted the investigation, as well as Assistant Chiefs John
N. Kane, Jr. and Andrew Kameros, and Trial Attorney Abigail Burger Chingos of
the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Former Plan Trustee Sentenced for Embezzling over $1 Million, Income Tax
Eevasion

LENGTH: 484  words


DAYTON  Timothy Hock, 51, currently of Chicago, was sentenced to 42 months in
prison and ordered to pay more than $1.3 million in restitution for his role in
the embezzlement from a bankruptcy estate and income tax evasion.

Hock was ordered to pay approximately $1 million in restitution to Domin-8
Enterprises Solutions, Inc. (Domin-8) and approximately $326,000 in restitution
to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).

Carter M. Stewart, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio, Guy
A. Ficco, Acting Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation, and Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Cincinnati Field Division, announced the sentence handed down
today by U.S. District Judge Thomas M. Rose.

According to court documents, Hock, who was a Certified Public Accountant, was
the controller for Domin-8 when the company (and five other related entities)
filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September 2009. Domin-8 was a Mason,
Ohio-based company that provided software to companies that managed rental
properties.

During the bankruptcy proceedings, Hock was responsible for handling the
companys liquidation and transfer of assets, completing claims reviews and
making appropriate distributions to various creditors of the company.

He embezzled approximately $1,080,289.73 which belonged to the bankruptcy estate
of Domin-8 through a variety of means, including writing checks to himself from
the trusts bank accounts.

These checks were deposited into Hocks personal bank account and then used for
his personal expenditures. In addition, Hock wrote cashiers checks from the
trusts bank accounts in order to purchase several personal vehicles, including
two luxury vehicles, a 2006 Land Rover, a 2009 Jaguar XF and a 2010 Honda Civic
for his daughter. Hock attempted to conceal his activities by submitting four
false post confirmation reports in which he did not include all the payments he
made to himself and all expenses paid on his behalf.

Hock committed tax evasion on his 2010, 2011 and 2012 tax returns by claiming
that his taxable income was much less than it actually was. In total, he
attempted to evade paying approximately $326,000 in federal income taxes for
those years.

Hock pleaded guilty to the embezzlement and tax evasion charges on August 19,
2015.

Tax evasion and bankruptcy fraud of this magnitude and with this degree of
trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished, said Guy A. Ficco,
Acting Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field
Office. The IRS, FBI, and U.S. Attorneys Office remain determined and vigilant
in ferreting out such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."

U.S. Attorney Stewart commended the cooperative law enforcement investigation,
as well as Assistant United States Attorney Alex R. Sistla, who is prosecuting
the case. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: Custom Furniture Builders Plead Guilty to Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 162  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

George Despotopoulos and Steve Tepelidis pleaded guilty to tax evasion today in
the District Court for the Eastern District of New York, the Justice Department
and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced.

According to court documents, Despotopoulos and Tepelidis jointly owned and
operated Furniture Design by Knossos, a custom furniture and cabinetry business.
They caused business checks to be cashed and used some of the cash to supplement
their reported income.  The informations allege that Despotopolous and Tepelidis
filed or caused to be filed false individual income tax returns for the 2007 tax
year.  Both Despotopoulos and Tepelidis have agreed to pay over $300,000 each in
restitution.

Tax evasion carries a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison, three
years of supervised release, and a $250,000 fine.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Court Rejects Banking Associations' Challenge to Regulations Addressing
Offshore Tax Avoidance

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

District Court in the District of Columbia dismissed a challenge filed by the
Florida Bankers Association and Texas Bankers Association challenging 2012
amendments to the Department of the Treasury's interest-reporting regulations.
The regulations require U.S. banks to report to the Internal Revenue Service
(IRS) information about accounts earning more than $10 of interest beginning in
2013 that are held by nonresident aliens of all countries with which the United
States has a tax treaty or other information exchange agreement.  These new
reporting requirements help the United States' ability to comply with requests
from its treaty and exchange partners and implement the Foreign Account Tax
Compliance Act.

"This ruling advances the Department of Justice's and Internal Revenue Service's
continuing efforts to pursue taxpayers trying to evade taxes through offshore
accounts," said Assistant Attorney General Kathryn Keneally of the Tax Division.
"The court's opinion today represents an important step in our commitment to
work with our treaty partners to eliminate cross-border tax evasion."

The court upheld the regulations' 2012 amendments, finding that the IRS
"reasonably concluded that the regulations will improve U.S. tax compliance,
deter foreign and domestic tax evasion, impose a minimal reporting burden on
banks, and not cause any rational actor - other than a tax evader - to withdraw
his funds from U.S. accounts."

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday

Court briefs: Charges delayed in baby's slaying

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 269 words


Charges delayed in baby's slaying

Charges against a Monterey man suspected of killing an 8-month-old boy were
delayed Tuesday.

Terry Spitz, chief assistant district attorney, said his office received a
lengthy report from Monterey police early Tuesday. He said the prosecutor
assigned to the case, Rolando Mazariegos, wanted to review evidence before
filing charges.

William Aguirre Fajardo, 24, remains in Monterey County Jail in lieu of $1.5
million bail on suspicion of murder and assault causing the death of a child.

He is also suspected of engaging in unlawful sex with the 17-year-old mother of
the baby, who was found unconscious in a Monterey motel late Friday.

Spitz said his office must file formal charges today or sheriff's officials will
set him free.

Woman pleads guilty to tax fraud

A Salinas woman pleaded guilty to tax fraud in a San Jose federal court Monday,
the U.S. Attorney's Office for Northern California said.

Lydia Hernandez admitted she prepared false returns so clients of her tax
service could reduce their taxable income and obtain larger refunds.

Hernandez was indicted by a federal grand jury in January 2008 and charged with
three counts of tax evasion and 39 counts of willfully preparing fraudulent
income tax returns.

Under an agreement reached with prosecutors, she pleaded guilty to one count of
tax evasion and one count of preparing fraudulent returns.

Hernandez faces up to three years in prison and a fine of $100,000 for preparing
fraudulent returns and up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for tax
evasion on her 2004 return.

She is to be sentenced Nov. 2 in San Jose.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            January 3, 2008 Thursday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

HE'S GUILTY IN THEFT OF THE HARTFORD'S FURNITURE

BYLINE: DIANE LEVICK; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 477 words


A former manager of The Hartford who had been honored with an employee award
pleaded guilty Wednesday in a scheme to steal company furniture, sell or give it
to other firms and take hundreds of thousands of dollars in kickbacks.

Todd Olynciw, 42, of Somers, pleaded guilty to one count of mail fraud and one
count of tax evasion before U.S. District Judge Stefan R. Underhill in
Bridgeport.

Olynciw was project management manager at The Hartford Financial Services Group
Inc. until he was fired in 2005. He was responsible for removing and installing
furniture and flooring at The Hartford's facilities and awarding contracts to
firms to set up or renovate the company's offices.

From 1998 through July 2005, Olynciw conspired with others to defraud The
Hartford, according to a release from Kevin J. O'Connor, U.S. attorney for
Connecticut.

In total, The Hartford lost $876,437 as a result of the scheme. Olynciw received
more than $395,720 in illegal kickbacks. He misappropriated and transferred
furniture owned by the company to two individuals and six entities in return for
directing business from The Hartford to them, the U.S. attorney's office said.

The office also said Olynciw failed to report the kickbacks on his personal
income tax returns for tax years 2000 through 2005, resulting in the tax evasion
charge.

Olynciw received kickbacks of $187,396 in exchange for misappropriating and
illegally transferring furniture owned by The Hartford, and another $208,324 for
directing business from The Hartford to certain vendors, according to a court
document.

Olynciw, who is to be sentenced March 24, faces up to 25 years in prison. It is
expected he will be ordered to make restitution to The Hartford, and he must pay
the IRS back taxes of $88,607, plus penalties and interest.

In 2002, Olynciw received a Chairman's Award from The Hartford as part of a team
that re-established a New York City regional office for the company after its 7
World Trade Center officer was destroyed as a result of the Sept. 11, 2001
attack.

Joshua King, a spokesman for The Hartford, declined to comment on Olynciw's
activities, but noted that scores of employees companywide receive a Chairman's
Award each year.

"We reacted immediately when we learned of his alleged activities, investigated
and alerted authorities," King said. "We are pleased that justice has taken its
course in this matter."

Olynciw declined comment Wednesday.

A court document says he misappropriated furniture and gave it free to a firm
that was owned by a friend of his brother-in-law. Olynciw got several other
companies to perform free services at his home in exchange for his directing
business from The Hartford to them, the document states.

The case was investigated by the FBI and Internal Revenue Service. The Hartford
Insurance Co. assisted the investigation.

Contact Diane Levick at dlevick@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 23, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

MAYOR OF UNION CITY GUILTY OF CONSPIRACY TO RIG BIDS

BYLINE: By ALFONSO A. NARVAEZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Dec. 22


The Mayor of Union City was convicted today by a Federal jury of conspiracy,
mail fraud and income tax evasion in connection with a bid-rigging scheme in
Hudson County.

The Mayor, Robert C. Botti, was indicted in September, seven weeks after taking
office.  He became Mayor following the ouster of William V. Musto from his City
Commission post. Mr. Musto, a longtime Union City Mayor and State Senator, had
been sentenced to a seven-year prison term on Federal racketeering charges.

The jury in the Botti case deliberated two hours before reaching guilty verdicts
on all 18 counts in the indictment. Mr. Botti was charged with conspiring to
steer $50,000 worth of contracts for janitorial supplies for the Hudson County
Vocational and Technical School to the company for which he was a commission
salesman.

Judge H. Curtis Meanor of Federal District Court set sentencing of Mr. Botti for
Jan. 24. The 42-year-old official faces up to five years in prison and fines of
$1,000 to $5,000 on each of the 18 counts. Judge Meanor said he would inform the
State Attorney General's office of the Mayor's conviction.

Faces Ouster as Mayor

''We will move for forfeiture upon sentencing,'' said Virginia D.  Sederis,
deputy public information officer for the Attorney General's office, referring
to Mr. Botti's position as Mayor.

Mr. Botti was convicted of 1 count of conspiracy, 15 counts of using the mails
to defraud and 2 counts of tax evasion. The crimes were committed between July
1977 and January 1980, according to the indictment.

During the trial, William C. Cagney, the assistant United States attorney
prosecuting the case, produced witnesses who testified that Mr. Botti had
conspired to rig bids on janitorial and maintenance supplies for the Hudson
County school by submitting supposedly competitive bids from fictitious
companies.

Mr. Botti was accused of conspiring with John J. Powers, the secretary of the
school, and Milton Reid, owner of the Eastern Supply and Equipment Company,
where Mr. Botti was a commission salesman, to have company employees submit the
bogus bids. Mr. Powers was a codefendant in Mr. Musto's racketeering trial and
was convicted along with him. They are appealing the conviction.

Company Employees Testify

Employees of the supply company testified that at Mr. Botti's behest they had
typed letters quoting prices for janitorial supplies, tables and metal folding
chairs from a dozen fictitious companies and mailed them to officials at the
school.

Mr. Botti was also found guilty of getting about $15,000 in commissions from the
deals, paid to him through banks in Puerto Rico, and of failing to declare the
money on his Federal income tax returns for 1978 and 1979.

His attorney, S. M. Chris Franzblau, had tried to show during the trial that the
school was in such poor financial condition and officials were so slow in paying
its bills that no one wanted to sell anything to the school. In his summation,
he said that there had been no evidence presented to show that the school had
lost any money because of the bidding practices, which he said were known to
officials at the school.

Says Tax Returns Rectified

On the mail fraud charges, he told the jury of seven women and five men that no
one had shown which of the letters quoting prices had been mailed and which had
been hand-delivered to school officials.

He also told the jury that Mr. Botti had not received statements on sales
commissions paid to him through the banks in Puerto Rico, and should not be held
criminally liable for such an oversight. He said Mr. Botti had rectified his tax
returns for the two years after he was made aware of it.

On Monday, Mr. Botti testified that he had never conspired to use the mails to
defraud and that he had never knowingly violated any laws in his dealings with
the school.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Robert Botti

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

Rock Springs Resident Convicted of Tax Evasion and Misuse of a Social Security
Number

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Wyoming has issued the
following news release:



  U.S. Attorney for the District of Wyoming Christopher A. Crofts announced
today that on June 27, a jury convicted Jaime Nieto, age 53, of Rock Springs on
charges of tax evasion and misuse of a social security number.





 The evidence at trial showed that Jaime Nieto unlawfully concealed assets
available to pay his tax debt by opening and maintaining bank accounts using a
social security number which did not belong to him and by using his business
checking account, which the IRS could not levy to collect his personal tax debt,
for all of his personal expenses.



 Sentencing is scheduled for September 5, 2016, before Chief United States
District Judge Nancy D. Freudenthal. Jaime Nieto faces a maximum penalty for tax
evasion of five years in prison and a $100,000 fine. Nieto faces a maximum
penalty for misuse of a social security number of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine.



 The case was investigated by special agents from the Cheyenne office of IRS
Criminal Investigation and prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office for
the District of Wyoming.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

Dentist's wife spared lengthy prison term;
Couple pleaded guilty to felony tax evasion

BYLINE: HEATHER RAWLYK; Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 416  words


They pleaded guilty to the same crime.

But a federal judge yesterday spared Susan Hustead from the two-year prison
sentence he handed down to her husband, Annapolis dentist Dr. Jay Hustead, last
week. Instead, sentencing her for felony tax evasion, he gave her six months in
prison with a recommendation for community confinement with work release.

Judge William M. Knickerson also sentenced Hustead, 57, to two years of
supervised release and six months home detention. Like her husband, she must pay
$65,913 in restitution and pay the Internal Revenue Service the full amount of
taxes due: $1.9 million.

Her sentence begins Feb. 13.

In a hearing at U.S. District Court in Baltimore yesterday, Knickerson indicated
that Dr. Hustead bore more responsibility for the tax evasion scheme the couple
pleaded guilty to in June 2010, federal court officials said. According to court
testimony, Hustead was vulnerable to her husband, who was more assertive.

According to the plea agreement, Hustead's husband is the president and owner of
Distinctive Dental in the Festival at Riva shopping center in Parole. Susan
Hustead is responsible for business management, including working with company
accountants on tax issues.

The couple's practice, which employs other dentists as well as technicians and
office workers, used a payroll service from 2001 to 2006 to process $1
million-plus annual payrolls and prepare quarterly employment tax returns. This
included withholding employment taxes from employee wages on behalf of the
practice.

The payroll service mailed the quarterly employment tax returns to the dental
office with instructions for filing the returns, the plea says.

The couple admitted that for the tax years from 2001 through the first half of
2005, they did not file quarterly employment tax returns. They also admitted
that when Internal Revenue Service agents asked them to file delinquent
employment tax returns, they falsely stated that all employee taxes were paid.

Additionally, the couple did not file quarterly tax returns for the remainder of
2005 or 2006. Those returns were filed in 2007.

Federal court officials said that from 2001 to 2006, the practice paid $25,000
in employment taxes and owed an additional $1.9 million.

Distinctive Dental remains open for business, but it filed for bankruptcy under
Chapter 11 last week and there is an ongoing effort to sell the practice,
according to Dr. Hustead's attorney, Harry Trainor.

Dr. Hustead's sentence begins Feb. 6.

---

hrawlyk@capgaznews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

Latest Round in Tax Evasion Fight Pits Banks vs. IRS

BYLINE: Kevin Wack

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM; Pg. 2 Vol. 176 No. 209

LENGTH: 987  words


WASHINGTON - An IRS proposal to require U.S. banks to report the interest earned
by certain foreign depositors has revived a decade-old fight in the battle over
how far authorities should go to fight tax evasion.

It is an issue with much more emotional resonance than most matters that come
before the House subcommittee on financial institutions. At a hearing Thursday,
witnesses who oppose the proposed regulation said that it might lead to
kidnappings in foreign countries, while a supporter of the IRS proposal argued
that its opponents have a vested interest in shielding criminals.

Under the proposal, banks would have to report interest earned in individual
accounts by a category of individuals known as non-resident aliens. Often these
people spend part of the year in the United States, but they are citizens and
residents of another country.

Bankers, particularly those in Florida and Texas, which have a large share of
deposits from residents of Latin American countries, argued the plan may spark a
flurry of withdrawals from American banks, hurting lending and potentially
imperiling institutions that rely heavily on foreign deposits.

"I don't understand why this was proposed at a time when our economy is soft and
we're trying to create jobs," said Alex Sanchez, president and chief executive
officer of the Florida Bankers Association.

But supporters argue the plan would allow the IRS to catch tax evaders in other
countries. Interest on foreign bank deposits is not taxable in the United
States, but the money in those accounts could be evidence of tax evasion in
another country. If the IRS had information on such bank accounts, they could
share it with authorities in nations with which the United States has tax
treaties.

Rebecca Wilkins of Citizens for Tax Justice, which supports the regulation, said
that people who are paying taxes in their home countries have nothing to fear.

"Only depositors who are tax evaders, money launderers, drug dealers, human
traffickers, other criminals will have an incentive to move their funds," she
said.

But the witnesses who opposed the IRS regulation said that it would require
banks to invest in new technology. Their arguments got a sympathetic hearing
from both Republican and Democratic members of the subcommittee.

"Why should we be worried about collecting taxes for other countries?" asked
Rep. Blaine Luetkemeyer, R-Mo. "That's not our problem, is it?"

But Wilkins argued that it is in the interests of the United States to help
other countries recover the taxes they're owed. She cited an estimate from a
2008 Senate report that the United States loses approximately $100 billion each
year to tax evasion, and said that American officials need to be able to show
that they're helping other countries fight tax evasion in order to expect help
in return.

Ten years ago, the IRS attempted to impose the same regulation, but it received
blowback from Congress. The regulation that the IRS ultimately adopted in 2002
limits the rule's application to depositors from Canada.

Canada is a safer, less corrupt place than Mexico and Venezuela, the only two
nations in the Western hemisphere that have tax-sharing treaties with the United
States, opponents of the regulation argued. They and their congressional
supporters said that if the U.S. government shares personal financial
information with authorities in those countries, the account holders and their
relatives could be the targets of kidnappers.

"For us to think that Mexico and Venezuela under Hugo Chavez respect our privacy
laws is absurd," Sanchez said.

House Financial Services Chairman Spencer Bachus made a similar argument.

"Now, every day we read about a kidnapping in some of these countries, and in
some cases the death of the victim. Do we really want this blood on our hands?"
he asked.

But Wilkins responded forcefully to that argument, saying: "I want to tell you,
the U.S. already has blood on its hands."

"For every dollar of tax revenue that is taken out of the governments of
developing countries, it impairs the ability of those countries to provide
health and safety measures, to feed its citizens, to provide sanitation, to
provide health care, to provide military and police that is not corrupt," she
said. "Every time we facilitate a dollar coming out of those economies, we have
blood on our hands."

Neither side in the debate was able to cite an estimate on the amount of bank
deposits that would leave the United States as a result of the IRS proposal. The
plan's opponents said they have pressed U.S. officials for a cost-benefit
analysis, but the government has never produced one.

Thomas Cardwell, former commissioner of the Florida Office of Financial
Institutions, cited a survey that found that at 16 state-chartered banks in
Florida, 41% of the deposits were from non-resident aliens.

"What would happen if these deposits, or some subset of them, were lost?"
Cardwell asked. "A deposit run of 15% would put an institution in jeopardy."

Wilkins responded that she thinks the risk of a lot of capital leaving the
United States is small.

"But you don't know that?" asked Rep. James Renacci, R-Ohio.

Wilkins acknowledged that she didn't have solid numbers, but said that her
opponents don't, either.

The IRS regulation was proposed back in January, but it has yet to be finalized.
Opponents of the plan include the Independent Community Bankers of America and
the American Bankers Association.

"Individuals have a choice among solvent, stable banking systems in which to
keep deposits, which are easily transferred from one country to another," the
ICBA said in a statement submitted to the subcommittee. "Any adverse change in
terms may be enough to make them revisit their choices, or at a minimum, demand
higher rates."

Bills to stop the regulation have been introduced in both the House and Senate.
The House bill was referred to the Ways and Means Committee, which has yet to
act on the measure.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_AB


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

U.S. seeks names of clients at HSBC India;
Request is part of inquiry into offshore tax havens of Indian-Americans

BYLINE: BY LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 774 words

ABSTRACT

The request is part of a widening investigation into private services sold by
Swiss and Swiss-style banks that helped wealthy Americans avoid income taxes by
hiding money offshore.

FULL TEXT

Switzerland. The Caribbean. India?

The world of offshore tax havens have gained a surprising new contender now that
the U.S. Justice Department has asked a district court for permission to compel
HSBC, the global bank based in London, to turn over the names of wealthy
Indian-American clients suspected of evading taxes through offshore accounts at
the bank's affiliate in India.

The request, from the civil tax division of the Justice Department, is part of a
widening investigation into private offshore services sold by Swiss and other
banks that helped wealthy Americans avoid income taxes by hiding money offshore.

The lawsuit is an indication that the U.S. authorities are broadening their
scrutiny to include countries and regions beyond tax havens like Switzerland,
Liechtenstein, Singapore and much of the Caribbean.

India is not usually thought of in that category and does not appear on lists
compiled by research groups and government agencies.

The lawsuit shows that tax evasion ''is not Swiss-centric,'' said Lawrence S.
Horn, the chairman of the business crimes and tax litigation departments at
Sills Cummis & Gross, based in Newark, New Jersey. ''It shows that the I.R.S. is
moving east,'' referring to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service.

The U.S. authorities filed a similar request on UBS, the Swiss banking giant, in
2008. The government dropped the lawsuit last August after the Swiss government
agreed to turn over the names of 4,450 U.S. clients in connection with a broad
investigation into the bank's offshore private banking services. The bank also
paid $780 million to settle criminal accusations that it had defrauded the
I.R.S. by allowing wealthy Americans to hide billions of dollars in taxes in
secret offshore bank accounts.

Pressure on HSBC, one of the largest banks in the world, threatens to expose
more layers of  banking secrecy, a tradition that began in the Middle Ages and
that has spread around the world.

Last July and September, the Justice Department mailed ''target'' letters to
about 50 Indian-Americans with offshore bank accounts, telling them that they
were under scrutiny because of suspicions of offshore tax evasion through
accounts in India, Mr. Horn said.

Credit Suisse and Swiss cantonal banks are also under scrutiny. Robert Katzberg,
a white-collar criminal defense lawyer in New York, said that the pressure on
HSBC showed that ''the fallout of the UBS scandal, which still has far to go
within Switzerland, has spread to other countries.''

The request, made in papers filed Thursday in the U.S. District Court in San
Francisco, seeks to compel HSBC's main U.S. affiliate, HSBC Bank USA, to turn
over details of accounts held by wealthy Americans from 2002 through 2010
through the bank's affiliate in India, HSBC India. Approval from a U.S. District
Court judge is required before the Internal Revenue Service can issue the
summons.

HSBC Bank USA operated representative offices for HSBC India under the name
N.R.I. Services - N.R.I. stands for Non-Resident Indian - in New York and
Fremont, California, according to court documents. The private banking services
were offered to people of Indian origin living outside India.

In a statement, HSBC said that ''while we haven't seen the summons, HSBC does
not condone tax evasion and fully supports the U.S. efforts to promote
appropriate payment of taxes by U.S. taxpayers.'' It continued, ''While
complying with the law in all the jurisdictions in which it operates, including
India, HSBC cooperates with requests from U.S. authorities.''

The statement added: ''We have been engaged in a constructive dialogue with U.S.
authorities. We hope any 'I.R.S. Summons' issues can be resolved
expeditiously.'' A bank spokeswoman, Juanita Gutierrez, declined to comment
further.

In January, U.S. prosecutors indicted a former HSBC client, Vaibhav Dahake, who
was born in India and became a naturalized American citizen in 2006. Mr. Dahake,
according to court papers, told prosecutors that HSBC had sought out wealthy
Indian-Americans for undeclared offshore banking services through N.R.I.
Services. The bank was not identified in the papers but was confirmed at the
time as HSBC by people close to the matter. Mr. Dahake, according to his
indictment, told prosecutors that his banker had told him that no U.S.
disclosure forms were required, that the account was not taxable in India and
that no forms reporting the interest income would be filed with the I.R.S.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                 March 2, 2009

Commentary: In economic news, following the sounds that are all too familiar

BYLINE: Richard Cotton

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 839  words


The chickens are coming home to roost. And, you better have the coop in order
because come home, they must.

An almost daily diet of dire economic news has steeled me somewhat to
revelations of late. I stopped months ago asking myself, "What next?" The answer
I always got was, "Anything. "

Still, there have been surprises.

Several recent developments, though not directly related to each other,
exemplify the volatile times in which we live. In the end, however, they are
related, if in no other way than being signs of the times.

The end of Swiss banking?

It appears the once safe haven for criminal income tax evasion is coming to an
end, and before the dust settles it's likely that tens of thousands of tax
cheats will either be paying up handsomely or spending some years in federal
prisons or both.

The I.R.S. wants from UBS, Switzerland's biggest bank the names of 53,000 U.S.
citizens suspected of tax evasion (as of this writing, the bank had agreed to
only 250-300 names, but that is likely to change as public outrage grows).

It should be noted that Swiss banks are far from pristine, squeaky-clean
financial institutions above reproach; many will recall them being forced to
admit complicity helping Nazis move Jewish assets into those fascists' private
accounts during World War II.

The fact that UBS - in time, other banks will follow - is being forced to come
clean is itself an earthshaking phenomenon. That wealthy Americans are greedy
enough to seek refuge from paying taxes on the money they earned in their own
country is downright reprehensible.

I look for Mississippians to be caught in the shakeup as offshore depositors are
listed in the public record.

"The man behind the curtain"

I live about seven miles from Baldwyn in Saltillo, but am temporarily in
Houston, Texas. On Feb. 17, the local Texas and national news media were ablaze
about the raid and closure of Houston-headquartered Stanford Financial Group.

Imagine my surprise when I checked Mississippi papers online, as I do daily, to
learn that No. 2 and No. 3 - James Davis and Laura Pendergest-Holt - in the
Stanford house-of-cards financial empire are residents of tiny Baldwyn, working
out of an office in Tupelo. Both were named in the suit.

In the darkest tradition of Bernie Madoff, here were two Mississippians running
a company whose primary function appears to be bilking as many people as
possible out of as much money as possible. Poof, it's gone.

R. Allen Stanford, it seems, was the wizard of his own Oz. Even if no other
Mississippians are named in future suits or indictments, there are likely many
who have lost substantial sums of money in the scheme.

Maybe they would have been better off putting their money into Swiss accounts.

Last, but not least

The $787-billion economic stimulus package was signed into law Feb. 18. The
majority of Mississippi's congressional delegation and its governor opposed the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act.

I doubt they will oppose getting the funds. Sure, they are kicking up some dust
about some of the particular issues and complain about "strings attached," but
they'll be right at the front of the money line.

Which brings me to my personal apprehension: It appears that each state governor
will be given substantial autonomy to decide where the funding goes.
Unfortunately, we in Mississippi aren't blessed with a governor whose
funding-direction apparatus necessarily operates in the best interests of its
citizens and small businesses, both of which are oft excluded.

Haley Barbour's decision to pull $600 million out of Katrina housing replacement
funding and spend it on expanding the Port of Gulfport is a good example. Suit
was filed in December against the state for that decision; whether people's
homes or ships' berths is the correct use for those funds may be decided in
court.

That is only the latest of numerous funding and taxation decisions that tend to
lend credence to the murmur that Barbour's interests are often at odds with what
is best for Mississippians.

Handing him billions more dollars could be problematic.

Fortunately, the ARRA architects included provisions for oversight by state
legislatures. Denying governors' spending priorities and even the right to
override rejection of receiving funds a governor declines are the rights of
those bodies.

Already, in neighboring Louisiana, Gov. Bobby Jindal has seen his $308-million
list of ARRA road and bridge projects wholly rejected by that state's joint
legislative spending committee. Among the package items was $1 million Jindal
earmarked for construction in rural West Carroll Parish for "a bridge at the end
of a mud road that serves a private enterprise," according to a Baton Rouge
Advocate newspaper story.

One state senator, continued the story, "said he wants to know who the unnamed
private enterprise on the other side of the bridge contributed to in order to
get on the administration's list. "

That sounds all too familiar.

Richard Cotton is a freelance journalist from Saltillo. He can be reached at
rcotton4@earthlink.net

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday

BONDS' LAWYERS BRACE FOR WORST

BYLINE: BRIAN COSTELLO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 514 words


Barry Bonds' day of reckoning appears to be near, and his legal team is bracing
for the impending fight.

Bonds' legal team believes the Giants slugger could be indicted on charges of
tax evasion and perjury as soon as next week. Attorney Laura Enos told The
Associated Press yesterday that the lawyers believe the grand jury investigating
Bonds will expire next Thursday.

"We are very prepared," Enos said. "We have excellent tax records and we are all
very comfortable that he has not shortchanged the government at all."

The grand jury has been investigating Bonds, second on the career home run list,
for at least the last four months. It is believed they are looking into whether
the Giants outfielder perjured himself before the BALCO grand jury in December
2003 when he testified he never knowingly used steroids, according to leaked
grand jury testimony that appeared in The San Francisco Chronicle.

Bonds also is believed to be under investigation for tax evasion in connection
with money he allegedly provided to former girlfriend Kimberly Bell. The money
is alleged to have come from memorabilia and autograph sales, income Bonds never
reported to the IRS.

Stephen Hoskins, a childhood friend of Bonds' and his former business partner,
reportedly testified against the Giants slugger. Hoskins and Bonds had a
memorabilia business together, but the two had a falling out in 2003.

Bell also testified against Bonds and told the grand jury that Bonds said he
used performance-enhancing drugs and that he had "roid rage," according to
testimony obtained by The San Francisco Chronicle.

Enos told the AP yesterday those allegations are false and called Bell's
testimony "pillow talk."

"It's a he-said, she-said thing," Enos said.

One person who refused to testify against Bonds is his childhood friend and
trainer Greg Anderson. He served three months in prison for steroid distribution
after entering into a plea bargain in the BALCO case. Anderson went back to
prison on July 5 after refusing to testify to the current grand jury
investigating Bonds. The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday refused to
free Anderson.

Bonds, who turns 42 on July 24, has remained quiet on his legal troubles. He did
comment this week to MLB.com.

"I don't usually comment [on the case] because I don't know how to comment on
it," said Bonds. "I don't know why the government is doing what it's doing. It
doesn't make any sense to me. I don't know how to discuss the case. I really
don't. Maybe later on I'll be able to. I try not to think about it. I try to
keep my mind as clear as I can and as positive as I can."

Bonds said the possible indictment has not affected him on the field. He's
batting .249 this season with 12 home runs and 38 RBI. He has 720 career home
runs, 35 shy of Hank Aaron's record.

"Anything outside [the game] I really don't worry about," he said. "I can't deal
with it. I don't really know how to deal with it. One day I will. One day I'll
be able to. When I have time. I just have to stay strong, that's all. Stay
focused. And just keep on producing."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TROUBLE AHEAD:Barry Bonds' time in San Francisco could be headed for a
bad finish, as the slugger's attorney's said yesterday Bonds seems on the verge
of being indicted for tax evasion and perjury. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       June 4, 2004 Friday FINAL EDITION

Ex-fugitive pleads guilty to tax evasion, fraud A one-time high-flying Denver
businessman, who fled the U.S. in 1991 to dodge a $ 25 million tax bill, says he
is now "destitute."

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-03

LENGTH: 492 words


Colorado's biggest case of 'pump and run' could finally come to a  close after
13 years.


Thomas Quintin, a one-time high-flying Denver businessman who  famously fled to
the Cayman Islands with his wife in 1991, pleaded  guilty Thursday to 112
federal counts of tax evasion and mail fraud  over unpaid fuel taxes.


It was a humbler and grayer Quintin, dressed plainly in a wrinkled  tan
jumpsuit, who listened intently during a half-hour appearance  before U.S.
District Court Judge Wiley Daniel. Quintin could  receive up to 12 years and a $
125,000 fine based on his plea  agreement.


His court-appointed defender, Edward Harris, is arguing for  probation on the
grounds that Quintin has been behind bars since  1998, mostly in a Canadian
prison known for its harsh conditions.


Quintin owned Max Oil Inc., which ran the now-defunct Pit Stops and  Mini Stop
stations in Nebraska, Wyoming and Colorado.


Prosecutors, led by Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Brown, estimate  Max Oil
dodged $ 25 million in federal and state fuel taxes.


'I became involved in a scheme that did not pay all the taxes due  on the fuel,'
Quintin told Daniel. 'In the end, I made a stupid  move by leaving the country
and moving to the Cayman Islands.'


Quintin and his wife, Sandra Westphal, fled Colorado while under  investigation
in California on tax-evasion charges. Brown told the  court that Quintin
continued to commit additional tax fraud while  on the run until 1993, when his
company sought bankruptcy  protection.


While a fugitive, Quintin also gave a celebrated interview to The  Denver Post
that was widely viewed as thumbing his nose at local  law enforcement.


Had the couple stayed in the Caymans, which doesn't extradite tax  fugitives,
their fate might have played out differently.


Instead, the two moved to Toronto in 1998, bought a mansion and  made plans to
start a chain of jewelry stores.


Canadian authorities nabbed the pair while they were getting into a  limousine
to attend a performance of 'Les Miserables,' a musical  about a fugitive, Brown
said.


Westphal suffered a serious auto accident after posting bond in  Canada. Her
treatment and a 'supposed friend' who drained his  remaining assets left him
broke, Quintin told the court.


Once accustomed to living in luxurious residences in Cherry Hills,  the Caymans
and Toronto, he told the court, 'I am destitute.'


Quintin resisted extradition from Canada until his return in  January 2003.
Westphal has not been extradited.


'My wife left me, and there was no reason to stay there,' he  said. The two
haven't had a conversation since October 2001, when  she told him to not call
again, Quintin said.


Daniel said he would not rule on Quintin's guilty plea until his  sentencing
date, set for Oct. 29.


Staff writer Aldo Svaldi can be reached at 303-820-1410 or
asvaldi@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 04, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                              July 28, 2006 Friday

Former health care company owners indicted

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 251 words


Jul. 28--DENVER - Two former Greeley health-care company owners have been
indicted in what is being called one of the largest tax fraud cases in Colorado
history.

William C. Crabbe, 56, of Kersey and James S. Rowan, 54, of Greeley, owners of
Columbine Health Care Systems, Inc., were indicted this week by a federal grand
jury in Denver several counts of failing to pay payroll taxes and tax evasion.

Both are set to appear at 2 p.m., Aug. 10, in U.S. District Court in Denver.

Columbine Health Care Systems, a national nurse staffing agency, went out of
business in June 2003.

From 2000 to 2002, the indictment states Crabbe failed to pay more than $4.24
million in taxes and Rowan failed to pay more than $4.24 million in taxes.

The indictment also alleges that both defendants evaded the IRS in 2001 by
concealing their income of approximately $200,000 by using a shell company,
Global Management LLC, thus avoiding paying the IRS more than $70,000 in taxes
owed.

Both men each face 11 counts of failure to pay over employee federal payroll
taxes, 11 counts of failure to pay taxes; Crabbe faces two counts of filing
false tax returns, and one count of tax evasion, while Rowan faces one count of
tax evasion.

Copyright (c) 2006, Greeley Tribune, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060728-GY-0728-Former-health-care-company-owners-indicted

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2006 Greeley Tribune


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 30, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

BROOKLYNITE PLEADS GUILTY TO EVADING STATE GAS TAX

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 28, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 541 words


A Brooklyn man with reputed ties to organized crime has pleaded guilty to
evading state gasoline taxes in a scheme to confuse auditors with paperwork. He
has agreed to pay $3 million in back taxes over the next five years, the
authorities said yesterday.

Attorney General Robert Abrams said the restitution, by Michael Markowitz, 40
years old, of 2415 Arkansas Drive in the Mill Basin section, was the largest sum
of back taxes ever assessed against a person in the state. Cartier's, the Fifth
Avenue jewelry emporium, agreed last January to pay $2.2 million after admitting
that it had falsified sales tax records.

Mr. Markowitz is listed by the Attorney General as a member of an
organized-crime group of East European immigrants in Brooklyn and an associate
of Michael Franzese, a reputed captain of the Colombo crime family. Mr.
Markowitz pleaded guilty in Albany County Court Thursday to one felony count of
state tax evasion and two attempted tax-evasion misdemeanors.

Sentencing in February

He could face up to four years in prison, but sentencing by Judge Joseph Harris
was put off until next February to evaluate his compliance with a schedule of
restitution that calls for a $1 million bond by Dec. 20, payments totaling
$750,000 this year and the balance in a series of installments continuing
through 1991.

The scheme that led to the plea by Mr. Markowitz, according to Nathan Riley, a
spokesman for Mr. Abrams, is known as a ''daisy chain'' and unfolded in 1982 and
1983 in Brooklyn and on Long Island. Mr. Riley said it helped its underworld
promoters evade state taxes on millions of gallons of wholesale gasoline.

Mr. Riley said Mr. Markowitz and others brought gasoline into the state legally
from refineries in New Jersey and elsewhere and stored it in depots, including
the Oceanside Oil Terminal in Oceanside, L.I., which was owned by Mr. Markowitz.

State law at that time required that taxes be paid by a wholesaler before
gasoline was sent into the retail distribution chain. And while several
wholesalers might own a particular lot of gasoline at different times, the law
said only one owner needed to pay the taxes.

Bogus Wholesale Concerns

To confuse state tax auditors, Mr. Abrams charged, Mr. Markowitz and others set
up a group of bogus wholesale gasoline distributorships and sold the gasoline
among them in swift transactions - often half a dozen a week - creating
voluminous paperwork that left chains of ownership and tax responsibility in
doubt.

Mr. Riley said the taxes were always owed by one company in the chain, Shoppers
Marketing Inc., whose president was a Polish-born house painter who spoke no
English and lived in a room in a Brooklyn boarding house.

Mr. Markowitz and two other men, David Bogatin, 41, of Brooklyn, and Joseph
Skolnik, 64, of Roslyn Harbor, L.I., were indicted last year on 14 counts of tax
evasion. Charges against Mr. Bogatin and Mr. Skolnik are pending.

To avoid other such schemes, Mr. Riley said, the Legislature last year passed a
law to have the taxes paid by the first wholesaler to import gasoline into the
state. Roderick G. W. Chu, the State Commissioner of Taxation and Finance, says
the law has increased tax revenues by $125 million this year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

MARC RICH INDICTED IN VAST TAX EVASION CASE

BYLINE: By ERIC N. BERG

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1263 words


Marc Rich, one of the world's leading commodity traders, was indicted yesterday
by a Federal grand jury on charges that he and a partner had evaded $48 million
in income taxes. Prosecutors said it was the biggest tax- fraud indictment in
history.

The two men were also accused of buying oil from Iran after trade with that
nation had been declared illegal in response to the Nov. 4, 1979, seizure of
American hostages.

Mr. Rich, a reclusive multimillionaire, and his partner, Pincus Green, were
charged with 51 counts of tax evasion, rackeetering and fraud. Through a
spokesman, both men declared themselves innocent.

At a news conference at the United States Court House in lower Manhattan,
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, said Mr. Rich and Mr. Green had concealed $100 million in oil-trading
revenues in 1980 and 1981.

''It is the largest income-tax evasion indictment ever returned by a grand
jury,'' Mr. Giuliani said. He said he had confirmed this with the Internal
Revenue Service.

The 51 counts in the indictment carry penalties ranging from 5 years in jail and
a $1,000 fine to 20 years and a $25,000 fine. If the defendants are convicted
and given consecutive sentences, they could serve life terms, prosecutors said.
Mr. Rich is 48 years old; Mr. Green is 49.

For more than a year, Federal prosecutors have tried to show that Mr. Rich and
Mr. Green used a complex oil-pricing scheme to illegally reduce their Federal
income taxes.

In March 1982, a Federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from Marc Rich &
Company A.G., a Swiss commodity trading firm owned by Mr. Rich and Mr. Green.
The jury also subpoeaned documents from Marc Rich & Company International of New
York, Marc Rich A.G.'s United States trading arm.

Although Marc Rich International relinquished many of the documents, Marc Rich
A.G. contended that as a foreign concern, it did not have to comply. It began
paying fines of $50,000 a day after being held in contempt, and eventually paid
more than $2 million before reaching a settlement with the court.

Mr. Rich and Mr. Green, meanwhile, who according to prosecutors conspired to
disobey the subpoena, have failed to appear in court. Prosecutors say the two
men are fugitives in Switzerland. Both had been living in New York.

The indictment names both men as co-defendants, as well as Marc Rich A.G. and
Marc Rich International.

It also charged Clyde Meltzer, 38 years old, formerly vice president in charge
of crude oil trading at Listo Petroleum Inc. of Houston, with 28 counts of tax
evasion, racketeering and fraud. According to the indictment, Mr. Meltzer, hired
in 1982 as an oil trader for Mr. Rich, participated in a conspiracy to evade
about $33 million of the $48 million.

None of the accused men could be reached for comment. Mr. Meltzer, who lives in
Manhattan, did not answer his telephone. Mr. Rich and Mr. Green, longtime
friends who have gained a reputation as among the wealthiest commodity traders
in the world, have refused all requests for interviews. But a statement issued
in Zug, Switzerland, where Marc Rich A.G. has its headquarters, said the men
considered themselves innocent.

Although warrants were issued yesterday morning for the arrest of both men, Mr.
Giuliani said he had been informed by the State Department that Mr. Rich was
seeking to renounce his United States citizenship to become a citizen of Spain.

But John P. Caulfield, spokesman for the State Department's Bureau of Consular
Affairs, said such a move would not extinguish Mr. Rich's criminal liability in
the United States.

It was also unclear if Mr. Rich or Mr. Green could be extradited from
Switzerland to the United States. Although the United States has a treaty with
Switzerland to extradite criminals, a Swiss official said yesterday that the
pact did not cover tax matters because tax evasion was not a crime in
Switzerland. Nor, the official added, does the treaty cover the act of trading
with an enemy.

Statement by Swiss

''If there are other crimes that Mr. Rich and Mr. Green are accused of that fall
under the treaty, the Swiss will cooperate,'' said Josef Aregger, Swiss Consul
in New York. But, he said, it would be ''most unlikely'' that the Swiss would
extradite the commodity traders on the basis of allegations of tax evasion or
trading with Iran. The treaty calls for cooperation only in cases of murder,
robbery, burglary, counterfeiting, forgery, embezzlement and breach of trust
involving a fiduciary.

Citing their secrecy laws, Swiss Justice Ministry officials have said that to
produce the papers subpoenaed would violate the privacy of firms with which Marc
Rich does business. The Swiss have also accused the United States of failing to
follow established diplomatic procedures to obtain the documents.

Yesterday Swiss officials said they would take additional action to protect the
documents subpoenaed from Marc Rich A.G. in Switzerland. In Washington, Swiss
Embassy officials said they would hold a news conference this afternoon at the
United Nations to explain their position.

According to yesterday's indictment, Mr. Rich and Mr. Green in effect sold oil
that was under price controls in the United States at free-market prices. The
men then shifted millions of dollars in illegal profits overseas, the indictment
said, and concocted $33 million in illegal tax deductions by falsifying invoices
of transactions between Marc Rich A.G. and its foreign subsidiaries.

The oil trading scheme was executed with the help of Listo Petroleum, Mr.
Meltzer's firm, and the West Texas Marketing Corporation of Abilene, Tex,
according to the indictment. Neither was indicted, although Mr. Meltzer was. He
has until next Thursday to appear in Federal court for arraignment, prosecutors
said.

Prosecutors seemed particularly pleased by the grand jury indictment, which
followed months of hearings. In an unusual public display, they invited
reporters and cameramen into the law libary of the United States Attorney's
Office, where they read parts of the indictment aloud.

Seated at a dais, the prosecutors, joined by agents of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Treasury Department and the United States Customs Service -
all participants in the investigation - then fielded questions on the outlook
for Mr. Rich, Mr.  Green and their business interests.

Under United States law, neither of the men can be tried without being in court.
But prosecutors said yesterday they could hold a court proceeding against the
two Marc Rich companies even if the owners were not present.

And if prosecutors succeed in convicting the firms, they could, under a new
Federal racketeering law, seek to seize their domestic assets. This could lead
to a Government seizure of the 50 percent share in the 20th Century-Fox Film
Corporation that is held by one of the Marc Rich entities under indictment. In
Los Angeles, Jerry Greenberg, a spokesman for Fox Film, declined to comment on
this possibility.

The charge of trading with an enemy relates to purchases by Marc Rich firms of
more than 6 million barrels of crude from the Iranian National Oil Company,
according to the indictment.

The purchases, which cost more $200 million, led to the outflow of hundreds of
millions of dollars from United States banks to the Iranian company when the
United States was seeking to sever economic relations with Iran, the indictment
said. It was unclear how these funds could have flowed to Iran; at the time,
banking channels from the West to Teheran were virtually shut.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2012 Thursday

Floyds Knobs couple arrested for tax evasion, theft

BYLINE: Matt Koesters, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


Nov. 29--> SOUTHERN INDIANA -- Two Floyds Knobs residents already facing
prostitution charges in Clark County were arrested Thursday for tax evasion,
theft and corrupt business influence.

The Indiana State Police arrested Ivan. J. Deleon, 36, and Jeanacarol Kaufman,
38, at their Floyds Knobs home. Both are being held in Clark County Jail on
$20,000 bonds.

Deleon and Kaufman are both charged with corrupt business influence, a class C
felony, and sales tax evasion, income tax evasion and theft, all class D
felonies.

Deleon and Kaufman operated a massage parlor called My Studio 1501 along North
Shore Drive in Jeffersonville until August 2011, when it was shut down as part
of an undercover police investigation. Five women were arrested on charges of
prostitution at the time. Deleon and Kaufman face two counts of promoting
prostitution, a Class C felony, with a jury trial scheduled for Jan. 29 in Clark
County Circuit Court 1.

Deleon and Kaufman also operated Natural Healing of Kentuckiana in Clarksville,
which was shut down on two separate occasions by town officials for operating
without a permit.

ISP Detective Tim Densby initiated a criminal investigation that led to the most
recent charges after receiving information in August from the Indiana Department
of Revenue that Deleon and Kaufman had failed to file Indiana income taxes for
My Studio 1501, according to an ISP release.

Corrupt business influence is committed when a person knowingly or intentionally
receives proceeds from a pattern of racketeering activity and uses those
proceeds to operate a criminal enterprise, per Indiana Code 35-45-6-2.

The theft charge stems from the failure to pay income taxes, said ISP Sgt. Todd
Ringle.

"Just simply by having the business and not paying the sales tax as required by
law, that constitutes theft," Ringle said.

According to the probable cause affidavit, Deleon and Kaufman would rent out
rooms at My Studio 1501 where male and female employees would provide body rubs,
showers and sexual acts to clients.

"I interviewed two former employees, and both employees told me that Deleon and
Kaufman would keep 60 percent of the room rental and the employees would be able
to keep 40 percent of the room rentals as earnings," Densby wrote in the
affidavit. "These room rentals were considered to be commerce under State of
Indiana laws. Since these room rentals were considered commerce, Deleon, Kaufman
and My 1501 Studio would have to pay Indiana sales tax as required by law.

"I checked with the Indiana Department of Revenue. During this time period, the
Indiana Department of Revenue never received any sales-tax payments from Deleon,
Kaufman or My 1501 Studio."

Indiana sales-tax filings are required to be settled monthly.

Deleon has been an Indiana resident since Feb. 27, 2007, while Kaufman has been
an Indiana resident since Aug. 25, 2006, according to the affidavit. According
to the document, neither of the two have filed state income tax returns since
becoming residents.

___ (c)2012 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121129-JB-Floyds-Knobs-couple-arrested-for-tax-evasion
-theft-1129-20121129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2012 The Evening News and The Tribune

                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 19, 2008 Monday

Escort service owner and wife are indicted

LENGTH: 158 words


A federal grand jury called by the U.S. District Court in Salt Lake City
returned indictments Wednesday on Roy B. Hoskins, owner of Companions Escort
Service, and his wife, Jodi Hoskins, the business's office manager. The two were
charged with attempted income tax evasion.

Court documents indicate that the charges stem from an individual tax return
filed in 2001 by Roy Hoskins, and a joint return filed in 2002, the year the two
were married. A statement released by U.S. Attorney Brett Tolman alleges the
Hoskins "knowingly omitted substantial income" in both filings.

Roy Hoskins, charged with two counts of tax evasion, claimed $16,283 in taxable
income in 2001, and the couple jointly claimed $70,064 in taxable income in
2002. Jodi Hoskins is charged with a single count of tax evasion on the 2002
filing.

If convicted, the defendants could face sentences of up to five years
imprisonment or a fine of $250,000 -- or both -- for each charge.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri Convicted
of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of
Missouri has issued the following news release:



  A federal jury sitting in St. Louis, Missouri, found the local owner of tax
return preparation businesses guilty of two counts of tax evasion, announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division.





 "While Semere Tsehaye was operating tax return preparation franchises in three
states, he was generating false financial summaries and filing fraudulent
returns to evade paying his own taxes," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "No one is above the law, and the department will continue to
prosecute those who seek to violate our nation's tax laws."



 According to the evidence at trial, Semere Tsehaye, was the owner and operator
of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating in and
around East Saint Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; and Kansas City and St.
Louis, Missouri, from 2005 to 2011.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial LLC,
a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.  Tsehaye
owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named A&S Tax
Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).



 The evidence at trial showed that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye
generated fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts
generated by A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer.  The
evidence also showed Tsehaye's tax return preparer used these financial
summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then
filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in
that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of approximately
$547,000 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, causing a tax loss of more than
$580,000.



 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade his taxes by creating false financial summaries
to conceal over $1.5 million of income and by filing false tax returns is a
theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS-Criminal Investigation.  "We all pay when others swindle the government."



 In 2013, a Kansas City, Kansas, federal court permanently enjoined Tsehaye and
A&S from further operating a tax preparation business or preparing federal tax
returns.



 Sentencing is scheduled for January 4, 2017.  Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum
sentence of five years in prison for each count of tax evasion, as well as a
period of supervised release and monetary penalties.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation, and Senior
Litigation Counsel Corey Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax
Division, who are prosecuting the case.  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District
of Missouri for their assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rock Springs Resident Convicted of Tax Evasion and Misuse of a
Social Security Number

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 U.S. Attorney for the District of Wyoming Christopher A. Crofts announced today
that on June 27, a jury convicted Jaime Nieto, age 53, of Rock Springs on
charges of tax evasion and misuse of a social security number. The evidence at
trial showed that Jaime Nieto unlawfully concealed assets available to pay his
tax debt by opening and maintaining bank accounts using a social security number
which did not belong to him and by using his business checking account, which
the IRS could not levy to collect his personal tax debt, for all of his personal
expenses. Sentencing is scheduled for September 5, 2016, before Chief United
States District Judge Nancy D. Freudenthal. Jaime Nieto faces a maximum penalty
for tax evasion of five years in prison and a $100,000 fine. Nieto faces a
maximum penalty for misuse of a social security number of five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine. The case was investigated by special agents from the
Cheyenne office of IRS Criminal Investigation and prosecuted by the United
States Attorney's Office for the District of Wyoming.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            February 23, 2001 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Hillary brother brokers pardons for $770,000;
UNITED STATES

BYLINE: Gay Alcorn, Herald Correspondent, in Washington

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 459 words


Another day, another Clinton scandal. This time, former president Bill Clinton
and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton had to deny they knew that nearly $US400,000
($769,000) was paid to her brother, Hugh, for his help in convincing the
president to pardon two felons a convicted drug smuggler and a convicted
swindler.

Florida lawyer Hugh Rodham received the cash after working for Carlos Vignali,
who walked out of prison on January 20 after serving six years of a 15-year
sentence for cocaine trafficking. He was a first-time drug offender, and Mr
Clinton commuted his sentence.

Mr Rodham also acted for Almon Glenn Braswell, who was pardoned for his 1983
conviction of fraud, perjury and tax evasion concerning his endorsement of a
baldness cure. It was later revealed that prosecutors were still investigating
him for another tax evasion scheme.

Mr Clinton, embroiled in controversy over his 140 pardons just before he left
office last month, released a short statement: "Neither Hillary nor I had any
knowledge of such payments. We are deeply disturbed by these reports and have
insisted that Hugh return any monies received."

His wife, reportedly furious that the scandals have overshadowed her senatorial
debut, released her own statement: "I was very disturbed to learn that my
brother, Hugh Rodham, received fees in connection with two clemency
applications. Hugh did not speak with me about these applications."

Mr Rodham, an occasional golfing partner of Mr Clinton, said through lawyers
that he had returned the money but there had been no impropriety. He said
neither his sister nor Mr Clinton were aware that he was working on the cases
until this week.

"He has returned these fees solely because his family asked that he do so. Their
request, presumably made because of the appearance of impropriety, is one he
cannot ignore," his statement said.

The new cases, along with the pardon of billionaire fugitive Marc Rich, have
increased perceptions that the constitutional pardon power of the president is
particularly useful to those with money or connections.

Former deputy independent counsel Robert Bittman said while there was probably
nothing illegal about Mr Rodham acting as a lawyer to the two men, "he is not
known as the premier pardon attorney in the United States they hired him because
of his connections with the Clintons".

A source close to the Clintons told the Associated Press the pardons were made
on their merits.

The rift between the former president and Democrats has deepened as details of
the pardons have emerged. Former president Jimmy Carter said this week there was
no doubt that Rich's large gifts to Israel and the influence of his former wife,
Denise, were factors in the pardon.

"That was, in my opinion, disgraceful," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                               May 8, 2016 Sunday

View from US: History's most notorious tax evader

BYLINE: ANJUM NIAZ

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 129

LENGTH: 1053  words


The money trail may have gone cold. But here's the smoking gun: the recent dash
of the prime minister to London on the pretext of getting his heart checked;
then venturing out to perhaps dump some of his stashed away wealth to balance
the books, at luxury stores where billionaires shop. Tax evasion is a crime that
gets most crooks nailed and thrown into the clinker. The best foot forward then,
for the judicial commission probing Panama, is to zero in on the tax evasion by
200 odd Pakistanis, including the three children of Nawaz Sharif. Obviously,
their millions suddenly didn't grow wings to fly off and land in offshore
accounts. Nor did their money breed on trees. It must have arrived from
somewhere; it must have its source of earning somewhere. Did it arrive in
foreign banks from Pakistan? Was it 'earned' in Pakistan?

Capitalism is the legitimate racket of the ruling class, said a man who believed
that money made by the ruling class through ill-legal means was just fine. It
was their birthright. After all, the ruling classes were above the law, said Al
Capone, one of the most infamous American gangsters, the don of the Chicago
mafia, in the 1930s, during the Prohibition era. A cold blooded killer and a
bootlegger, who stockpiled a personal fortune touching $100 million at that
time, Al Capone always managed to slip out of the law enforcement net. Until one
day, when the government tracked down his documented earnings. He was found to
have evaded paying taxes on his ill-gotten wealth. Boom! Capone was convicted
and sent to Alcatraz Prison in 1934 on tax evasion charges. Alcatraz Island was
a maximum high-security federal prison just off the coast of San Francisco,
California.

Who was Al Capone and how did he make a fortune? A child from an Italian
immigrant family from Naples, his father, Gabriele, was a barber. The family
lived in a tough neighbourhood of Brooklyn in New York. Despite having been a
promising student, Capone was expelled at the age of 14 for hitting a female
teacher. He never did go back to school again. Biography.com details his
criminal activities with intimate details of the life and times of this tax
evader. After Prohibition was enacted, banning alcohol, Capone's business empire
flourished. In 1925, he became the crime czar of Chicago, running gambling,
prostitution and bootlegging rackets, and expanding his territories by the
gunning down of rivals and rival gangs.

The judicial commission must zero in on tax evasion by 200 Pakistanis, including
the three children of Nawaz Sharif. Obviously, their millions didn't suddenly
grow wings to fly off and land in offshore accounts. Were they 'earned' in, and
sent, from Pakistan?

So how was Capone finally trapped? Here's the punch line: The accountants in the
tax department, known as the IRS (Internal Revenue Service), performed due
diligence to comb through Capone's earnings over the years. The IRS in America
is relatively free of government interference, even though its commissioner is
nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate. In May 1927, the US
Supreme Court ruled that a bootlegger had to pay income tax on his illegal
bootlegging business. With such a ruling, it wasn't long before the small
Special Intelligence Unit of the IRS under Commissioner Elmer Irey was able to
go after Al Capone, we are told by the biography website. Meanwhile, Capone
moved with his wife and son to Miami, splurging on a property worth millions to
live in.

Thus far, Capone had managed to escape the tax department's grip around him
because all his business dealings were in hard cash that had no trail - except
the multi-million dollar Miami mansion that he bought. The price was documented
in government records thus prompting the IRS to move swiftly with this
invaluable piece of information, as proof of Capone's declared income on which
he had paid no tax. The grand jury indicted Capone on 22 counts of tax evasion,
totaling over $200,000. He was sentenced to 11 years in prison.

Here's a tip for the judicial commission probing Sharif's offshore accounts:
Raiwind Palace - built in 17 months in 1997. How much did the Sharifs pay for
the sprawling acreage and building? Based on that magic figure, how much tax was
paid by the family? Here's another perfectly legitimate question for Pakistanis
to ask: Why has our revenue collecting machinery, known as the FBR (Federal
Bureau of Revenue), failed hopelessly to catch tax evaders' past and present?
FBR has a history of harvesting corrupt practices that the chairman, an
appointee of the government of the day, is helpless to remedy. Those like the
late Moeen Khan, who tried to clean the FBR, got kicked out by the rulers of the
day. In Moeen's case, it was Nawaz Sharif in his second term as prime minister
who sacked Moeen for an operation against the shopkeepers in Lahore's Liberty
Market for non-payment of sales tax. The PM got a call from his brother,
Punjab's chief minister Shahbaz Sharif, to ask the FBR chairman to back off.
Later, Moeen was fired.

Here's one more first-person account from a reliable source: allegedly, years
ago tells me that years ago, the excise people at Lahore's dry port stopped
trucks smuggling imported iron slabs that were declared as iron scrap. The
trucks were bound for Ittefaq Foundry. Someone from the chief minister's house
phoned my source with orders, Tell your inspectors at the chungi to allow the
trucks to pass. My source had to comply or else get sacked. Tax evasion, that's
what it was; robbing the national exchequer of millions of rupees, while
smuggling imported iron slabs and declaring it as iron scrap to pay minimal tax!

Fast forward to 2016: Will the FBR have the courage to confront the sons and
daughter of a sitting prime minister for tax evasion? According to press
reports, FBR Chairman Nisar Muhammad Khan and his team have devised a strategy
to dig out the tax records of 200 individuals who own offshore companies, after
being told by the National Assembly's Standing Committee on Finance and Revenue.
But the FBR cannot move until its controller-in-chief, Finance Minister Ishaq
Dar, gives the green signal to proceed against the 200 tax evaders in accordance
with disclosures made through the Panama leaks.

Not in a million years will Dar allow his boss's three children to be exposed!

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved

                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 18, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Shine a Light on Secret Real Estate Deals

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 630 words


The Treasury Department announced last week that it would start demanding the
identities of the people behind the shell companies that rich foreigners use to
buy real estate in Manhattan and Miami-Dade County. This is a good step that
should help law enforcement agencies crack down on money laundering, tax evasion
and other crimes. But the program should be broadened to cover the whole
country, and it must be forcefully carried out.

In recent years, oligarchs, corrupt politicians, business executives and
suspected criminals have stashed billions of dollars of wealth in the United
States by buying condominiums, mansions and other costly assets. As documented
by The Times last year, these purchases are generally made through limited
liability corporations that are not required to disclose their owners or
beneficiaries. The secrecy is so complete that even law enforcement officials
say they are often unable to identify the true owners.

The crux of the problem is that states -- especially Delaware, Nevada and
Wyoming -- have made it easy for people to set up shell companies without
providing any personal information. While limited liability corporations have
many legitimate purposes, there is no justification for allowing owners to
shield their identities even from law enforcement and regulators. These states
appear to be mainly motivated by a desire to earn corporation filing fees, legal
costs and related revenue.

Unfortunately, efforts by lawmakers like Senator Charles Grassley, Republican of
Iowa, and Representative Carolyn Maloney, Democrat of New York, to require
greater disclosure have been thwarted by lobbying from the financial and real
estate industries and state governments. That makes it even more important that
the Treasury Department take stronger action than it has so far.

The department currently requires mortgage lenders to know the identities of the
true owners of shell companies in transactions that involve loans.  Lenders also
have to report suspicious activity to the department. Under the new policy, the
department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network will require real estate title
companies to report to it the true owners of limited liability companies that
buy properties without loans. However, the order applies only to Manhattan and
Miami-Dade County, and will be effective for only 180 days, starting in March.

At the end of that period, after studying trends and activities, the agency will
decide whether to extend and broaden the program. It is absurd that regulators
would not require such basic transparency as a matter of course. The current
system practically condones money laundering and tax evasion. It lays out the
welcome mat for foreigners hiding assets from their governments, making the
United States one of the world's biggest tax havens.

For the same reasons, the Treasury Department should adopt pending regulations
that would require banks, brokerages and other financial firms to know who owns
the limited liability companies whose accounts they manage. The rule ought to
apply to existing and new accounts. Washington should also share the data it
collects with other governments to help them identify tax evasion and other
crimes. The United States already requires banks in other countries to report
money Americans hold abroad. It is only fair that this country reciprocate.

Supporters of the current system may argue that requiring more transparency
would burden financial institutions without ending money laundering and tax
evasion. While determined criminals will find ways to thwart the law, that
doesn't justify doing nothing about this hole in financial regulations.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/01/18/opinion/shine-a-light-on-secret-real-estate-de
als.html

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY RYAN PELTIER)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company

                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

California Resident Sentenced to Prison for Tax Evasion Resulting from
Multimillion-Dollar Advance Fee Scheme in Maryland

LENGTH: 648  words


A Corona, California, woman was sentenced today in the U.S. District Court in
the District of Maryland to serve two years in prison to be followed by three
years of supervised release after pleading guilty to one count of tax evasion,
announced Acting Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Justice
Department's Tax Division and U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein of the District of
Maryland.


Yvette Johnson, formerly of Laytonsville, Maryland, was sentenced by U.S.
District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow.  As a special condition of Johnson's
supervised release, she is required to cooperate with the Internal Revenue
Service (IRS) to determine all taxes owed for tax years 2002 through 2009, and
to pay the IRS all additional taxes, interest and penalties.
Johnson's husband, Shannon Johnson, was sentenced in June 2014 to serve seven
years in prison after pleading guilty to an advance fee scheme and tax evasion.
The Johnsons were indicted by a federal grand jury in June 2013 for mail and
wire fraud charges, as well as tax fraud charges, in connection with a scheme to
defraud investors.  Shannon Johnson admitted that he ran a fraudulent advance
fee scheme from 2006 to 2009, wherein Johnson presented himself as a wealthy
international investment banker who could provide millions of dollars and euros
in financing to businesses and individuals.  In return for substantial advance
banking fees, the indictment alleged that the Johnsons promised to provide
investors with money which they claimed they held in an overseas bank account.
Shannon Johnson provided these businesses and investors with false documents
purporting to be from the overseas bank to authenticate the funds.  The Johnsons
developed relationships with pastors, ministers and religious-based
organizations to sell themselves as philanthropists on a humanitarian mission.
Shannon Johnson received payments and gifts from pastors and ministers who
believed substantial donations would be made to their churches.  Businesses and
individuals wired and mailed the advance fees to multiple bank accounts
controlled by the Johnsons in different states.  Yvette Johnson opened bank
accounts and conducted financial transactions using proceeds obtained from the
Johnsons' business activities.
The Johnsons spent the $3.7 million in advance fees from individuals and
businesses to support their lifestyle, which the indictment alleges included:
the purchase of Bentley, Mercedes Benz and BMW automobiles; the leasing of a
residence in California for $18,000 a month; travel on private jets; and the
funding of the mortgage on their Laytonsville residence.  Shannon Johnson
admitted that he obtained $3.7 million by victimizing at least 11 individuals
and businesses.  The Johnsons also evaded taxes on millions of dollars in income
they earned from the advance fee scheme.  They admitted that they filed
individual tax returns for tax years 1998 through 2001 using false Forms W-2 to
fraudulently generate refund claims, evaded the payment of their 2002 through
2006 corporate and individual taxes totaling $98,220, and evaded the assessment
of their 2007 through 2009 taxes.  The Johnsons attempted to conceal their
income and assets from the IRS by selling assets in their own names, titling
assets in the names of nominees, using multiple bank accounts across three
states to disperse and conceal income, using nominees and fraudulent taxpayer
identification numbers to open and maintain bank accounts, and using multiple
business names to conduct business.
Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rosenstein commended
the special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, who investigated
the case, and Assistant Chief John N. Kane of the Tax Division and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Thomas Sullivan of the District of Maryland, who prosecuted the
case. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 14, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Helmsleys Face An Indictment On Tax Charge

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 907 words


Indictments of the real-estate and hotel magnate Harry B. Helmsley and his wife
and business partner, Leona, on fraud and tax-evasion charges are expected to be
unsealed today in State Supreme Court in Manhattan.

Law-enforcement officials and lawyers for the Helmsleys said yesterday that the
Helmsleys, who were returning on their private jet from a Caribbean vacation,
were scheduled to be arraigned today before Acting Justice Carol Berkman.

The officials said a Federal grand jury had also returned indictments on charges
of tax evasion and mail fraud. The officials added that the Helmsleys would be
arraigned on those charges later. $5 Billion in Holdings The indictments of two
former Helmsley aides, Frank Turco and Joseph Licari, a financial manager, on
similar charges are also expected to be unsealed today.

All told, the Helmsleys' hotel, real-estate and other businesses are estimated
to be worth $5 billion, making the Helmsleys one of the wealthiest couples in
the world. The holdings include the Empire State Building, the Helmsley Palace
Hotel and the Graybar Building.

For the most part, Mr. Helmsley controls the companies that own the Helmsleys'
properties, and Mrs. Helmsley has increasingly taken day-to-day control of the
operations. She has a visible presence in advertisements for the couple's
hotels, which call her ''the queen.''

Renovations and Furnishings

Law-enforcement officials said more than 24 former and current Helmsley
employees had been granted immunity from prosecution in exchange for their
testimony before Federal and state grand juries.

According to law-enforcement officials who asked not to be identified, the
defendants are accused of fraudulently charging millions of dollars of
renovations and furnishings at the Helmsleys' $8 million estate in Greenwich,
Conn., to their businesses, to make the money appear as a business expense and
receive an income-tax deduction.

The former aides are accused of participating in the fraud.

The Helmsleys' lawyers, Stephen E. Kaufman and Gerald A. Feffer, said that they
would fight the charges ''tooth and nail'' and that the allegations against the
80-year-old Mr. Helmsley and his wife, 68, were ''unfounded, unfair and
unjust.''

''The Helmsleys have paid more taxes to the Government over the years than
practically any other individuals in this city and country,'' the lawyers said
in a statement. ''In the last five years alone, they have paid $250 million in
taxes and given $35 million to charity. Is it credible or possible that people
that who have willingly paid such amounts would willfully try to avoid paying
income taxes?''

News Conference Today

William Brodsky, the lawyer for Mr. Turco, did not return calls. Lawrence
Goldman, Mr. Licari's lawyer, does not have a telephone listing in Manhattan.

The United States Attorney in Manhattan, Rudolph W. Giuliani, and State Attorney
General Robert Abrams are expected to hold a news conference today to announce
the indictments. Yesterday, their spokesman had no comment.

Law-enforcement officials said the four defendants were being charged with
Federal and state income-tax evasion and mail fraud, filing false business
records, offering false business instruments and conspiracy to defraud. On
conviction, some of the charges carry prison terms of up to seven years.

The state investigation of the Helmsleys began in December 1986, after reports
in The New York Post said that they had illegally billed their business ventures
for the renovations at their home in Greenwich, Dunellen Hall.

Former employees of the Helmsleys charged that the couple signed stacks of
falsified business invoices for millions of dollars in work supposedly done for
the businesses, but actually performed in their home. Although business
renovations are legal tax deductions, renovations on a private home are not.

In addition to their mansion in Greenwich, the Helmsleys have large penthouse
apartments atop the Park Lane Hotel, which they own, and in Palm Beach, Fla.

Their lawyers said yesterday that the couple chose to remain residents of New
York City, even though it cost them high taxes.

Refusal of Prosecution Offer

''Harry Helmsley made his money in New York City, and he will not live anywhere
else,'' the lawyers' statement said.

At one point in the investigation, Mrs. Helmsley was said to have turned down a
prosecution offer to plead guilty to a lesser offense. The Helmsleys' lawyers
are expected to move to quash the indictment against her on the ground that she
was granted immunity last year for her testimony before a separate state grand
jury.

That grand jury found that some retailers in New York City were helping
purchasers evade sales taxes. The investigation found that such articles as
jewelry and furs were purchased in Manhattan but were fraudulently made to
appear that they were mailed or delivered to out-of-state addresses. In some
cases, state investigators said, empty boxes were sent through the mail.

When Mrs. Helmsley testified, solely merchants were subject to criminal charges.
The law has been changed to make purchasers responsbile, too.

Mrs. Helmsley's lawyers are expected to argue today that the immunity extends to
any charges against her now.

However, law-enforcement officials said that the immunity was limited to the
case before the grand jury at the time and that it would not extend to the
Federal income-tax charges.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Harry B. and Leona Helmsley (NYT) (pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    March 19, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Pair fined $ 9.2M for tax evasion: Brothers also get two years house arrest

BYLINE: ALAN BORAS; THE CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1 / Front

DATELINE: CALGARY


A Vancouver company headed by two former Calgary businessmen was hit yesterday
with the largest tax-evasion fine in Canadian history.

Auramet International Inc., which was run by onetime Calgary real estate
developers Ken and Bill Rogers, was fined $ 9.2 million in Vancouver provincial
court.

The judge also sentenced the Rogers brothers to two years under house arrest for
masterminding the $ 4.6-million Auramet tax-evasion scheme during the 1980s in
British Columbia.

Gordon Luchia, a spokesman for Revenue Canada, could not say whether Auramet has
any assets to pay the fine, but he said it is still an operating company.

Revenue Canada levied a total of $ 11 million in tax fines across Canada last
year.

In the late 1970s, the Rogers brothers promoted a $ 500-million real estate
company in Calgary called Abacus Cities Ltd.

It collapsed in 1979 in bankruptcy after a bank called a $ 500,000 loan.Three
and a half years after they were initially charged with tax evasion, Rogers
pleaded guilty to 20 counts of tax evasion in their operation of Auramet of
Vancouver.

Despite receiving a jail sentence of two years less a day, the Rogers brothers
will serve their time by wearing a electronic monitors around their ankles.

Monitors permit inmates to attend work or rehabilitation programs, but not be
out of their homes for any other reason, said a B.C. corrections official.

Ken, a former business professor at Mount Royal College, now lives in Kelowna,
B.C. Bill, who evaded U.S. law-enforcement authorities for several months in
1994, now resides in Vancouver.

The pair gained a high profile in Calgary business circles in the late 1970s by
promoting Abacus, a real estate developer that attracted millions of dollars
from middle-class professionals looking for tax shelters.

The $ 500-million Abacus bankruptcy was the largest in Canada at the time,
leaving investors with monumental losses.

The Rogers brothers and a third partner, American John Picken, were first
charged for their Auramet activities in September 1994 with 120 tax-evasion
charges dealing with 25 separate companies and 590 investors. At the time, they
were living in Salt Lake City, Utah, and running a long-distance telephone
company. That company -- Nortel Communications Inc. -- ended up filing for
bankruptcy.

Mr. Picken was sentenced in March 1996 in Edmonton to an identical sentence of
two years less a day, but he was sent to jail, said federal officials.

Under the Auramet scheme, one of the largest tax-evasion investigations in
Canadian history, investors were encouraged to pay between $ 750 and $ 2,000 to
buy a unit of a limited partnership, which is a legitimate investment vehicle.

However, Auramet used offshore companies in the Netherlands Antilles and the
British Virgin Islands to generate false expenses. Those inflated expenses
allowed investors to reduce their taxes, and false entries were made into
Auramet books so that investors could avoid paying capital gains taxes, Revenue
Canada said.

The Rogers brothers set up offshore companies to generate false invoices for
foreign exploration expenses. They used a number of bank accounts in Curacao,
Netherlands Antilles, and made a series of transactions that created an illusion
of deposits and withdrawals in an attempt to prove false invoices were paid,
said Revenue Canada.

Mr. Luchia said no charges against any of the Auramet investors have been laid,
but he would not say whether federal officials are pursuing any of the players.

However, the department encouraged anyone who has not complied with tax law to
come forward. Individuals who voluntarily disclose non-compliance will not be
subject to charges. They will only have to pay the tax owing plus interest,
Revenue Canada said.

"I'm sure that after this case is publicized we will get a quite number of calls
of people coming forward" to clear up failures to pay sufficient tax, Mr. Luchia
said.



LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1997

LENGTH: 661 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 12, 2007 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

J.LO(SER) HUBBY IN 2.5M TAX FLAP

BYLINE: BY BARBARA ROSS and TRACY CONNOR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS With Christina
Boyle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 467 words


JENNIFER LOPEZ'S salsa singing husband, Marc Anthony, danced his way out of tax
evasion charges after cheating the public out of millions of dollars - but his
brother wasn't as lucky.

The Latin pop star failed to pay city or state taxes for five years, and three
of his companies also failed to file returns, Manhattan prosecutors said
yesterday.

Anthony's brother, Bigram Zayes, who ran the companies, didn't pay any taxes
either, and now he has to cough up more than $400,000, authorities said.

"The moral of this story is: Don't trust your brother," Manhattan District
Attorney Robert Morgenthau said in announcing plea deals to settle the case.

During the five-year period in question, Anthony was the biggest-selling salsa
artist in the world - socking away more than $15 million in revenue.

Zayes, 49, has agreed to plead guilty to a felony, and Anthony's business
manager, Philip Sarna, also copped to a tax evasion charge, prosecutors said.

The Manhattan-born heartthrob's touring company, Ari Enterprises, and his music
company, Bolero Records, will plead guilty to misdemeanors, officials said.

Anthony and his management firm will not be prosecuted as long as he pays $2.5
million in back taxes and penalties - a deal the DA's office defended.

Prosecutors said they didn't have enough evidence to prove that Anthony knew his
bean counters were brazenly breaking the law.

"We had to prove it beyond a reasonable doubt," said Assistant DA Dan Castleman.
"It was very close."

Anthony had paid his taxes before 2000, but then enlisted his brother and Sarna
to handle his affairs. He claimed he believed they were filing returns for him.

The lapses were uncovered by a state Department of Taxation and Finance computer
that cross-checks federal and local tax data.

At the same time of the lapses, Anthony was also doing battle in a Queens
courtroom with his former fiancée, fighting her efforts to have his child
support payments hiked from $450 a week.

Anthony's companies have been paying taxes since 2005 - the year after he
secretly tied the knot with the image-conscious Lopez.

J.Lo's reps had no comment yesterday, and Zayes refused to speak to a reporter
at his luxury East Side high-rise, saying he was "too busy."

Anthony's publicist, Blanca Lasalle, issued a statement stressing that her
client has not been charged with a crime. She said he was "shocked to learn" his
taxes were overdue.

"This revelation was especially surprising considering the fact that he
specifically engaged a business management company, at significant cost, to
prepare and file those returns," LaSalle said.

"They completely failed him."

Asked how it was possible that Anthony didn't realize his financial affairs were
in such disarray, Morgenthau had only one explanation.

"He was too busy singing," he quipped.

bross@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Marc Anthony

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.

                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri
Convicted of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A federal jury sitting in St. Louis, Missouri, found the local owner of a tax
return preparation businesses guilty of two counts of tax evasion, announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division.





 "While Semere Tsehaye was operating tax return preparation franchises in three
states, he was generating false financial summaries and filing fraudulent
returns to evade paying his own taxes," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "No one is above the law, and the department will continue to
prosecute those who seek to violate our nation's tax laws."



 According to the evidence at trial, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and
operator of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating
in and around East St. Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; and Kansas City and
St. Louis, Missouri, from 2005 to 2011.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).



 The evidence at trial showed that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye
generated fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts
generated by A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer.  The
evidence also showed Tsehaye's tax return preparer used these financial
summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then
filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in
that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of approximately
$547,000 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, causing a tax loss of more than
$580,000.



 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade his taxes by creating false financial summaries
to conceal over $1.5 million of income and by filing false tax returns is a
theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS-Criminal Investigation.  "We all pay when others swindle the government."



 In 2013, a Kansas City, Kansas, federal court permanently enjoined Tsehaye and
A&S from further operating a tax preparation business or preparing federal tax
returns.



 Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 4, 2017.  Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum
sentence of five years in prison for each count of tax evasion, as well as a
period of supervised release and monetary penalties.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation, and Senior
Litigation Counsel Corey Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax
Division, who are prosecuting the case.  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District
of Missouri for their assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri
Convicted of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 517  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A federal jury sitting in St. Louis, Missouri, found the local owner of a tax
return preparation businesses guilty of two counts of tax evasion, announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division.





 "While Semere Tsehaye was operating tax return preparation franchises in three
states, he was generating false financial summaries and filing fraudulent
returns to evade paying his own taxes," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "No one is above the law, and the department will continue to
prosecute those who seek to violate our nation's tax laws."



 According to the evidence at trial, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and
operator of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating
in and around East St. Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; and Kansas City and
St. Louis, Missouri, from 2005 to 2011.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).



 The evidence at trial showed that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye
generated fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts
generated by A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer.  The
evidence also showed Tsehaye's tax return preparer used these financial
summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then
filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in
that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of approximately
$547,000 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, causing a tax loss of more than
$580,000.



 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade his taxes by creating false financial summaries
to conceal over $1.5 million of income and by filing false tax returns is a
theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS-Criminal Investigation.  "We all pay when others swindle the government."



 In 2013, a Kansas City, Kansas, federal court permanently enjoined Tsehaye and
A&S from further operating a tax preparation business or preparing federal tax
returns.



 Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 4, 2017.  Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum
sentence of five years in prison for each count of tax evasion, as well as a
period of supervised release and monetary penalties.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation, and Senior
Litigation Counsel Corey Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax
Division, who are prosecuting the case.  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District
of Missouri for their assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Former CFO Pleads Guilty To Embezzling Over $900,000 From Non-Profit Employer

LENGTH: 505  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Robert Bradley Strahan, a/k/a Robin Bradley, a/k/a Kaola Bradley, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 3 2014, to wire fraud, mail fraud, and tax evasion, announced United
States Attorney Melinda Haag, FBI Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge
Thomas McMahon.

In pleading guilty, Strahan admitted to embezzling more than $920,000 from a
non-profit trade association in San Francisco where he worked as the chief
financial officer. Strahan's responsibilities included bookkeeping, payroll, and
accounting. As the CFO, he had complete control over and access to the
association's books, records, and bank accounts. Without the knowledge or
authorization of the non-profit trade association, Strahan wrote and cashed
checks payable to himself and to "Cash" totaling over $550,000; he used the
association's credit cards to make unauthorized purchases totaling over
$250,000; and he put an acquaintance on the payroll who received over $120,000
but did almost no work. To conceal the money that he embezzled, Strahan made
false entries in the association's accounting systems as well as emailing false
financial statements to the board of directors that omitted the funds he was
taking for his personal use. Finally, Strahan did not pay income taxes on any of
the money he embezzled for calendar years 2009 through 2013, resulting in tax
due and owing of over $175,000.

Strahan, 51, of San Francisco, was charged by superseding indictment on Aug. 7,
2014, with three counts of wire fraud, two counts of mail fraud, and two counts
of tax evasion. Under the plea agreement, Strahan pleaded guilty to two counts
of wire fraud, one count of mail fraud, and one count of tax evasion. Strahan
was arrested on May 30, 2014, and has remained in custody since then.

Strahan's sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 9, 2015, before the Honorable
Thelton E. Henderson, United States District Court Judge, in San Francisco.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of wire fraud, in violation of 18
U.S.C § 1343, is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum
statutory penalty for each count of mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C § 1341,
is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum penalty for tax
evasion, in violation of Title 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five years in prison and a
fine of $250,000. However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by
the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Hallie Hoffman is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case with
the assistance of Bridget Kilkenny. The prosecution is the result an
investigation by the FBI and the IRS, Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Former CFO Pleads Guilty To Embezzling Over $900,000 From Non-Profit Employer

LENGTH: 505  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Robert Bradley Strahan, a/k/a Robin Bradley, a/k/a Kaola Bradley, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 3 2014, to wire fraud, mail fraud, and tax evasion, announced United
States Attorney Melinda Haag, FBI Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge
Thomas McMahon.

In pleading guilty, Strahan admitted to embezzling more than $920,000 from a
non-profit trade association in San Francisco where he worked as the chief
financial officer. Strahan's responsibilities included bookkeeping, payroll, and
accounting. As the CFO, he had complete control over and access to the
association's books, records, and bank accounts. Without the knowledge or
authorization of the non-profit trade association, Strahan wrote and cashed
checks payable to himself and to "Cash" totaling over $550,000; he used the
association's credit cards to make unauthorized purchases totaling over
$250,000; and he put an acquaintance on the payroll who received over $120,000
but did almost no work. To conceal the money that he embezzled, Strahan made
false entries in the association's accounting systems as well as emailing false
financial statements to the board of directors that omitted the funds he was
taking for his personal use. Finally, Strahan did not pay income taxes on any of
the money he embezzled for calendar years 2009 through 2013, resulting in tax
due and owing of over $175,000.

Strahan, 51, of San Francisco, was charged by superseding indictment on Aug. 7,
2014, with three counts of wire fraud, two counts of mail fraud, and two counts
of tax evasion. Under the plea agreement, Strahan pleaded guilty to two counts
of wire fraud, one count of mail fraud, and one count of tax evasion. Strahan
was arrested on May 30, 2014, and has remained in custody since then.

Strahan's sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 9, 2015, before the Honorable
Thelton E. Henderson, United States District Court Judge, in San Francisco.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of wire fraud, in violation of 18
U.S.C § 1343, is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum
statutory penalty for each count of mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C § 1341,
is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum penalty for tax
evasion, in violation of Title 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five years in prison and a
fine of $250,000. However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by
the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Hallie Hoffman is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case with
the assistance of Bridget Kilkenny. The prosecution is the result an
investigation by the FBI and the IRS, Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Former CFO Pleads Guilty To Embezzling Over $900,000 From Non-Profit Employer

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Robert Bradley Strahan, a/k/a Robin Bradley, a/k/a Kaola Bradley, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 3 2014, to wire fraud, mail fraud, and tax evasion, announced United
States Attorney Melinda Haag, FBI Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge
Thomas McMahon.

In pleading guilty, Strahan admitted to embezzling more than $920,000 from a
non-profit trade association in San Francisco where he worked as the chief
financial officer. Strahan's responsibilities included bookkeeping, payroll, and
accounting. As the CFO, he had complete control over and access to the
association's books, records, and bank accounts. Without the knowledge or
authorization of the non-profit trade association, Strahan wrote and cashed
checks payable to himself and to "Cash" totaling over $550,000; he used the
association's credit cards to make unauthorized purchases totaling over
$250,000; and he put an acquaintance on the payroll who received over $120,000
but did almost no work. To conceal the money that he embezzled, Strahan made
false entries in the association's accounting systems as well as emailing false
financial statements to the board of directors that omitted the funds he was
taking for his personal use. Finally, Strahan did not pay income taxes on any of
the money he embezzled for calendar years 2009 through 2013, resulting in tax
due and owing of over $175,000.

Strahan, 51, of San Francisco, was charged by superseding indictment on Aug. 7,
2014, with three counts of wire fraud, two counts of mail fraud, and two counts
of tax evasion. Under the plea agreement, Strahan pleaded guilty to two counts
of wire fraud, one count of mail fraud, and one count of tax evasion. Strahan
was arrested on May 30, 2014, and has remained in custody since then.

Strahan's sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 9, 2015, before the Honorable
Thelton E. Henderson, United States District Court Judge, in San Francisco.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of wire fraud, in violation of 18
U.S.C § 1343, is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum
statutory penalty for each count of mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C § 1341,
is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum penalty for tax
evasion, in violation of Title 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five years in prison and a
fine of $250,000. However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by
the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Hallie Hoffman is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case with
the assistance of Bridget Kilkenny. The prosecution is the result an
investigation by the FBI and the IRS, Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Former CFO Pleads Guilty To Embezzling Over $900,000 From Non-Profit Employer

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Robert Bradley Strahan, a/k/a Robin Bradley, a/k/a Kaola Bradley, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 3 2014, to wire fraud, mail fraud, and tax evasion, announced United
States Attorney Melinda Haag, FBI Special Agent in Charge David J. Johnson, and
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation, Acting Special Agent in Charge
Thomas McMahon.

In pleading guilty, Strahan admitted to embezzling more than $920,000 from a
non-profit trade association in San Francisco where he worked as the chief
financial officer. Strahan's responsibilities included bookkeeping, payroll, and
accounting. As the CFO, he had complete control over and access to the
association's books, records, and bank accounts. Without the knowledge or
authorization of the non-profit trade association, Strahan wrote and cashed
checks payable to himself and to "Cash" totaling over $550,000; he used the
association's credit cards to make unauthorized purchases totaling over
$250,000; and he put an acquaintance on the payroll who received over $120,000
but did almost no work. To conceal the money that he embezzled, Strahan made
false entries in the association's accounting systems as well as emailing false
financial statements to the board of directors that omitted the funds he was
taking for his personal use. Finally, Strahan did not pay income taxes on any of
the money he embezzled for calendar years 2009 through 2013, resulting in tax
due and owing of over $175,000.

Strahan, 51, of San Francisco, was charged by superseding indictment on Aug. 7,
2014, with three counts of wire fraud, two counts of mail fraud, and two counts
of tax evasion. Under the plea agreement, Strahan pleaded guilty to two counts
of wire fraud, one count of mail fraud, and one count of tax evasion. Strahan
was arrested on May 30, 2014, and has remained in custody since then.

Strahan's sentencing hearing is scheduled for Feb. 9, 2015, before the Honorable
Thelton E. Henderson, United States District Court Judge, in San Francisco.

The maximum statutory penalty for each count of wire fraud, in violation of 18
U.S.C § 1343, is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum
statutory penalty for each count of mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C § 1341,
is 20 years imprisonment and a fine of $250,000. The maximum penalty for tax
evasion, in violation of Title 26 U.S.C. § 7201, is five years in prison and a
fine of $250,000. However, any sentence following conviction would be imposed by
the court after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the federal
statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.

Hallie Hoffman is the Assistant U.S. Attorney who is prosecuting the case with
the assistance of Bridget Kilkenny. The prosecution is the result an
investigation by the FBI and the IRS, Criminal Investigation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              June 11, 2007 Monday

Martin rules over Puerto Rican Parade

SECTION: Z_LIFE

LENGTH: 573 words


Ricky Martin reigned as king at the 50th anniversary of the Puerto Rican Day
Parade on Sunday as tens of thousands gathered in New York City to celebrate
their homeland.

The pop star was joined by Mayor Michael Bloomberg for a ceremonial
ribbon-cutting before ascending a float that promoted the Ricky Martin
Foundation, which advocates child welfare around the world.

Fans screamed as the float made its way up Fifth Avenue. ''We were about to pass
out, we were so happy to see him,'' said Tania Ochoteco, 33, of the Bronx.

More screams greeted last year's grand marshals Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez,
who made a surprise repeat appearance on separate floats.

New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Puerto Rican Gov. Anibal Acevedo-Vila joined
Bloomberg at the head of the parade.

There were marching bands, beauty queens and uniformed city workers dancing to
salsa blaring from scores of floats.

TV personality Geraldo Rivera held a flag in one hand and a microphone in the
other.

Although it was impossible to estimate the crowd, hundreds of thousands have
attended in recent years.

Wesley Snipes argues to dismiss tax charges

Actor Wesley Snipes is a victim of ''unscrupulous tax advice'' and is being
selectively targeted for prosecution on federal tax evasion charges because he
is black, his attorneys argue in a motion to dismiss the indictment in Ocala,
Fla.

That's what Snipes has said all along about the charges.

In a June 4 motion to dismiss the indictment, Snipes' attorneys argue that
prosecutors filed additional tax evasion charges against him and not against two
co-defendants because they are ''Caucasian, while Mr. Snipes is
African-American.''

A federal judge is still considering the motion.

The Oct. 17 indictment charges Snipes with fraudulently claiming refunds
totaling nearly $12 million in 1996 and 1997 for income taxes already paid.

The indictment said Snipes conspired with American Rights Litigators' founder
Eddie Ray Kahn and tax preparer Douglas P. Rosile Sr. to file false refund
claims based on a bogus argument that only income from foreign sources was
subject to taxation.

Snipes' motion says he should be counted among 2,000 people who relied on Kahn
and Rosile for tax advice, not as one of their co-defendants.

The indictment said Kahn and Rosile, through American Rights Litigators,
collected fees of up to 20 percent of refunds from fraudulent tax returns.

Spike Lee blames Army for Katrina mess at screening

Spike Lee, screening his documentary about Hurricane Katrina, urged people to
vote to ensure that government functions better in the future than it did after
the deadly storm.

Lee, who attended New Haven, Conn.'s annual International Festival of Arts and
Ideas, showed his Peabody Award-winning 2006 HBO documentary, ''When the Levees
Broke: a Requiem in Four Acts.''

''It was a fiasco, a mockery on the local, state and federal levels, and once
again, Americans got hornswoggled, led astray, bamboozled,'' he said. ''And too
many people have died so we all have the right to vote. Never tell anyone your
vote doesn't matter.''

Lee faulted the Army Corps of Engineers for the levees that failed to keep the
floodwaters out of New Orleans.

''The damage and devastation was brought about by a breach in the levees,'' Lee
said after the Saturday screening. ''It wasn't the hurricane. It was the breach
in the levees. That is the job of the Army Corps of Engineers. They did not do
their job.''

| -- Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Owner of Tax Preparation Franchises in Illinois, Kansas and Missouri Convicted
of Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  A federal jury sitting in St. Louis, Missouri, found the local owner of a tax
return preparation businesses guilty of two counts of tax evasion, announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Department's Tax Division.





 "While Semere Tsehaye was operating tax return preparation franchises in three
states, he was generating false financial summaries and filing fraudulent
returns to evade paying his own taxes," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo.  "No one is above the law, and the department will continue to
prosecute those who seek to violate our nation's tax laws."



 According to the evidence at trial, Semere Tsehaye, 39, was the owner and
operator of at least 20 Instant Tax Service (ITS) franchise locations operating
in and around East St. Louis, Illinois; Kansas City, Kansas; and Kansas City and
St. Louis, Missouri, from 2005 to 2011.  ITS was a brand name of ITS Financial
LLC, a nationwide tax preparation business headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.
Tsehaye owned and operated his ITS franchise locations using two entities named
A&S Tax Service LLC (A&S) and ERI Enterprises LLC (ERI).



 The evidence at trial showed that during the years 2010 and 2011, Tsehaye
generated fraudulent financial summaries that understated the gross receipts
generated by A&S and ERI and provided them to his tax return preparer.  The
evidence also showed Tsehaye's tax return preparer used these financial
summaries to prepare Tsehaye's individual income tax returns, which Tsehaye then
filed with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).  These tax returns were false in
that they underreported A&S and ERI's gross receipts by a total of approximately
$547,000 in 2010 and $1.03 million in 2011, causing a tax loss of more than
$580,000.



 "Mr. Tsehaye's attempt to evade his taxes by creating false financial summaries
to conceal over $1.5 million of income and by filing false tax returns is a
theft from the American public," said Special Agent in Charge Karl Stiften of
IRS-Criminal Investigation.  "We all pay when others swindle the government."



 In 2013, a Kansas City, Kansas, federal court permanently enjoined Tsehaye and
A&S from further operating a tax preparation business or preparing federal tax
returns.



 Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 4, 2017.  Tsehaye faces a statutory maximum
sentence of five years in prison for each count of tax evasion, as well as a
period of supervised release and monetary penalties.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the investigation, and Senior
Litigation Counsel Corey Smith and Trial Attorney Mark McDonald of the Tax
Division, who are prosecuting the case.  Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney
General Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District
of Missouri for their assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Lakewood man sentenced to jail, ordered to pay nearly $1.8 million
for tax fraud involving yacht and luxury travel

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    A Lakewood man was sentenced to a year in custody and ordered to pay nearly
$1.8 million restitution and fines for taking improper write-offs and not
reporting taxable income, said Carole S. Rendon, United States Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



    Thomas G. Klocker, 47, was previously found guilty of four counts of tax
evasion. U.S. District Judge James Gwin sentenced Klocker to six months
incarceration followed by six months of home confinement. Klocker was fined
$500,000 and has paid nearly $1.3 million in restitution to the IRS.

    "This defendant tried to take the government on a ride by claiming costs
associated with cruises on his luxury yacht as business expenses," Rendon said.
"Now he has to pay up, both financially and with his freedom."

    "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when
others swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and
with this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished."

    Klocker was the sole shareholder and operator of All Metal Sales (AMS) in
Westlake. He also operated TT Charter Leasing, which was in the business of
chartering the luxury yacht "Tommy Time", according to court documents.

    Klocker diverted corporate funds from AMS for his own use to benefit his
personal lifestyle and avoid personal income liabilities between 2007 and 2010.
For example, Klocker diverted funds from AMS to construct a waterfront residence
in Lakewood and to maintain his 68' Sunseeker yacht, as well as to pay for
luxury travel and to make cash withdrawals. He reported substantial business
losses arising from the operating costs and expenses arising from the personal
use of the TT Charter Leasing yacht, according to court documents.

    He also misrepresented his personal expenses entered into AMS' books and
records by falsely describing them as legitimate business expenses. Klocker also
provided false information to his tax-return preparers about expenses he
described as business-related which were, in fact, personal in nature -
including luxury travel with his family, according to court documents.

    This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Robert J. Patton
and Suzana Koch following an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigations, with assistance from the Federal Bureau of
Investigation - Cleveland Field Office.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Lakewood man sentenced to jail, ordered to pay nearly $1.8 million for tax fraud
involving yacht and luxury travel

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio
has issued the following news release:



  A Lakewood man was sentenced to a year in custody and ordered to pay nearly
$1.8 million restitution and fines for taking improper write-offs and not
reporting taxable income, said Carole S. Rendon, United States Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS
Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.





 Thomas G. Klocker, 47, was previously found guilty of four counts of tax
evasion. U.S. District Judge James Gwin sentenced Klocker to six months
incarceration followed by six months of home confinement. Klocker was fined
$500,000 and has paid nearly $1.3 million in restitution to the IRS.



 "This defendant tried to take the government on a ride by claiming costs
associated with cruises on his luxury yacht as business expenses," Rendon said.
"Now he has to pay up, both financially and with his freedom."



 "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when others
swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and with
this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished."



 Klocker was the sole shareholder and operator of All Metal Sales (AMS) in
Westlake. He also operated TT Charter Leasing, which was in the business of
chartering the luxury yacht "Tommy Time", according to court documents.



 Klocker diverted corporate funds from AMS for his own use to benefit his
personal lifestyle and avoid personal income liabilities between 2007 and 2010.
For example, Klocker diverted funds from AMS to construct a waterfront residence
in Lakewood and to maintain his 68' Sunseeker yacht, as well as to pay for
luxury travel and to make cash withdrawals. He reported substantial business
losses arising from the operating costs and expenses arising from the personal
use of the TT Charter Leasing yacht, according to court documents.



 He also misrepresented his personal expenses entered into AMS' books and
records by falsely describing them as legitimate business expenses. Klocker also
provided false information to his tax-return preparers about expenses he
described as business-related which were, in fact, personal in nature -
including luxury travel with his family, according to court documents.



 This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Robert J. Patton and
Suzana Koch following an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service -
Criminal Investigations, with assistance from the Federal Bureau of
Investigation - Cleveland Field Office.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Jersey County Man Convicted of $1.2 Million Tax Evasion and Unlawful
Firearms Possession

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Jersey County resident pleaded guilty to felony charges of tax evasion and
possession of a firearm by a user of controlled substances on July 23, 2013, the
United States Attorney for the Southern District of Illinois Stephen R.
Wigginton announced today. David Ray, 54, of Fieldon, Illinois, waived his right
to face a grand jury indictment and pled guilty to charges brought directly by
the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Documents filed in District Court established that Ray committed tax evasion by
using his various businesses to pay personal expenses, by vesting ownership of
personal assets in the name of his businesses, and by filing false tax returns
with the IRS or refusing to file a U.S. Individual Tax Return all together. In
tax years 2005-2010, Ray concealed income from the IRS for the purpose of
limiting his tax liability, resulting in him avoiding $1,272,904.83 in federal
income taxes that he otherwise would have been required to pay. Ray agreed to
make full restitution to the IRS as a condition of his guilty plea.

Ray was also convicted for possessing firearms while being a cocaine user.
Evidence presented at the plea hearing established that federal agents seized 96
firearms and more than 2,500 rounds of ammunition from Ray's home when it was
searched on February 13, 2012. In addition, agents also seized 110 grams of
cocaine from Ray's home. Ray admitted possessing the firearms as a hunter and
gun collector, but he also acknowledged a serious cocaine habit, admitting that
he purchased and used three to five ounces of cocaine every two to three weeks
prior to his home being raided. Under federal law, drug users are categorically
prohibited from possessing firearms.

Tax evasion is punishable by not more than five years in prison and/or a
$100,000 fine and not more than three years of supervised release. Possession of
a firearm by a user of controlled substances is punishable by not more than 10
years in prison and/or a $250,000 fine and not more than three years of
supervised release. However, the United States Sentencing Guidelines must be
applied to the case and considered by the Court during sentencing. Ray will be
sentenced in U.S. District Court on November 8, 2013.

US Attorney Wigginton said, "We will zealously pursue gun crimes wherever they
occur. This case was unique because it is rare to see complicated white-collar
tax crime alongside gun and drug offenses. This case is a model for how state
and federal agencies should partner to successfully combat diverse criminal
activity. I would like to personally thank each of the agencies for working
tirelessly to ensure that this case was brought to justice."

The investigation was conducted by agents from the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation; the Jersey County Sheriff's Department; the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives; the Drug Enforcement
Administration; and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Steven D. Weinhoeft.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

HSBC Is Said to Be the Focus of a Tax-Evasion Investigation

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 655 words


Federal authorities are considering whether to serve a broad legal summons on
HSBC to ascertain whether it sold tax-evasion services to scores of wealthy
American clients, people briefed on the matter said Wednesday.

The legal action was being considered as a federal indictment was announced
Wednesday of an affluent client of an unidentified international bank on charges
of conspiracy to defraud the United States by keeping hidden bank accounts in
India and the British Virgin Islands, an offshore tax haven, from about 2001
until this year.

The people who had been briefed on the matter said that the international bank
was HSBC, which is based in London but has Swiss-style private banking
operations around the world.

The indictment, of Vaibhav Dahake, by federal prosecutors in United States
District Court in Newark, said the unnamed bank had identified wealthy
Indian-Americans as clients for undeclared offshore banking through N.R.I.
Services, a United States division of the bank. The division, court papers said,
encouraged United States citizens to open undeclared bank accounts in India.

Mr. Dahake, of Somerset, N.J., was born in India and became a naturalized United
States citizen in 2006. He is a principal of Tricolor Inc., an information
technology business in Somerset.

It was not clear how many client names would be covered under a summons, which
would have to be issued by the Internal Revenue Service and enforced by the
Justice Department. Last August, authorities dropped a similar summons against
the Swiss bank giant UBS that had sought to require the bank to disclose the
names of as many as 52,000 wealthy American clients.

HSBC said, ''HSBC does not condone tax evasion and fully supports the U.S.
efforts to promote appropriate payment of taxes by U.S. taxpayers.''

In 2001, Mr. Dahake received from the international bank ''an unsolicited letter
advertising bank accounts in India that paid high interest rates,'' court
documents said.

The indictment cited as unindicted co-conspirators five unidentified bankers:
three Americans, in New York and Fremont, Calif.; and two Indians, in Thane,
near Mumbai, India.

One of the bankers advised Mr. Dahake to transfer money between his accounts in
smaller amounts ''to stay below the radar'' of rules requiring banks to report
to American customs officials transfers of $10,000 or more, according to the
documents.

Other bankers advised him not to file required forms to the I.R.S declaring the
money, and told him that money transferred between the British Virgin Islands
account and the India account would not be processed through the United States
banking system, further evading scrutiny.

One of the bankers told Mr. Dahake that he did not have to worry about bringing
his money from the India account back to the United States because, according to
court papers, the I.R.S. ''would be looking for undeclared accounts maintained
in the Caribbean rather than in the Far East,'' and his ownership of and the
structure of the British Virgin Islands account would be unknown to authorities.

The international bank, the papers said, also counseled Mr. Dahake about holding
money in Singapore and Hong Kong, two Asian tax havens.

Lawrence S. Horn, a lawyer for Mr. Dahake, said in a statement on Wednesday that
he saw the 10-page court document ''as something much more than just an
indictment of Mr. Dahake.'' He added that ''the timing of this indictment
appears to be a 'clubbed invitation' for American citizens with undisclosed
accounts to apply for admission into the second initiative of the voluntary
disclosure program or risk prosecution once that bank eventually discloses his
or her name to the I.R.S.''

On Monday, the I.R.S. said that it would soon announce a new amnesty program
aimed at encouraging wealthy Americans with hidden offshore bank accounts to
come forward, declare their money and pay taxes owed in exchange for reduced
fines and penalties.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company

                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday
                                 REGION EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; EAST/NORTH/SOUTH; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 638 words


EAST

Park Foundation to help fund Flight 93 National Memorial

The National Park Foundation board of directors announced Wednesday that it will
set up a challenge grant to help fund the Flight 93 National Memorial being
built in Somerset County.

The foundation said it will match donors dollar for dollar up to $2 million. The
public can donate at www.honorflight93.org.

Chris Sullivan, chairman of the Flight 93 National Memorial Campaign, said the
group has raised about $52 million in public and private funds, with a goal of
approximately $60 million.

It hopes to complete fundraising by Sept. 10, when dedication of the first phase
of the memorial in Shanksville, Pa., is scheduled.

Mr. Sullivan said that work on the memorial has come in under budget so far.
That means that if the fundraising goal is reached, it will include a tower
marking the entry to and exit from the site at Route 30.

The "Tower of Voices" is designed to house 40 wind chimes, and would be
illuminated at night to commemorate the 40 passengers and crew who died on
Flight 93, according to the architects.

The first phase of the memorial includes a ring road leading to the site, a
memorial plaza, and a parking area.

President Barack Obama is expected to visit the Flight 93 Memorial on Sept. 11,
and Vice President Joe Biden is scheduled to attend the dedication the day
before.

Chiropractor charged with fraud, tax evasion

Federal prosecutors on Tuesday filed fraud and tax-evasion charges against a
Westmoreland County chiropractor operating two clinics in West Virginia.

Joseph Yurigan, 60, of New Alexandria, operates clinics in Weirton and Wheeling.

Prosecutors allege Mr. Yurigan made money from procedures he didn't perform,
then drew cash from his businesses and hid them in his children's bank accounts
to evade taxes.

He faces 33 charges of healthcare fraud, four tax-evasion charges and one charge
of interfering with revenue laws. Prosecutors seek to confiscate some of Mr.
Yurigan's properties, including real estate and two Mercedes-Benz cars.

If convicted, Mr. Yurigan could face up to 10 years in prison and millions of
dollars in fines.

NORTH

Teens escape from youth home, ride off in limo

Police said a group of teens, still on the lam after stealing a limousine to
escape a youth home in Butler County, likely started an early morning fire to
distract the facility's personnel.

Adams police said the teens may have started a small fire around 4:30 a.m. in a
girl's room at the Mars Home for Youth, a non-secured facility for troubled
children. Workers managed to douse the flames before firefighters arrived.

Police said the teens then called for a limousine, which arrived around 6:15
a.m. When the driver realized the three boys had no money, he ordered them out.

As he exited the vehicle to throw out their bags, two more teens leaped into the
limo and sped off, police said.

The limousine was later located at Pittsburgh Oliver High School in the
Manchester section of the city around 6:30 p.m. Four teens were taken into
custody. Police are still searching for another teen and an adult.

Administrators at the Mars Home for Youth said they are conducting an internal
investigation into the escape.

SOUTH

New sentencing hearing for death row inmate

A new sentencing hearing is scheduled for Aug. 24 for a Washington County man on
death row in the murder of a woman outside a tavern more than a quarter-century
ago.

Thomas Gorby, 52, of Eighty Four was sentenced to death for the December 1985
stabbing murder of 38-year-old Drayton Sphar of East Washington outside the
Somerset Inn.

The Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled in 2006 that Mr. Gorby must be resentenced
because his attorney during his trial did not raise his mental health as an
issue.

Defense attorney Dennis Paluso told the (Washington) Observer-Reporter that the
Aug. 24 hearing was scheduled.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

GUILTY PLEA IN THEFT OF FURNITURE CONSPIRACY INVOLVED DESIGN FIRM OWNER, MANAGER
AT THE HARTFORD

BYLINE: DIANE LEVICK; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 345 words


A Windsor man pleaded guilty Wednesday in a conspiracy with a former manager of
The Hartford that involved the theft of furniture from the insurance company and
tax evasion.

Terrance Healy, 62, of Windsor and formerly of Suffield, pleaded guilty in
federal court in Bridgeport to conspiracy to transport the furniture across
state lines and to defraud the IRS, said Kevin J. O'Connor, U.S. attorney for
Connecticut.

Healy was the owner and operator of Sundrop Corp. in Suffield, an interior
design and furniture installation firm. He conspired with Todd Olynciw, who was
a project management manager at The Hartford Financial Services Group and was
responsible for managing office renovations.

From 1998 to 2005, Healy paid Olynciw a total of $71,854 for furniture owned by
The Hartford, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Olynciw pleaded guilty Jan. 2 to mail fraud and tax evasion in a conspiracy with
others. He admitted receiving kickbacks for misappropriating and transferring
The Hartford's furniture and for directing business from the company to certain
people and firms.

The Hartford lost $876,437 as result of Olynciw's schemes, and he got more than
$395,720 in illegal kickbacks.

In some instances, Olynciw had stolen furniture transported from a Massachusetts
facility to Healy in Connecticut, prosecutors said. Healy initially paid Olynciw
50 percent, and later a little less, of the resale value of the furniture. Healy
knew that Olynciw would keep the money for personal use and not report it as
income on his federal tax returns, authorities said.

Healy hand-delivered 12 checks to Olynciw for furniture, and then about 33 cash
payments, according to a court document. Healy would provide Olynciw with
computer designs for office set-ups for Sundrop's customers, and Olynciw would
let him know what furniture was available.

U.S. District Judge Stefan R. Underhill has scheduled Healy to be sentenced July
3. He faces up to five years in prison and a fine of as much as $250,000.
Olynciw is scheduled for sentencing April 30.

Contact Diane Levick at dlevick@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday

CEO pleads guilty

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Local; News

LENGTH: 341 words


The chief executive of a startup company with offices in Livermore and San Ramon
pleaded guilty to tax evasion for failing to report taxable income of more than
$1.1 million, federal prosecutors said Friday.

John Frances Griffin, 41, an Orinda resident, was CEO of VaporTech Inc., which
was engaged in developing a "dirt eater" that could be used to clean toxic soil.
VaporTech also was developing a device that would use steam to extract oil from
wells.

During 2004 and 2005, Griffin received taxable income of nearly $1.2 million but
failed to file any federal income tax returns, according to prosecutors. Griffin
admitted he evaded assessment and payment of income taxes by paying for personal
items with cash, cashier's checks and a VaporTech debit card.

Griffin was charged in May 2006 with three counts of mail fraud. Then in
November 2006, he was charged with 15 counts of mail fraud, one count of wire
fraud and two counts of tax evasion. Griffin pleaded guilty to both counts of
tax evasion.

Griffin, who was in charge of the company's day-to-day operations, also raised
$2.5 million from numerous investors.

Through the guilty plea arrangement, Griffin also agreed to forfeit numerous
items. Those include $75,000 in cash, jewelry such as a $30,000 diamond ring and
a $3,400 gold tennis bracelet, electronic gear and thousands of dollars worth of
clothing and wine.

CFO quits

Oplink Communications Inc. said its chief financial officer, Bruce Horn, has
resigned to pursue other interests. Fremont-based Oplink promoted Shirley Yin,
its controller, to acting chief financial officer. A search has begun for a
replacement for Horn.

Nasdaq compliance

San Ramon-based SBE Inc. said it has regained compliance with the Nasdaq Stock
Market. The company's bid price has been $1 a share or more for at least 10
consecutive days. The hardware and software maker is closing in on a deal to be
sold to Neonode, a Sweden-based company.

Compiled from wire and staff reports. Got Bay Area business news? Reach Drew
Voros at 925-943-8099 or dvoros@cctimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: Embezzler Sentenced to 3 Years for Fraud & Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 435  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Lisa Buchholz, 48, Luck, Wis., was sentenced yesterday
by Chief U.S. District Judge William Conley to 36 months in federal prison for
wire fraud and income tax evasion.  Buchholz pleaded guilty to these charges on
July 28, 2016.  Judge Conley also imposed a three-year term of supervised
release, and ordered Buchholz to pay restitution of $193,909.96 to the victim of
her fraud scheme.



  In February 2016, a federal grand jury sitting in Madison, Wis., returned a
13-count indictment against Buchholz.  The indictment alleged that while
employed as a bookkeeper for Four Seasons Wood Products (FSWP) in Frederic,
Wis., from May 2008 until June 2012, she devised a scheme to defraud the
company.  The indictment further alleged that Buchholz failed to file income tax
returns for 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and that she committed income tax evasion
in 2011 by making false statements to an IRS criminal investigator during an
interview in 2013.

  At yesterday's sentencing hearing, Judge Conley found that Buchholz caused a
fraud loss of $172,176.94 to FSWP, and a tax loss of $111,553 to the IRS.  FSWP
also incurred more than $21,000 in investigative costs due to Buchholz's
misconduct.   Michael Broten, the owner of FSWP, testified at the sentencing
hearing, and told Judge Conley that Buchholz's conduct nearly destroyed his
family business.  He told the judge she betrayed Broten's trust and her
embezzlement caused Broten to lay off employees because the company had no money
due to Buchholz's criminal conduct.

  Judge Conley rejected Buchholz's claim that she engaged in the criminal
conduct because she was a victim of abuse, finding that her last-minute
allegations were not supported by any other witnesses, and in fact, were
contradicted by other facts in the case.  Judge Conley told Buchholz he found
that she had engaged in an outrageous fraud over a long period of time. He also
found that she executed the fraud in a very calculated and sophisticated manner.
Judge Conley also noted that Buchholz has been fired by her last three employers
for engaging in fraud.

 The charges against Buchholz were the result of an investigation conducted by
IRS Criminal Investigation and the Polk County Sheriff's Office.  The
prosecution of the case has been handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel
Graber.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

As Bonds Finishes Play, Grand Jury Is at Work

BYLINE: By CAROL POGASH; David Cay Johnston contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section D; Column 5; Sports Desk; BASEBALL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1278 words


As Barry Bonds moves toward the final weekend of his 21st season in the major
leagues, his legal troubles remain unresolved. His defense lawyer dismisses talk
of possible tax-evasion charges, while his former trainer remains locked up in
an 8-by-10-foot prison cell for refusing to testify about Bonds, the 42-year-old
slugger.

Playing with a surgically repaired knee and enduring the disdain of fans just
about everywhere but San Francisco, Bonds has put together a respectable enough
season, with his 26 home runs leaving him 21 short of Hank Aaron's revered
record of 755.

While Bonds will not be part of the October postseason -- and has never been on
a World Series winner -- he is in a good position to pass Aaron in 2007,
assuming San Francisco or another team is willing to sign him to a new contract.
He appears intent on playing, and his agent, Jeff Borris, said Tuesday that he
expected the Giants to contact him once the season ends.

Meanwhile, not far from the stadium where Bonds will shortly be cleaning out his
locker, a federal grand jury continues to look into his affairs and those of
other sports figures. The question is what charges the jurors might ultimately
produce against Bonds, who is shadowed by two issues -- whether he funneled
thousands of dollars in unreported income to a former girlfriend, and whether
his testimony about steroids before a previous grand jury has left him
vulnerable to perjury charges.

The former girlfriend, Kimberly Bell, has stated that Bonds gave her $80,000 in
cash that he received from signing baseballs. The money was for a down payment
on a house and he advised her to deposit it in different bank accounts in
amounts of less than $10,000 to avoid detection by authorities, she said. Bell
has not said whether she knows if Bonds reported the income; she testified twice
before the first grand jury in San Francisco that investigated the Bay Area
Laboratory Cooperative steroid-distribution case.

Michael Rains, Bonds's defense lawyer, said there was no evidence that federal
authorities are going after Bonds on tax-evasion charges, noting that none of
Bonds's financial records have been subpoenaed. He said that while the federal
government would ''take pleasure'' in arresting Bonds for spitting on the
sidewalk, ''the income tax thing isn't there.''

Laura Enos, Bonds's personal business lawyer, said she and Rains have not been
contacted by the Internal Revenue Service. ''I don't think there is a tax case
here,'' she said.

In one sense, Bonds would be an inviting target for investigation as a tax
cheat. Elliott Kajan, a criminal tax lawyer in Beverly Hills, Calif., said the
Internal Revenue Service tries to bring cases that will get wide attention in
order to deter others from cheating.

''The deterrent effect for an indictment of Barry Bonds for tax evasion would be
awesome,'' Kajan said.

On the other hand, tax evasion is rarely prosecuted. Federal grand juries hand
up fewer than 600 indictments annually where a tax crime is the major charge,
government data posted by the Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse at
Syracuse University showed.

Both Enos and Rains contended that any tax-evasion case against Bonds would be
greatly flawed because Bonds did not give Bell any cash to buy a house. They
said the money was actually given to her by Steve Hoskins, Bonds's former close
friend and business partner. Hoskins is now derided by Bonds's lawyers as a liar
and schemer who turned on Bonds to keep himself out of legal trouble.

According to Enos, it was Bonds who confronted Hoskins in June 2003 over the
suspected forging of Bonds's signature on various contracts, and it was Bonds
who then took his complaints to the United States attorney in San Francisco and
the F.B.I. Hoskins's lawyer, Michael Cardoza, said it was Hoskins who later told
federal investigators that Bonds was a heavy steroids user who flew into ''roid
rages.''

As for Kimberly Bell, Cardoza said that it was Bonds who gave Hoskins the money
to give to her.

''The cash went through Steve Hoskins, the taxpayer of record,'' countered Enos,
a reference to the fact that Bonds's memorabilia sales were made through a
company run by Hoskins. ''The main witness here may have a tax problem of his
own.''

Bonds's lawyers have previously attacked Hoskins, and Enos did so again last
week, stating that the relationship between Bonds and Hoskins fell apart after
Bonds learned of business deals made without his awareness. Enos said the
subsequent confrontation with Hoskins led to a termination of their business
dealings but that Hoskins continued to sell fabricated Bonds memorabilia.

''I couldn't figure out why the feds wouldn't pursue it,'' she said of the
complaint Bonds lodged with law enforcement authorities.

''I'm not going through every little thing,'' Cardoza said when asked about
Enos's statements. ''The feds investigated and found my guy did nothing wrong.
I'll put my guy up against Barry when it comes to truth and veracity any time,
any place, anywhere, especially under oath should we get there.''

Whatever the outcome of the tax-evasion issue, it is the perjury question that
goes to the heart of the steroid controversy surrounding Bonds. His former
trainer, Greg Anderson, pleaded guilty last year to steroid distribution and
money laundering in connection with the Balco scandal and was sentenced to three
months in prison and three months of home confinement.

Anderson's lead lawyer, Mark J. Geragos, stated that it was an explicit part of
Anderson's plea agreement that Anderson would not have to testify further,
presumably about Bonds and steroids.

But Anderson was summoned to testify again, and he ended up serving 15 days in
federal prison in Dublin, Calif., for refusing to testify. He left prison July
20 but went back to Dublin on Aug. 28 when he took the same stance with the new
grand jury. He was sent there by Judge William Alsup, who said the incarceration
was intended to be coercive, not punitive.

A transcript of the Aug. 28 hearing, held in open court, shows Alsup accusing
Anderson and Geragos of ''playing a game with the system.''

''There's a wealth of stuff in the public domain saying that your client
injected steroids into Barry Bonds,'' Alsup maintained. He also asserted that he
had seen Anderson on television and that Anderson had issued ''press releases
where it says it doesn't matter what my lawyer says, I'm not going to answer
those questions anyway.''

Geragos adamantly responded that Anderson had done no such thing.

In any case, Anderson is now housed in a small cell with a roommate and a slit
window. And he is finding life in prison more difficult than before, said Paula
Canny, who is one of Anderson's lawyers and visits him several times a week.

She said Anderson had been unnerved by a recent prison fight that led to a
two-day lockdown and that he had become claustrophobic. Canny said Anderson also
missed attending his son's soccer games and had seen his plans to be married put
on hold.

The new grand jury could run for 18 months, which means Anderson could be
washing dishes in the prison kitchen -- his current job -- for months to come,
provided he does not relent and decide to testify. Canny says he will not.

''In America the only thing worse than being a cheat is being a snitch,'' she
said. ''He's never going to say anything -- not because of Barry but because of
Greg.''

As Anderson sits in prison, Bonds will take his last at-bats of the season,
looking to move one or two home runs closer to Aaron's mark. That quest will
presumably continue in 2007; meanwhile, the grand jury continues its work as
well.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Barry Bonds, who has hit 26 homers for the Giants this season on
a surgically repaired knee, appears intent on playing again in 2007. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company

                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

BRIEF: Area man guilty of tax evasion

BYLINE: The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 232 words


Feb. 5--A Terra Alta resident pleaded guilty to tax evasion in an appearance
Tuesday before U.S. District Court Judge Irene M. Keeley.

Melvin L. Owens, 64, entered the plea to a charge that he failed to report any
personal income or pay any federal income taxes for tax year 2005, U.S. Attorney
Sharon L. Potter said in a news release.

Instead of filing a personal income tax return (Form 1040), Owens filed a
fraudulent trust return (Form 1041) that reported income of a nonexistent trust
named "Melvin L. Owens," she said.

In this, he claimed deductions that equaled the purported income of the trust,
resulting in $0 taxable income and $0 tax due. Even after IRS Special Agents
confronted him in April 2007, Potter reported, Owens continued to file
fraudulent trust returns and refused to either report personal income or pay
federal income taxes.

Owens is free on bond pending sentencing. He faces a maximum sentence of five
years in prison and a fine of $100,000.

To see more of The Dominion Post or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dominionpost.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Dominion Post, Morgantown,
W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090205-MV-BRF-Area-man-guilty-of-tax-evasion-0205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2009 The Dominion Post

                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 15, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Couple in New Hampshire Convicted of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 34;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H., April 14


Three days before the deadline for filing 1994 income taxes, a Federal jury
today convicted a couple of evading Federal income taxes for four years.

Stuart Tulchinsky, 47, and his wife, Cathie Schneider, 41, of Chester, N.H., the
owners of what prosecutors called two drug paraphernalia shops, put forth a
defense that they "sincerely believe" that the Federal income tax system is
voluntary.

Such defenses have become common in tax protest cases since 1991, when the
United States Supreme Court held that such a belief, however unreasonable, is a
complete defense in tax-evasion cases if jurors find that it is sincerely held.

In six trials in the last three years, eight tax protesters have been convicted,
one was acquitted and seven resulted in hung juries, Carl Stern, the Justice
Department's senior spokesman, said. The Government plans to retry the seven,
Mr. Stern said.

Mr. Tulchinsky and Ms. Schneider, who call themselves "tax awareness advocates,"
will be sentenced in the Federal District Court here on July 13.

"It's another strike against freedom," Ms. Schneider said as she left the
courthouse.

William Cohan, one of the couple's lawyers, said he expected that the couple
would be sentenced to "substantial" prison time and lose most or all of their
assets, including a lakefront home that figured prominently in the two-week
trial.

"I don't like to argue with juries," said Mr. Cohan, of Encinitas, Calif., who
has won other such cases or had cases that ended in hung juries. "But in this
case there are some very hard things to overcome. The Government had the jury
look at the pictures of their big house and all the money they made, unlike some
of the other people in this movement who are not prosperous."

Neither the lead prosecutor, Seth D. Uram, nor any of the six men and six women
on the jury would comment.

Mr. Cohan and the other defense lawyer, Bruce Kenna, repeatedly tried to get
Government witnesses to point to a section of the Internal Revenue Code that
requires that income tax returns be filed. Mr. Cohan told jurors that the
defendants repeatedly asked the I.R.S. to show them such a law but they were
rebuffed, an argument the Government did not dispute.

"Are you required to obey a law that the Government won't show you? Mr. Cohan
asked the jury. "I would like to see the statute that imposes a duty to file
income tax returns. You haven't been shown one shred of evidence of it. Why
won't the Government show it?"

Mr. Kenna, a former Federal prosecutor, said in an interview that the Government
was unwilling to respond to such questions in part because an answer requires
linking four sections of the tax code. The Government, he said, contends that
the arguments are frivolous and that linking the four sections is overly
complex.

In other tax protest cases, Federal prosecutors have said that the requirement
to pay taxes is so obvious that challenges to it are not worthy of a response.

In the last five years, 46 of 49 felony defendants in tax protest cases were
acquitted or the juries were unable to reach a verdict, according to Mr. Stern
of the Justice Department and other lawyers who represent tax protesters. Some
of the 46 were convicted of misdemeanor counts, Mr. Cohan noted.

Mr. Tulchinsky and Ms. Schneider were indicted in November on four counts each
of tax evasion for not filing returns for 1986-89. The case against them began
when a former employee told the I.R.S. that the couple did not pay taxes.

The couple stopped paying taxes after attending seminars by Irwin A. Schiff, a
Connecticut insurance salesman and author who contends that the income tax
system is voluntary.

The couple's net worth during the four-year period grew to $607,266 from
$184,426, according to calculations by a revenue agent, Tama Mitchell, that the
defendants did not dispute.

The couple should have paid at least $133,250 in Federal income and
self-employment taxes over the four years, the agent testified.

Mr. Uram said that even though Mr. Schiff had been convicted on tax charges
three times, the defendants did not re-examine their beliefs because "they were
looking for any excuse to stop paying their taxes" once their business became
profitable.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 17, 1995, Monday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Saturday about the
convictions of a New Hampshire couple on tax evasion charges misattributed a
statement that 46 of 49 felony defendants in tax-protest cases were acquitted or
that the juries were unable to reach a verdict. The statement was made by
William Cohan, a criminal defense lawyer, not Carl Stern, a Justice Department
spokesman.


                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 15, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Couple in New Hampshire Convicted of Tax Evasion

BYLINE: By DAVID CAY JOHNSTON

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H., April 14


Three days before the deadline for filing 1994 income taxes, a Federal jury
today convicted a couple of evading Federal income taxes for four years.

Stuart Tulchinsky, 47, and his wife, Cathie Schneider, 41, of Chester, N.H., the
owners of what prosecutors called two drug paraphernalia shops, put forth a
defense that they "sincerely believe" that the Federal income tax system is
voluntary.

Such defenses have become common in tax protest cases since 1991, when the
United States Supreme Court held that such a belief, however unreasonable, is a
complete defense in tax-evasion cases if jurors find that it is sincerely held.

In six trials in the last three years, eight tax protesters have been convicted,
one was acquitted and seven resulted in hung juries, Carl Stern, the Justice
Department's senior spokesman, said. The Government plans to retry the seven,
Mr. Stern said.

Mr. Tulchinsky and Ms. Schneider, who call themselves "tax awareness advocates,"
will be sentenced in the Federal District Court here on July 13.

"It's another strike against freedom," Ms. Schneider said as she left the
courthouse.

William Cohan, one of the couple's lawyers, said he expected that the couple
would be sentenced to "substantial" prison time and lose most or all of their
assets, including a lakefront home that figured prominently in the two-week
trial.

"I don't like to argue with juries," said Mr. Cohan, of Encinitas, Calif., who
has won other such cases or had cases that ended in hung juries. "But in this
case there are some very hard things to overcome. The Government had the jury
look at the pictures of their big house and all the money they made, unlike some
of the other people in this movement who are not prosperous."

Neither the lead prosecutor, Seth D. Uram, nor any of the six men and six women
on the jury would comment.

Mr. Cohan and the other defense lawyer, Bruce Kenna, repeatedly tried to get
Government witnesses to point to a section of the Internal Revenue Code that
requires that income tax returns be filed. Mr. Cohan told jurors that the
defendants repeatedly asked the I.R.S. to show them such a law but they were
rebuffed, an argument the Government did not dispute.

"Are you required to obey a law that the Government won't show you? Mr. Cohan
asked the jury. "I would like to see the statute that imposes a duty to file
income tax returns. You haven't been shown one shred of evidence of it. Why
won't the Government show it?"

Mr. Kenna, a former Federal prosecutor, said in an interview that the Government
was unwilling to respond to such questions in part because an answer requires
linking four sections of the tax code. The Government, he said, contends that
the arguments are frivolous and that linking the four sections is overly
complex.

In other tax protest cases, Federal prosecutors have said that the requirement
to pay taxes is so obvious that challenges to it are not worthy of a response.

In the last five years, 46 of 49 felony defendants in tax protest cases were
acquitted or the juries were unable to reach a verdict, according to Mr. Stern
of the Justice Department and other lawyers who represent tax protesters. Some
of the 46 were convicted of misdemeanor counts, Mr. Cohan noted.

Mr. Tulchinsky and Ms. Schneider were indicted in November on four counts each
of tax evasion for not filing returns for 1986-89. The case against them began
when a former employee told the I.R.S. that the couple did not pay taxes.

The couple stopped paying taxes after attending seminars by Irwin A. Schiff, a
Connecticut insurance salesman and author who contends that the income tax
system is voluntary.

The couple's net worth during the four-year period grew to $607,266 from
$184,426, according to calculations by a revenue agent, Tama Mitchell, that the
defendants did not dispute.

The couple should have paid at least $133,250 in Federal income and
self-employment taxes over the four years, the agent testified.

Mr. Uram said that even though Mr. Schiff had been convicted on tax charges
three times, the defendants did not re-examine their beliefs because "they were
looking for any excuse to stop paying their taxes" once their business became
profitable.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 17, 1995, Monday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article in Business Day on Saturday about the
convictions of a New Hampshire couple on tax evasion charges misattributed a
statement that 46 of 49 felony defendants in tax-protest cases were acquitted or
that the juries were unable to reach a verdict. The statement was made by
William Cohan, a criminal defense lawyer, not Carl Stern, a Justice Department
spokesman.


                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company

                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Goshen News (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 25, 2015 Saturday

Businessman sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: Goshen News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


April 25--A Mishawaka businessman was sentenced for tax evasion in federal
court.

Michael Smith, 60, Mishawaka, was sentenced to 27 months in prison and ordered
to pay $429,795 in restitution to the Internal Revenue Service for tax evasion
and structuring financial transactions. In addition, Smith will forfeit $656,019
in cash to the United States.

According to court documents, Smith, the owner of a heating/cooling business in
Mishawaka, evaded more than $400,000 in taxes during a five-year period by
failing to report business income on his tax returns. Smith also structured
multiple cash transactions to avoid bank reporting requirements. He pleaded
guilty on Dec. 11, 2014 to a count of tax evasion and one count of structuring
financial transactions.

Theft/burglary reports

--Employees at Hershberger Painting Inc., 57571 C.R. 29, Goshen, reported to
Elkhart County police someone stole a Graco 1595 airless paint sprayer with a
hose between 5 p.m. Wednesday and 10 a.m. Thursday.

--Barbara Harley of Goshen told Elkhart County police someone fraudulently used
her debit card between April 15 and Thursday.

--Vickie Fletter, 634 Pringle Drive, Goshen, told Goshen police someone stole
items from a vehicle at her residence at approximately midnight Thursday.

--David P. Bickel told Goshen police someone stole the stereo out of a vehicle
while it was parked outside his residence at 1804 Westplains Drive in Goshen.

Vandalism report

--Corina Morelock, 536 Van Gilst Drive, Goshen, told Goshen police someone broke
a window at her residence at 10:51 a.m. Thursday.

OWI arrests

--Laura Lehman, 51, 111 Gum St., LaGrange, was arrested by LaGrange police on a
charge of operating a vehicle while intoxicated Thursday and booked into the
county jail.

--Gerald Jaworski, 59, 597 Maple Ridge, LaGrange, was arrested by LaGrange
police on charges of driving while intoxicated and driving with a suspended
license-prior Thursday and booked into the county jail.

___ (c)2015 the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.) Visit the Goshen News (Goshen, Ind.)
at www.goshennews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150425-GW-Businessman-sentenced-for-tax-evasion-0425-20150425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GW


                           Copyright 2015 Goshen News

                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 16, 2013 Sunday

BIG 10 for the week of June 7-14, 2013

BYLINE: J.D. Sumner, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


June 16--These are the most-read stories at albanyherald.com for the week of
June 7 through June 14, 2013. Click on the headlines to read the full stories.

1. Digging for artifacts lands man in jail

ALBANY, Ga. -- One man's efforts to excavate arrowheads and other Native
American artifacts for what investigators claim was commercial gain has landed
him in the Dougherty County Jail.

2. BOE approves hiring of four new principals

ALBANY, Ga. -- The Dougherty County School Board approved Monday the hiring of
four new principals: Brandi Barrett at Albany Middle School, Angela Shumate at
Lamar Reese Elementary, Vontressa Childs at M.L. King Elementary and Ronald
Lewis at Morningside.

3. Miller County sheriff found dead near home

COLQUITT -- Miller County Sheriff, H.E. "Buddy" Glass was found dead near a pond
at his rural home Saturday.

4. Former Lee doctor convicted of tax evasion

ALBANY, Ga. -- Robert B. Sperrazza, a former anesthesiologist and resident of
Lee County, has been convicted of tax evasion and other federal charges.

5. Firefighters rescue kitten for philanthropist Willson

ALBANY, Ga. -- Businesswoman Jane Willson has dedicated a large portion of her
adult life to philanthropic pursuits. Perhaps it was karma, then, that brought
Willson a return on her good deeds recently.

6. Smallcakes hoping to savor the sweet life

ALBANY -- Less than 24 hours before its Albany debut, the staff and owners of
Smallcakes: A Cupcakery were busy learning the delicate techniques of cupcake
perfection.

7. Students sue to soften 'cruel' truancy policies

DALLAS -- Several students from northeast Texas said they plan to file a federal
complaint on Wednesday accusing their school districts of cruel and unusual
punishment by prosecuting them in criminal court for missing school or being
late for class.

8. Miller Sheriff's death ruled an accident

COLQUITT, Ga. -- Miller County Sheriff H.E. "Buddy" Glass was a victim of
drowning and possibly of heart disease, according to the Georgia Bureau of
Investigation.

9. Two rescued in kayak accident

ALBANY -- Albany police and firefighters responded to a 911 call at the Flint
River Saturday to rescue two kayakers.

10. Dougherty County Jail Report -- May 29-June 6, 2013

These are individuals who were booked into the Dougherty County Jail May 29-June
6, 2013.

___ (c)2013 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130616-1AH-BIG-10-for-the-week-of-June-7-14-2013-0616-20130616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2013

                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 7, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

It's a Tough Time for the Democratic Party in Massachusetts

BYLINE: By SARA RIMER

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 12;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 746 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, April 6


These are trying times for state Democratic legislators in Massachusetts. For
starters, the Governor, William F. Weld, is a Republican. But last week things
got a whole lot worse.

Charles F. Flaherty, the popular and powerful Democratic Speaker of the
overwhelmingly Democratic Massachusetts House, pleaded guilty to a Federal tax
evasion charge involving a 13-year-old tax return, and announced that he would
step down at the end of June.

Then, with Mr. Flaherty's top two lieutenants fighting to succeed him, one of
them, Thomas M. Finneran, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, did the
unspeakable: He announced that he had the support of a coalition that included
34 Republicans.

Joan Menard, a state representative for 18 years, is the chairwoman of the state
Democratic Party. "It's like letting the Democrats go to the Republican national
convention to choose a Republican candidate for President," she said, referring
to Mr. Finneran's surprise move. "It's not done. Everyone was hysterical when we
found out. We had no clue."

The calmest person at the State House here last week, at least outwardly, was
Charles Flaherty. "What am I going to do, have them investigate me for another
three years?" he said when asked why he had pleaded guilty to the tax evasion
charge.

The charge was brought by the United States Attorney's office after a three-year
public corruption probe that found no evidence that Mr. Flaherty had used his
office to enrich himself, or that he had traded his power for personal gain.

At age 57, Mr. Flaherty, who has four grown children and is divorced, lives in a
two-room apartment in Cambridge overlooking a supermarket parking lot. In
Federal court last week, he had on the same off-the-rack suit that he wore five
years ago when he was sworn in as Speaker.

"I've always been broke," he said, talking in his office, with the photographs
of the 81 former Speakers on the mahogany paneled walls. "I'm more broke now."
He says he has $2,000 in the bank, and one credit card to his name. He owes the
Federal Government $24,000 in fines and back taxes.

He owes an additional $26,000 fine to the State Ethics Commission in connection
with New England vacations he took in houses provided by friends who were
lobbyists.

Mr. Flaherty entered the Legislature 30 years ago, following the path of his old
friend, the late Thomas P. (Tip) O'Neill, who came from the same North Cambridge
neighborhood. Like Mr. O'Neill, who went from being Speaker of the Massachusetts
House to Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, Mr. Flaherty
built a reputation as the champion of the working class, and the poor. Two years
ago, Mr. Flaherty led the successful move to oppose Governor Weld's effort to
reinstitute the death penalty.

In an interview in his office last week, Mr. Flaherty brushed off the tax
evasion charge, and said he had done nothing wrong. "I signed a document," he
said, referring to papers he said his lawyer had prepared in 1987 when his 1983
tax return was audited. "It's a mistake on a tax form."

The United States Attorney, Donald K Stern, said in a statement: "Mr. Flaherty
admits that he lied under oath and submitted bogus diaries and meal receipts to
the Internal Revenue Service as part of a scheme to cheat on his taxes."

The Federal investigation followed a series by The Boston Globe that detailed
Mr. Flaherty's vacations with lobbyists.

The investigation has stirred outrage among longtime political observors, and in
legal circles. "It's ethics run amok," said Tom Kiley, a prominent Boston lawyer
and former first assistant state attorney general.

Jack Beatty, the writer of a biography of James Michael Curley, the legendary
Boston mayor and Massachusetts Governor who went to Federal prison for mail
fraud, said he thought Mr. Flaherty had been "railroaded."

"When Charlie Flaherty first got to the Legislature, corruption was defined as
brown bags full of cash," Mr. Beatty said. "Now it's defined as not keeping your
restaurant receipts. He was a bad accountant. Today people are being arrested in
politics for being bad accountants."

Mr. Flaherty, meanwhile, has been quoting his mother, Anna Flaherty, who lives
near him in Cambridge. He said she telephoned him after the news conference in
which he announced that he would step down as Speaker. "She said, 'This is the
matriarch of the family calling,' " Mr. Flaherty recalled. " 'Don't let them
bother you, dear.' "

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Charles F. Flaherty, the Massachusetts House Speaker, has
pleaded guilty to Federal tax charges and said on March 27 that he would resign.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company

                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Ohio: Accountant Pleads Guilty to Embezzling more than $1 Million

LENGTH: 621  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Department of Justice, The State of Ohio has issued the following
news release:



  Deborah Yosick, 60, currently of Davenport, Florida, pleaded guilty in U.S.
District Court to embezzling more than $1 million. She pleaded guilty to one
count each of wire fraud and income tax evasion.









 Benjamin C. Glassman, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio,
Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigation (IRS), and Angela L. Byers, Special Agent in Charge, Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Cincinnati Field Division, announced the plea entered
into yesterday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Sharon L. Ovington.



 According to court documents, Yosick embezzled money from her employer, Donald
C. Wright Investments, LLC and its sister company Don Wright Realty, LLC. Don
Wright's businesses are family-owned and are based in Centerville, Ohio. Don
Wright provided various commercial, industrial, and residential services in the
Dayton, Ohio-area.







 Between approximately 1985 and October 2015, Yosick was Don Wright's accountant
and was principally responsible for handing its accounts payables and accounts
receivables, including making journal entries relating to receivables, crediting
tenant accounts as rents were received and preparing deposit slips and making
deposits on behalf of Don Wright. Yosick was personally responsible for
depositing rental receipts (whether they were cash or check) into the
appropriate Don Wright bank account.







 Between 2010 and approximately October 2015, Yosick devised a scheme to defraud
and embezzle money from Don Wright by using rental payments to pay her personal
American Express bill, by initiating ACH transfers from a Don Wright bank
account. She used a portion of the cash she embezzled to purchase money orders
from supermarkets, Wal-Mart and post offices and use the money orders to pay her
personal American Express credit card bills.







 Also, between March 2013 and approximately October 2015, Yosick embezzled funds
from Don Wright by causing approximately 70 electronic transfers (ACH payments)
from a company bank account to American Express in order to pay her personal
credit card bill.







 In total, between 2010 and approximately October 2015, Yosick embezzled
$1,098,778.23 from Don Wright.







 Additionally, Yosick committed income tax evasion by filing a false income tax
return for the 2014 income tax year by underreporting her taxable income by
approximately $303,808, which resulted in tax due and owing of approximately
$94,601, which represented the embezzled funds from Don Wright.







 In total, Yosick attempted to evade paying $255,571 in federal income taxes to
the IRS for the 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 income tax years.







 Yosick agreed to pay restitution to Don Wright Realty LLC in the amount of
$1,098,778.23 and to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the amount of
$255,571.







 Wire fraud is punishable by up to 20 years imprisonment, and income tax evasion
is punishable by up to 5 years imprisonment.







 "Tax evasion and embezzlement schemes of this magnitude and with this degree of
trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished," said Kathy A.
Enstrom, Special Agent in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field
Office. "The IRS, FBI, and U.S. Attorney's Office remain determined and vigilant
in ferreting out such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."







 U.S. Attorney Glassman commended the cooperative law enforcement investigation,
as well as Assistant United States Attorney Alex R. Sistla, who is prosecuting
the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 13, 2015 Monday
                                  UNK Edition

Douglas Bruce due in Denver Monday for probation revocation hearing

BYLINE: Jesse Paul

SECTION: Z; Pg. 0Z

LENGTH: 273 words


Douglas Bruce, the author of Colorado's Taxpayer's Bill of Rights, is due in
court Monday on accusations he violated conditions of his probation in a 2012
felony tax evasion conviction.

State prosecutors allege he violated six terms of his probation, including
failing to timely report a law enforcement contact, not returning a financial
disclosure form and not properly disclosing financial obligations and funds.

Bruce, a former legislator, also is accused of failing to provide copies of his
income tax records for two years.

Monday's hearing is billed as a litigated probation revocation hearing. Bruce
was convicted in 2012 of attempting to influence a public servant, tax evasion
and filing a false tax return

Bruce said at an April 10 court hearing in the probation case that he planned to
represent himself during the revocation hearing.

Bruce was charged with assault in Denver after that April hearing, where he was
captured on video grabbing a cell phone out of the hands of Dede Laugesen,
executive director of Colorado Springs Government Watch.

The confrontation happened as Bruce,a Colorado Springs Republican, left the
Lindsey Flanigan Courthouse.

Denver's city attorney's office dropped those charges in May because it said
there was no likelihood of conviction.

In April, news also surfaced that Bruce is wanted out of an Ohio housing court
on a $5,000 bond building code violation arrest warrant, records there show.

The warrant, ordering Bruce's arrest, was signed by a judge March 19. It was
issued after Bruce failed to appear in court for code citations.

Jesse Paul: 303 954 1733, jpaul@denverpost.com or twitter.com/JesseAPaul

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Former Pleasanton investor who fabricated Hollywood background pleads guilty

BYLINE: Sophia Kazmi Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 315 words


OAKLAND   A former Pleasanton man, who faked a glamorous Hollywood background to
win clients, has pleaded guilty to federal wire fraud and tax evasion charges.

Prosecutors with the U.S. Attorney's Office say Brice Carrington told investors
that he was an Academy Award-winning sound effects engineer   going so far as to
commission a jeweler to create a fake Oscar statuette with his name on it.

Carrington now lives in Ojai, but while he was in Pleasanton he promised 10
investors that he would double or triple their returns on sound effects design
projects. After he received more than $4 million from his investors from 2001 to
2005, prosecutors say he only used about $430,000 toward the projects.

Instead, Carrington, 46, used a substantial portion of the money for personal
expenses, including the purchase of three high-end vehicles: a Lamborghini
Murcielago, a Hummer H2 and a Mercedes-Benz SL500R.

The U.S. Attorney's Office said the cars were props used to draw new investors.

Carrington, who made his guilty plea on Friday, told investors he was a
three-time Oscar winner and was involved in many Hollywood projects. He
displayed Oscars and photos of himself with the statuettes at his Pleasanton
home during fundraising parties. Carrington also admitted that he failed to
report $581,500 on his 2003 tax return.

He was charged Aug. 4 with five counts of wire fraud and four counts of tax
evasion. Under a plea agreement he pleaded guilty to one count each of wire
fraud and tax evasion, agreed to a four-year sentence, to pay $4,184,367 in
restitution and to forfeit the three luxury cars.

He could have faced up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine for each count
of wire fraud and five years of prison and a $250,000 fine for each count of tax
evasion and restitution.

Carrington will be sentenced Jan. 8.

Reach Sophia Kazmi at 925-847-2122. Follow her at twitter.com/sophiakazmi

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              April 3, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

THE CASE AGAINST DRIVER HELIO CASTRONEVES

SECTION: ST. PETERSBURG GRAND PRIX; Pg. 4X

LENGTH: 426 words


Penske Racing driver Helio Castroneves has won the St. Petersburg Grand Prix
twice along with two Indianapolis 500 trophies. He will miss this year's grand
prix because he is on trial in Miami on tax evasion and conspiracy charges.

* * *

Who's on trial

Castroneves, his sister/former business manager Katiucia Castroneves, and their
lawyer, Alan Miller.

* * *

The allegation

Prosecutors contend Castroneves helped mastermind an elaborate tax fraud scheme
involving companies in the Netherlands and Panama.

* * *

How it worked

Castroneves' original contract with Penske Racing, signed in 1999, paid him $1
million directly as a race car driver. It also was to pay $5 million from a
marketing deal to a Panamanian company, Seven Promotions. The prosecution
contends that Castroneves, his sister, and at least one other family member
created and controlled Seven Promotions, which under Panamanian law was set up
without producing a public record of the incorporating party's name or
identifying shareholders. Prosecutors also say Miller, the lawyer, later helped
devise a scheme to keep Penske from withholding taxes from the $5 million by
having it instead paid to a Dutch company. They allege Castroneves planned to
move to a tax haven such as Monaco after his career and accept the money at that
point without paying taxes.

* * *

The defense

Led by well-known criminal defense attorney Roy Black (former counsel to William
Kennedy Smith), the defense insists Seven Promotions was created and controlled
by Castroneves' father, Helio Sr., who had financed his son's early racing
career, and that money received by Seven Promotions is not taxable to Helio Jr.
The defense contends the driver was concentrating on his career and didn't
understand the financial dealings. To prove tax evasion, the prosecution must
prove Castroneves willfully evaded taxes.

* * *

At stake

Castroneves, 33, could face up to 61/2 years in prison and because he is not a
U.S. citizen could be deported upon release from prison. A conviction would ruin
his racing career and cost him millions in endorsements.

* * *

Outlook

According to Sports Illustrated, prosecutors obtain convictions in more than 90
percent of tax evasion cases. But Castroneves is an affable celebrity who became
broadly known through racing and his victory on Dancing with the Stars and he
has a high-profile defense team that has had success in celebrity cases. The
prosecution rested its case on Monday.

Information from the Miami Herald, New York Times, South Florida Sun-Sentinel
and Sports Illustrated was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press: Helio Castroneves will miss the St. Petersburg
race this year because of his trial.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 28, 2006 Tuesday

Ex-KPMG partner guilty

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A former partner at accounting firm KPMG pleaded guilty yesterday to conspiracy
and tax-evasion charges for his role in creating and marketing fraudulent tax
shelters meant to help wealthy clients avoid paying taxes.

David Rivkin, 42, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and one count of tax
evasion at a hearing in U.S. District Court in Manhattan. As part of his plea,
Rivkin has agreed to co-operate in the government's investigation of the
shelters prosecutors say cost the United States $2.5 billion (U.S.) in lost
taxes.

Rivkin told Judge Lewis Kaplan that he conspired with others to market the
shelters, which were meant "to allow wealthy taxpayers to claim phony losses."

He faces up to 10 years in prison, but federal prosecutors can recommend a more
lenient sentence in exchange for his co-operation.

Rivkin, who is a certified public accountant and worked in KPMG's San Diego
office from July 1999 to April 2004, initially faced 39 counts of tax evasion
and one count of conspiracy. Eighteen others have been charged in what the
prosecutors have described as the largest criminal tax case ever filed.

Rivkin helped clients claim $235 million in losses from fraudulent investments
in Cayman Islands entities or through foreign-currency transactions, court
documents said. Rivkin is scheduled to be sentenced next year.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2006 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

IN BRIEF&gt;&gt; SHORT SHOTS

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 458  words


Hall of famers

BASEBALL: Rickey Henderson, Major League Baseball's all-time stolen base leader,
and Jim Rice, breaking through in his final year of eligibility, were elected to
the US National Baseball Hall of Fame. Henderson, considered among the top
lead-off batters to play the game, received 94.8 per cent, named on 511 of 539
ballots in his first year on the ballot. His 2295 runs scored and 81 lead-off
home runs are also career records.

Hot shots on way

GOLF: Exciting American Anthony Kim and prolific British winner Colin
Montgomerie are the latest additions to the field for next month's Johnnie
Walker Classic in Perth. Kim, who started 2009 as runner-up to Geoff Ogilvy at
the Mercedes-Benz in Hawaii, has rocketed to No.9 in the world after only two
full years on the US Tour. The Johnnie Walker will be played at The Vines from
February 19-22 and the field already includes world No.8 Camilo Villegas,
11th-ranked Lee Westwood and Greg Norman.

New Power drive

MOTORSPORT: Australian driver Will Power will step in for Brazil's Helio
Castroneves at Team Penske while the two-time Indianapolis 500 champion fights
tax evasion charges in court, The Indianapolis Star reported on Monday. Power,
whose deal with KV Racing Technology expired at the end of last season, will
handle testing for Penske's No.3 car. Castroneves, who won US TV's Dancing With
The Stars in 2007, has pleaded not guilty to charges of conspiracy and tax
evasion.

Captain Hoiles

RUGBY: Wallabies backrower Stephen Hoiles has been appointed captain of the
Brumbies for the 2009 Super 14 rugby tournament. Hoiles takes over the captaincy
from Australian skipper and centre Stirling Mortlock. He has missed only one
match for the Brumbies since transferring from the Waratahs for the 2007 season.

Broncos coach

NFL: Josh McDaniels, offensive co-ordinator for the New England Patriots, was
named coach of the Denver Broncos on Monday, becoming the youngest coach in the
National Football League at 32. McDaniels, who becomes the third-youngest coach
in NFL history, agreed to a four-year contract to replace Mike Shanahan, who was
fired on December 30 after 14 seasons with the Broncos. McDaniels assembled New
England's record-shattering attack a season ago, with the Patriots scoring a
record 589 points in a perfect 16-0 regular season.

Ferrari's finest

MOTORSPORT: Ferrari unveiled its 2009 Formula One race car on Monday, getting a
jump on rivals in the hope of reclaiming the driver's title Felipe Massa lost to
Lewis Hamilton in the final race of last season. The car -- named the F60 for
Ferrari's 60th year in F1 -- was tested for the first time on Monday by Massa on
the Mugello track. Usually the team debuts its new cars in Fiorano, but snow
forced a move south this year.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 12, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Prosecutor Calls Flake a Tax Cheat

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 559 words


Representative Floyd H. Flake and his wife, Margarett, were portrayed by a
prosecutor yesterday as tax cheats who abused their position of trust.

"Ladies and gentleman, this case is about tax evasion and fraud," the
prosecutor, Andrew M. Luger, said in his opening statement at the trial of Mr.
and Mrs. Flake in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

But defense lawyers told the jury that the defendants were a dedicated,
hard-working couple who accomplished much for their Queens community, where Mr.
Flake is pastor of the 6,100-member Allen A.M.E. Church.

As the trial began, the large wood-paneled courtroom was crowded with 100
spectators, many of them supporters of Mr. Flake who arrived at the courthouse
in a special bus. Some supporters have assailed the charges as part of a pattern
of singling out prominent black officials for prosecution.

Ministerial Expense Fund

Mr. Flake and his wife are charged with embezzling $75,000 from a
church-sponsored housing project, obtaining $66,000 from the church for personal
expenses and evading income taxes on the money.

The prosecutor said that Mr. and Mrs. Flake diverted the money to a bank
account, called the ministerial expense fund, which was supposedly for the
church but which Mr. Luger called a sham.

"The ministerial expense fund was nothing less than the defendants' personal
bank account," the prosecutor said. He said they used it to pay for personal
expenses, including clothes, furs and jewelry.

A major part of the scheme, he contended, involved overbilling and diverting
payments for providing transportation services for residents of a
church-sponsored housing project called the Allen Senior Citizens Apartments.

Varied Community Services

A defense lawyer, Gustave H. Newman, declared in his opening statement that Mr.
Flake worked "seven days a week, 17 hours a day" performing services for the
church and the community.

"It is my honor, it is my privilege, to represent the Rev. Floyd Flake in these
proceedings," Mr. Newman said, placing a hand on Mr. Flake's shoulder at the
defense table.

Mr. Flake carried out church projects to build housing, establish a health
center, open a church school and provide other community services, Mr. Newman
told the jury.

All the money for the projects was handled openly and honestly, Mr. Newman
continued. If there were any errors, he said, they were innocent mistakes, not
intentional crimes.

'This Is a Strange Case'

The lawyer for Mrs. Flake, Theodore V. Wells Jr., described her as "an innocent
person with no involvement in most of the facts in the case."

"This is a strange case, this is a strange prosecution," Mr. Wells told the
jury. He said Mrs. Flake was on trial "only because she is the Reverend Flake's
wife."

The case against Mr. Flake is weak, the lawyer said. By charging Mrs. Flake, he
said, the prosecution was "trying to shore up that weak case."

Judge Eugene H. Nickerson explained that the case involved conspiracy,
embezzlement and tax-evasion charges.

If convicted, the defendants could each face prison sentences of up to 5 years
for conspiracy, 10 years for embezzlement and 5 years for each of several
tax-evasion counts.

Representative Flake was elected to Congress as a Democrat from the Sixth
District in Queens in 1986 and has served since 1976 as church pastor.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: At the opening of the tax-evasion trial of Representative Floyd
H. Flake yesterday, a group of supporters from the Allen A.M.E. Church, where he
is pastor, arrived by bus at Federal court in Brooklyn. (Chester Higgins Jr./The
New York Times)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company

                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

San Jose Resident Pleads Guilty To Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of California has
issued the following news release:



  Walter Rhodes pleaded guilty today to tax evasion, announced United States
Attorney Brian J. Stretch and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation,
Special Agent in Charge Michael T. Batdorf.





 According to the plea agreement, Rhodes, 64, of San Jose, admitted he attempted
to evade the payment of more than $300,000 that he owed in federal income tax
liabilities for the years 2002 through 2007.  Rhodes admitted that between 2006
and 2011, he received numerous notices from the IRS explaining that he owed
income taxes for the years 2002 through 2007.  In 2009, the IRS levied his bank
account. Subsequently, Rhodes opened a bank account using the name and social
security number of another person.  Rhodes also used that other person's name
and social security number to obtain employment as the vice president of an
energy company.  In an effort to further evade payment of his employment taxes,
Rhodes arranged for the salary he received from his employment to be deposited
into the account he opened in the other person's name. As of September 24, 2013,
Rhodes owed $514,476 in taxes and interest for 2002 through 2007.



 Rhodes was indicted on July 25, 2015.  He was charged with one count each of
tax evasion, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201; obstructing administration of
Internal Revenue Laws, in violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7212(a); social security
fraud, in violation of 42 U.S.C. § 408(a)(7); and aggravated identity theft, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1028A.  Pursuant to today's agreement, Rhodes pleaded
guilty to tax evasion. The remaining charges will be dismissed.



 The maximum penalty for a violation of 26 U.S.C. § 7201 is five years in prison
and a fine of $250,000.  Additional monetary assessments and supervised release
may be imposed; however, any sentence following this conviction will be imposed
by the court only after consideration of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the
federal statute governing the imposition of a sentence, 18 U.S.C. § 3553.
Rhodes' sentencing is scheduled for October, 11, 2016, before the Honorable Beth
Labson Freemen, U.S. District Judge.



 Assistant U.S. Attorney Jos&eacute; A. Olivera is prosecuting the case.  The
prosecution is the result of an investigation by the Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Con Ed Contractor Pleads Guilty To Bribery And Tax Evasion Charges

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Rodolfo Quiambao, the President
and Chief Executive Officer of the engineering and design firm Rudell &
Associates, Inc. (Rudell), pleaded guilty to two counts of federal programs
bribery in connection with his scheme to pay bribes and kickbacks to supervisors
at Consolidated Edison of New York (Con Ed) in exchange for receiving lucrative
contracts and other benefits from the public utility services provider.
Quiambao also pleaded guilty to two counts of tax evasion.  As part of his plea
agreement, Quiambao agreed to pay a total of over $5 million in forfeiture and
restitution.  When sentenced, he faces up to 30 years in prison.  Today's plea
proceeding took place before United States District Judge Allyne R. Ross.





 The plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of New York; Angel M. Melendez, Special Agent-in-Charge, U.S.
Immigration and Custom Enforcement (ICE), Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI), in New York; Shantelle P. Kitchen, Special Agent-in-Charge, Internal
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), New York; and Michael Nestor,
Inspector General, The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Office of the
Inspector General.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
starting in approximately 2000, Quiambao, whose company specializes in
electrical design, surreptitiously and regularly gave Con Ed supervisors
hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash and checks in exchange for securing
work, including lucrative "sole source" contracts, for his company.  The
defendant also engaged in tax evasion by first concealing and then deducting the
bribe payments he paid to the Con Ed supervisors as business deductions on his
companies' tax returns.



 Quiambao's guilty plea is the latest conviction in the government's
investigation of bribery and kickback schemes involving employees and
contractors of Con Ed.  Since 2008, thirteen Con Ed supervisors and employees
and three Con Ed contractors have been convicted.



 In announcing the guilty plea, U.S. Attorney Capers extending his grateful
appreciation to the participating law enforcement agencies.



 The government's case is being prosecuted by the Office's Public Integrity
Section.  Assistant United States Attorneys Lan Nguyen, Tali Farhadian, and
Claire S. Kedeshian are in charge of the prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 21, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Simplifying federal tax code will help reduce fraud

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 459 words


USA TODAY's article "Inmates stole $39 million from the IRS in 2009" serves to
highlight that  the wealthy are not the only ones trying to get extra money
back, avoid taxes or  pay less than their obligation  under the current federal
tax system.  Income tax evasion and fraud cut across all income tax brackets
(News, Cover story, Wednesday).

A complex system of exemptions, deductions and credits creates a mentality that
others aren't paying their fair share, so why should I? It creates a false
perception  of tax evasion and fraud as victimless crimes. But the victims are
the countless taxpayers  who pay and file their taxes in a timely, accurate
manner. They are subsidizing all the tax cheats.

It is time to simplify the tax code and stop using it to advance political
agendas or to accomplish social engineering.

Every year, I pay my Pennsylvania income tax, and I am reminded how simple and
fair it is. Take your income and multiply it by the current tax rate, a flat
3.07%, and arrive at your tax obligation.  Simple. There are very few
adjustments, credits or exemptions. The system is fair. Low-income
Pennsylvanians have their tax obligations forgiven.  For Pennsylvania retirees,
Social Security and pension income do not count as taxable income.

By using the Pennsylvania income tax system, much of the fraud and abuse that
occur with the current federal income tax system could be eliminated

Mark J. Shulkosky

St. Marys, Pa.

Scams hurt honest taxpayers

USA TODAY's cover story on  inmates and tax fraud just added to my distress.  So
much fraud exists in Social Security and Medicare, too.

I would like to see much more money added to the budget and slated for searching
for and  eliminating fraud in all government programs.  Many people depend on
Social Security and Medicare payments.  The benefits should not be cut for those
who have contributed to and deserve  them. Fraud in IRS filings, and in
entitlement programs, hurts everyone.

Peggy Ward Rawheiser

Wilmington, Del.

Who is minding the store?

Your article on inmates stealing money from the IRS through the use of
fraudulent tax refund requests was interesting, but it failed completely to
identify and answer three key questions:

*Why did Iowa, with  8,485 prisoners, have  $0 of fraudulent tax refunds issued?

*Why did Georgia, with about half the number of  prisoners as Florida, rank
second?

*Why did the Federal Bureau of Prisons rank near the top of the list, regardless
of the number of inmates they have?

Who  is watching the store? Shouldn't it be fairly easy to tell if someone is in
prison? And, if someone is, then shouldn't that be a clue  for the IRS to check
the paperwork carefully? Maybe the IRS should turn over  its  duties to Iowa!

Frank L. Bracy Jr.

Three Rivers, Mich.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Manuel Balce Ceneta, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Contra Costa Times Oct. 27 Letters from our readers

BYLINE: Letters From Our Readers Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 689 words


Medicare for all

If we didn't know before, it should be apparent now: Health insurance companies
are not our friends.

They are, in fact, little different from the tobacco companies, who, after years
of telling us lies, were exposed as purveyors of death who cared only about
profits.

The tobacco companies are devious and evil. The same can now be said about
health insurance corporations. They don't care about us; they only care about
their profits.

Some 44,000 members of our communities die yearly because they don't have
insurance. And for many of those who do have insurance, it's inadequate. That's
44,000 yearly, 122 daily and five people hourly. It needs to stop   now!

If terrorists were running loose in our communities, killing five people every
hour, we'd be in the streets demanding an end to their wicked, deadly ways.

Make no mistake about it, we are losing friends and family members to the profit
motive. The only answer to the problem is universal health care.

The best way to accomplish that is to open and extend Medicare to all   everyone
in, nobody out. Let the vile, self-serving health insurance companies pass out
of existence, and the sooner the better.

George Russell

San Pablo

Tax evasion?

The Times reports that a fellow from Livermore will be serving a five-month
sentence and paying restitution for tax evasion? This is very disconcerting; I
didn't think tax evasion was a punishable crime. If it is, wouldn't we be shy a
Cabinet member and at least four congressmen?

Seriously, we either turn the fellow from Livermore loose and apologize, or
immediately arrest Tim Geithner, Charlie Rangel, Tom Daschle, Pete Stark and
Robert Wexler. Like Geithner, Daschle and Rangel, I plan on under reporting my
income; like Stark and Wexler I'll be using Maryland or Florida as my state of
residence.

If the IRS questions my veracity, I will simply cut and paste the apparently
effective explanations given by our esteemed leaders.

David Fore

San Ramon

Risible boondoggle

The Times reported on Sept. 29 that several regional theaters in the Bay Area
have grave financial difficulties. Should Livermore persist in its plans to
build a 2,000-seat theater for the Livermore Valley Performing Arts Center? That
project was merely foolhardy back in the days of the housing bubble boom, but is
now risible as California sinks into the mire of recession. It's a small wonder
then that the boosters of that boondoggle are not as overtly promoting it as
they once did.

Henry D. Shay

Livermore

Deficit debacle

This year, according to the White House Office of Management and Budget, 40
percent of your federal income taxes will go to pay interest on the national
debt, not provide services, but just to pay interest on the national debt.

Think of it as paying the "minimum payment" on your credit cards, and the
deficit continues to grow.

The Congressional Budget Office estimated in August that it will be $1.4
trillion this year, $9 trillion over the next 10 years (an optimistic view).

Most economists believe that other than devaluing the dollar and drastically
increasing taxes and inflation, there will be no way to pay down this bill.

Yet the Obama administration just keeps spending and adding expensive new
entitlements that will only grow the deficit. "Hope and change," it's not.

Hal Bray

Brentwood

Tunnel vision

We're about to go through another Caltrans project that will only do half the
job it should. One often wonders how someone gets a job in engineering there
considering some terrible traffic routes in the Bay Area.

For those of us who travel east during commute hour through the Caldecott Tunnel
in the afternoon, you have to experience a huge backup even though there are two
tunnels open.

This traffic problem will continue even if a new tunnel is constructed. The
extra tunnel will only help those driving westbound, which is good but again the
eastbound will continue after millions of dollars are spent on this new tunnel.

Caltrans needs to engineer a better way so the afternoon eastbound traffic can
flow better to keep the traffic going. Also, I hope they finally clean the dirty
walls of all tunnels.

George L. Ramas

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 22, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judge Casts Doubt on the Manhattan Prosecutor's Right to a Bronx Tax Case

BYLINE:  By SUSAN SAULNY

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 846 words


District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan might be facing a rare
setback on a matter of jurisdiction. As early as next week, a state judge could
deny his request to prosecute a car dealer based in the Bronx on charges of tax
evasion.

"The evidence submitted to the grand jury is sufficient to support all the
substantive counts in this indictment," the judge, Justice William Wetzel of
State Supreme Court in Manhattan, wrote in a pending decision distributed to
lawyers in the case last week. "The lack of jurisdiction is the sole,
insurmountable impediment to prosecution of the case in New York County."

The judge's decision raises a question that many have asked quietly: Why was the
Manhattan district attorney trying to prosecute a case from another county? For
years, Mr. Morgenthau has used what some consider slim connections to Manhattan
to reach beyond its boundaries and bring defendants back to its courts. Once, he
even won the conviction of three Venezuelan bankers on charges that they
defrauded depositors in South America.

Sometimes other prosecutors have objected, but the district attorneys in New
York City often bow to the greater expertise and resources of Mr. Morgenthau's
office. In the tax evasion case, for example, the Bronx district attorney,
Robert T. Johnson, has been working with him, and stands ready to pursue it if
there is a jurisdictional problem, said Steven Reed, a spokesman for Mr.
Johnson.

The judge's pending decision, reported yesterday in The Daily News and The New
York Post, involves the indictment of Richard G. Gidron, a Bronx car dealer
charged with evading more than $1 million in state taxes. At some point, court
papers said, there was an electronic transfer of funds to accounts situated and
administered in Manhattan, which Mr. Morgenthau's office argued gave him
jurisdiction. But in the judge's view, those are "details of inconsequential
significance."

The possible dismissal of the case at a hearing on Monday could have
implications for another high-profile case in which Mr. Morgenthau has been
accused of overstepping boundaries: his indictment of State Senator Guy J.
Velella, also of the Bronx, on charges that he used his influence to help obtain
financing for public works projects. Among the Manhattan connections cited in
the indictment were the involvement of the Triboro Bridge and Tunnel Authority,
a state agency based in Manhattan, and a meeting at Smith & Wollensky, the
Manhattan steak house.

Justice Wetzel's decision has generated a great deal of buzz around the city's
courts. It is a quiet buzz, as lawyers are fearful of angering Mr. Morgenthau.
"To be quite candid," one lawyer said, "it does seem that the district attorney
of a particular county has assumed the jurisdiction of everything that comes to
his knowledge."

Even before Mr. Morgenthau was elected in 1975, the office of the Manhattan
district attorney enjoyed an almost mythically large reputation, in part because
of its sheer size but also because of the array of corporate, political and
mob-related cases it handled. The office has been lionized in books, movies and
on television, including the long-running NBC series "Law and Order."

Mr. Morgenthau, 82, is seen by many as the unquestioned super district attorney,
known for his creative thinking. "On the one hand, he's the Manhattan district
attorney, but on the other hand, he's America's district attorney," said Michael
Dowd, a criminal defense lawyer in Manhattan. "He's certainly one of a kind.
He's got to be. He aptly and uniquely fits Manhattan, whose impact goes far
beyond the county."

Not everyone is a fan. David L. Lewis, a Manhattan lawyer in private practice
who is the former president of the New York State Association of Criminal
Defense Lawyers, openly praised Justice Wetzel's questioning of jurisdictional
limits. "Frankly, it should be done more often," he said. "We rely on the
discretion of the D.A. not to overstep the boundaries. This office has problems
with overstepping the boundaries."

In the past, Mr. Morgenthau and his supporters have responded to such criticism
by saying that they are simply responding to modern white-collar crime. In an
age of globalization, they say, when computers can move money and information in
an instant, prosecutors who are inhibited by local or national borders risk
being outrun by criminals.

For instance, in the 1997 case won against the Venezuelan bankers, business was
never conducted in New York. But Manhattan prosecutors persuaded a state judge
that they had the power to bring the case here because many of the transactions
involved checks drawn on banks in New York or electronic transfers of funds that
passed through banks in New York.

But critics like Mr. Lewis do not accept this line of thought. "The fact of the
matter is that you could make an argument that everything touches Manhattan," he
said. He added that there are constitutional reasons for limits on jurisdiction:
"The jury composition, control of a courthouse and a judge's deference to D.A.'s
are different across counties."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company

                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Butz Still Hitting Speaking Circuit

                             June 2, 1981, Tuesday

Midwestern Bureau

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Despite his conviction earlier this month for tax evasion, Earl L. Butz, former
secretary of agriculture, continues on the speaking circuit at banking
conventions.

The Illinois Bankers Association said this week the former agriculture secretary
will deliver a previously scheduled talk at its 90th annual convention June 16
at the Chicago Marriott Hotel.

Mr. Butz, who served in the Cabinet post under Presidents Ford and Nixon until
resigning in 1976, pleaded guilty May 22 to a charge of Federal tax evasion for
failing to pay $74,000 in 1978 income taxes.

The case was brought in a Federal court in Fort Wayne, Ind., with the 71-year
old Mr. Butz awaiting sentencing.

A spokesman for the Illinois BA said Mr. Butz had "offered to withdraw" as a
speaker at the convention but the offer was turned down.

"The guy still has something to offer. He still has a right to his reputation,"
said the spokesman.

News reports on the tax evasion court case came as Mr. Butz was speaking to the
annual convention of thc North Dakota Bankers Assocation meeting May 18-19 in
Fargo.

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 181 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.

                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 11, 2014 Tuesday

Lebanon woman pleads guilty to tax evasion charge

BYLINE: The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 252 words


March 11--A Lebanon woman and president of City Limits Café in Lebanon pleaded
guilty Monday to sales tax evasion in Wilson County circuit court.

Judge David Durham accepted N. Rosie Cannon's guilty plea per an order of
deferment to one count of sales tax evasion. That means final judgment will be
held open for two years pending Cannon's successful completion of Durham's
orders. Cannon, 72, was ordered to pay $10,000 in restitution to the state. She
was placed on two years of supervised probation.

"The Department of Revenue is committed to applying Tennessee's tax laws and
policies uniformly to all taxpayers to ensure a level playing field," Revenue
Commissioner Richard Roberts said. "The department cannot and will not allow
people engaged in fraudulent tax activities to have a competitive advantage over
honest business people."

Roberts expressed his appreciation for the help of District Attorney General
Tommy Thompson's office in prosecuting Cannon's case.

The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws. The Department collects about 87 percent of
total state revenue. During the 2013 fiscal year, it collected $11.7 billion in
state taxes and fees and more than $2.2 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.

___ (c)2014 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140311-1LD-Lebanon-woman-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-charge-0311-20140311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                                 Copyright 2014

                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

EDITORIAL: What's next, an avenue for Tony Sopran?

BYLINE: The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, Va.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 243 words


Oct. 10--Leave it to New Jersey.

There, an Atlantic City councilor is hoping to get a stretch of street named for
a Prohibition crime boss.

Enoch "Nucky" Johnson had Atlantic City under his thumb during the speakeasy
era, when corruption kept the liquor flowing. He's currently the subject of an
HBO series, "Boardwalk Empire."

Councilor Dennis Mason thinks he's worthy of having a section of street named
after him. He plans to introduce a motion to take a one-block portion of Belmont
Avenue and rename it Nucky's Way.

Nucky sure had his way 80 years ago. But his history doesn't phase the
councilor.

"It was just tax evasion" Nucky was convicted of. "He didn't actually murder
anyone," Mr. Mason told the Press of Atlantic City.

Maybe Mr. Mason's forgotten that tax evasion was usually the only charge that
federal authorities could make stick, even though they knew that worse crimes --
including murder -- occurred under the mob bosses.

Nucky Johnson, criminal. Now, there's a role model for you.

To see more of The Daily Progress or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily Progress,
Charlottesville, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101010-CV-EDITORIAL-What-s-next-an-avenue-for-Tony-Sopran-1010-20101010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CV


               Copyright 2010 The Clover Herald (South Carolina)

                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 30, 2006 Monday

Castro Valley TAX EVASION CHARGES: An E ...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 162 words


Castro Valley

TAX EVASION CHARGES: An East Bay chiropractor has been indicted on charges that
he evaded more than $3.6 million in income taxes, federal prosecutors said
Monday.

Ramon Reynoso, 44, of Castro Valley, created trusts to conceal income from his
Hayward chiropractic business for the years 2000 through 2003, according to an
indictment last week from a federal grand jury in Oakland.

The indictment says he billed insurance companies using various names and bogus
Social Security and Employer Identification numbers, and then deposited the
insurance checks into bank accounts opened with fake Social Security numbers.
That money was then moved into brokerage accounts in the name of a family trust
he created and controlled.

Reynoso made his first court appearance Monday before U.S. Magistrate Judge
Wayne Brazil of Oakland. Each of the four tax-evasion counts against Reynoso is
punishable by up to five years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000.

-- MediaNews

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 6, 2016 Wednesday

Forty Fort dentist accused of tax evasion enters plea

BYLINE: Joe Dolinsky, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 237 words


July 06--SCRANTON -- A Forty Fort dentist on Wednesday pleaded not guilty to
charges he lied on his 2009 and 2010 income tax returns.

Charles J. Musto, a periodontist and owner of a dental practice on 920 Wyoming
Ave., was charged in May with a single count of tax fraud after federal
prosecutors said he knowingly reported less in both net income and receipts on
his 2009 income tax return. He later pleaded not guilty.

Charges from a superseding indictment filed June 21 in U.S. District Court
indicated Musto lied on his 2010 tax return and "did corruptly endeavor to
obstruct and impede the due administration of the internal revenue laws" through
deceptive means between 2008 and 2012.

Musto entered the plea during his arraignment Wednesday at the William J. Nealon
Federal Courthouse in Scranton, court records show. He pleaded not guilty to two
counts of filing false tax returns and a single count of tax evasion.

Court documents report Musto allegedly filed the fraudulent returns for his
dental practice and for rental properties he owns, which were verified "by a
written declaration that it was made under the penalties of perjury."

Musto was unable to be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.

Reach Joe Dolinsky at 570-991-6110 or on Twitter @JoeDolinskyTL

___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160706-WB-Forty-Fort-dentist-accused-of-tax-evasion
-enters-plea-0706-20160706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times Leader

                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

Former Stockbroker Pleads Guilty to Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 452  words


A previously convicted former stockbroker pleaded today in U.S. District Court
in Springfield in connection with an investment scheme which defrauded victims
of more than $600,000.

Jeffrey Eldred Gallagher, 72, of Bradenton Beach, Fla., pleaded guilty to one
count of wire fraud, three counts of engaging in an illegal monetary transaction
and two counts of tax evasion. As alleged in the Information, in 1989, Gallagher
was convicted in an earlier federal case of one count of mail fraud and three
counts of interstate transportation of stolen property in connection with
illegal options trading while he was a stockbroker at Paine Webber, Inc. U.S.
District Court Judge Mark G. Mastroianni scheduled sentencing for Feb. 29, 2016.

From at least 2008 through early 2012, Gallagher persuaded friends and
associates to pay him money to invest on their behalf, and made promises that
the investments would yield guaranteed returns of 10 to 15 percent. Gallagher
then commingled investor funds with his own personal funds, and paid some
investors with monies given to him by other investors. When investors asked
Gallagher for the return of their investments, he provided numerous false
explanations concerning his attempts to repay them, such as by falsely claiming
that his mother, who is still alive, had died on several different dates. In a
similar effort to stall for time, Gallagher wrote investors more than 40 bad
checks totaling $1,783,375. In sum, 23 investors lost a total of approximately
$617,475.

As part of the scheme, in 2009 and 2010, Gallagher used approximately $249,703
of investor monies for his personal benefit, but did not report any of this
income on his federal income tax returns for those years.

The charges of wire fraud and engaging in an illegal monetary transaction each
provide for a sentence of no greater than 20 years in prison, three years of
supervised release and a fine of $250,000. The charge of tax evasion provides
for a sentence of no greater than five years in prison, three years of
supervised release and a fine of $250,000 on each count. Actual sentences for
federal crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties. Sentences are
imposed by a federal district court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing
Guidelines and other statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz; Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in Charge
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Boston Field Division; and William P.
Offord, Special Agent in Charge of the Internal Revenue Services Criminal
Investigations in Boston, made the announcement today. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Steven H. Breslow of Ortizs Springfield
Branch Office. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Delaware County Nightclub Owners Plead Guilty To Tax And Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

Romeo Callueng, 45, and Susan Callueng, 43, of Woodlyn, PA, pleaded guilty on
March 26, 2015 to tax evasion and fraud in connection to a health care benefit
program.  The Calluengs, who owned the "Club 27" nightclub at 27 Bank Street in
Philadelphia, were receiving assistance from Medicaid and LIHEAP (Low Income
Heating and Energy Assistance Program) despite making substantially more than
the maximum income eligibility.  Each defendant pleaded guilty to one count of
fraud and four counts of tax evasion for evading income taxes in 2006, 2007,
2008, and 2009.

The Calluengs listed Club 27 for sale through a realtor in 2009. Undercover IRS
agents met with the realtor in 2009, posing as buyers. They were provided income
statements that had been prepared by defendant Susan Callueng, in which the
defendant asserted that the club had profits of about $400,000 per year in 2007
and 2008, and almost $300,000 for the first eight months of 2009 (an annualized
rate of about $450,000). The undercover agents then met with both the defendant
and her husband. Both Romeo Callueng and Susan Callueng explained to the agents,
in consensually recorded conversations, that they did not report all their
income to "Uncle Sam" and that they preferred cash registers to the POS system
because of the lack of records. Romeo Callueng explained to the undercovers that
"it's book number one and book number two."  He told the agents that they kept
track of their income, but they did not record it, because "you want to hide as
much as you can."

During a meeting with both of the Calluengs, Romeo Callueng explained to the
undercover agents that his wife could teach them how to run the business so that
they would not be "throwing red flags" to "Uncle Sam." Defendant Susan Callueng
was asked about the income statements that she had prepared, and asked what
portion is "off the books." She replied, "Everything is off." She then opined
that "everybody in this business is off the books." She stated that they report
a "bare minimum" of income to the Department of Labor in order to avoid putting
a "red flag up there." She also told them that she destroys the records related
to receipts because she does not want records to be available. The defendants
paid their employees and their expenses out of cash, in order to avoid making
excessive deposits and to avoid generating records of their expenses which could
trigger government attention.

The defendants had also applied for and received both LIHEAP and Medicaid. On
the applications for these benefits, defendants claimed income varying from $100
each per week to $700 per week, significantly below the actual profit they
earned from Club 27. The income that they were actually earning from Club 27
greatly exceeded the maximum income for eligibility for either of these
federally funded programs. In order to apply for these benefits, the defendants
were required to submit proof of their income. They attached letters on Club 27
letterhead, purportedly signed by the manager of the Club. However, the manager
never signed those letters.

U.S. District Court Judge Mark A. Kearney scheduled a sentencing hearing for
June 26, 2015.  Each defendant faces a maximum possible statutory sentence of 25
years in prison with an estimated advisory sentencing guideline range of 18 to
24 months, plus restitution to the IRS, a possible fine of up to $1.25 million,
a $500 special assessment, and three years of supervised release.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigations and the Office of Inspector General for the Department of Health
and Human Services.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Nancy Rue

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Delaware County Nightclub Owners Plead Guilty To Tax And Fraud Charges

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

Romeo Callueng, 45, and Susan Callueng, 43, of Woodlyn, PA, pleaded guilty on
March 26, 2015 to tax evasion and fraud in connection to a health care benefit
program.  The Calluengs, who owned the "Club 27" nightclub at 27 Bank Street in
Philadelphia, were receiving assistance from Medicaid and LIHEAP (Low Income
Heating and Energy Assistance Program) despite making substantially more than
the maximum income eligibility.  Each defendant pleaded guilty to one count of
fraud and four counts of tax evasion for evading income taxes in 2006, 2007,
2008, and 2009.

The Calluengs listed Club 27 for sale through a realtor in 2009. Undercover IRS
agents met with the realtor in 2009, posing as buyers. They were provided income
statements that had been prepared by defendant Susan Callueng, in which the
defendant asserted that the club had profits of about $400,000 per year in 2007
and 2008, and almost $300,000 for the first eight months of 2009 (an annualized
rate of about $450,000). The undercover agents then met with both the defendant
and her husband. Both Romeo Callueng and Susan Callueng explained to the agents,
in consensually recorded conversations, that they did not report all their
income to "Uncle Sam" and that they preferred cash registers to the POS system
because of the lack of records. Romeo Callueng explained to the undercovers that
"it's book number one and book number two."  He told the agents that they kept
track of their income, but they did not record it, because "you want to hide as
much as you can."

During a meeting with both of the Calluengs, Romeo Callueng explained to the
undercover agents that his wife could teach them how to run the business so that
they would not be "throwing red flags" to "Uncle Sam." Defendant Susan Callueng
was asked about the income statements that she had prepared, and asked what
portion is "off the books." She replied, "Everything is off." She then opined
that "everybody in this business is off the books." She stated that they report
a "bare minimum" of income to the Department of Labor in order to avoid putting
a "red flag up there." She also told them that she destroys the records related
to receipts because she does not want records to be available. The defendants
paid their employees and their expenses out of cash, in order to avoid making
excessive deposits and to avoid generating records of their expenses which could
trigger government attention.

The defendants had also applied for and received both LIHEAP and Medicaid. On
the applications for these benefits, defendants claimed income varying from $100
each per week to $700 per week, significantly below the actual profit they
earned from Club 27. The income that they were actually earning from Club 27
greatly exceeded the maximum income for eligibility for either of these
federally funded programs. In order to apply for these benefits, the defendants
were required to submit proof of their income. They attached letters on Club 27
letterhead, purportedly signed by the manager of the Club. However, the manager
never signed those letters.

U.S. District Court Judge Mark A. Kearney scheduled a sentencing hearing for
June 26, 2015.  Each defendant faces a maximum possible statutory sentence of 25
years in prison with an estimated advisory sentencing guideline range of 18 to
24 months, plus restitution to the IRS, a possible fine of up to $1.25 million,
a $500 special assessment, and three years of supervised release.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal
Investigations and the Office of Inspector General for the Department of Health
and Human Services.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Nancy Rue

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Feds offer more details in court papers on illegal lobster sales

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 785 words


SPRUCE HEAD, Maine -- The former manager of one of the state's largest lobster
cooperatives had a clandestine arrangement with certain members of that
organization to buy lobsters from them in cash and evade income taxes, according
to papers filed by the federal government in court.


Robert Thompson, 53, of St. George pleaded guilty Thursday in U.S. District
Court in Portland to one count of tax evasion and one count of violation of the
Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of lobsters. Thompson could receive
up to five years in federal prison for the more serious tax evasion charge as
well as a $250,000 fine for that offense.


Sentencing will likely occur in the spring after the probation department
compiles a background report on Thompson. The income that Thompson failed to
report from 2008 through 2011 from those side sales totaled nearly $160,000.


The U.S. Attorney's Office filed its version of the case on Thursday. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said Thursday that she could not comment on whether
there is any investigation into tax evasion by lobstermen who made the side
sales to Thompson rather than to the cooperative.


"The defendant entered into a clandestine arrangement with certain Coop members
pursuant to which those members agreed to sell a portion of their lobster catch
to the defendant for cash, rather than selling those lobsters through the Coop
system," the prosecution stated in its filing.


Under the cooperative system, lobstermen are required to sell all their lobsters
to the organization. The cooperative employee on the dock helps unload and weigh
the daily catches and issues boat slips to the lobstermen stating how many
pounds had been landed. Those slips are then provided to the cooperative's
financial manager, who periodically issued checks to the cooperative members.


The cooperative would hold back some of the payment to cover expenses for the
organization. At year's end, members would get a dividend for any unused money
from those holdbacks.


The U.S. Attorney's Office maintains in its paperwork that Thompson would buy
some of the lobsters directly from some of the cooperative members as they
arrived at the dock. He would then issue them boat slips that did not include
the amount he purchased.


Thompson, in turn, sold those lobsters to J.P. Shellfish in Eliot. J.P.
Shellfish was the largest legitimate buyer of lobsters from the Spruce Head
cooperative.


John Price, the owner of J.P. Shellfish, would record those purchases. He sent
cash payments to Thompson via truck drivers, who would pick up lobsters at the
cooperative. Thompson would then pay the cooperative members who had sold to
him.


Price was sentenced Oct. 29 to 45 days in prison for illegal currency
structuring and a violation of the Lacey Act because he knew Thompson did not
have a wholesale seafood license to sell lobsters.


Thompson, however, did not report the income he earned from the sale of those
lobsters.


The prosecution maintains that Thompson failed to report $61,363 in income on
his federal income tax returns from those side sales in 2008, $48,735 in 2009,
$29,203 in 2010, and $18,758 in 2011. The cooperative was paying Thompson an
annual salary of $60,000.


The cooperative's leadership had contacted police back in January 2012 saying
they suspected Thompson of stealing lobsters. A video surveillance camera was
installed when Thompson went on vacation. The investigation -- which included
the Knox County Sheriff's Office, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration -- led to Thompson being arrested in October 2012 for felony
theft.


Those charges were dropped by the state in May because for the case to proceed
the district attorney's office would have to turn over its evidence to the
defendant and the U.S. Attorney's Office had asked them not to do that as to not
interfere with its probe. The U.S. Attorney's Office and IRS then picked up the
case.


Cooperative President Casey Morrill attended Thursday's hearing, at which
Thompson pleaded guilty. He said he was disappointed that Thompson was not
charged with theft because the lobsters he sold to Price were the property of
the cooperative.


He declined to comment about the allegations that some members of the
cooperative were making those cash side sales to Thompson without the knowledge
of the cooperative leaders.


There are about 56 members of the cooperative.


The Internal Revenue Service criminal division has been involved in the
investigation, along with the U.S. Attorney's Office. An IRS agent on Thursday
declined comment on whether anyone else is being investigated.


In addition to the criminal penalties, Thompson has agreed to pay nearly $50,000
in taxes to the IRS on the unreported income.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Feds offer more details in court papers on illegal lobster sales

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 785 words


SPRUCE HEAD, Maine -- The former manager of one of the state's largest lobster
cooperatives had a clandestine arrangement with certain members of that
organization to buy lobsters from them in cash and evade income taxes, according
to papers filed by the federal government in court.


Robert Thompson, 53, of St. George pleaded guilty Thursday in U.S. District
Court in Portland to one count of tax evasion and one count of violation of the
Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of lobsters. Thompson could receive
up to five years in federal prison for the more serious tax evasion charge as
well as a $250,000 fine for that offense.


Sentencing will likely occur in the spring after the probation department
compiles a background report on Thompson. The income that Thompson failed to
report from 2008 through 2011 from those side sales totaled nearly $160,000.


The U.S. Attorney's Office filed its version of the case on Thursday. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said Thursday that she could not comment on whether
there is any investigation into tax evasion by lobstermen who made the side
sales to Thompson rather than to the cooperative.


"The defendant entered into a clandestine arrangement with certain Coop members
pursuant to which those members agreed to sell a portion of their lobster catch
to the defendant for cash, rather than selling those lobsters through the Coop
system," the prosecution stated in its filing.


Under the cooperative system, lobstermen are required to sell all their lobsters
to the organization. The cooperative employee on the dock helps unload and weigh
the daily catches and issues boat slips to the lobstermen stating how many
pounds had been landed. Those slips are then provided to the cooperative's
financial manager, who periodically issued checks to the cooperative members.


The cooperative would hold back some of the payment to cover expenses for the
organization. At year's end, members would get a dividend for any unused money
from those holdbacks.


The U.S. Attorney's Office maintains in its paperwork that Thompson would buy
some of the lobsters directly from some of the cooperative members as they
arrived at the dock. He would then issue them boat slips that did not include
the amount he purchased.


Thompson, in turn, sold those lobsters to J.P. Shellfish in Eliot. J.P.
Shellfish was the largest legitimate buyer of lobsters from the Spruce Head
cooperative.


John Price, the owner of J.P. Shellfish, would record those purchases. He sent
cash payments to Thompson via truck drivers, who would pick up lobsters at the
cooperative. Thompson would then pay the cooperative members who had sold to
him.


Price was sentenced Oct. 29 to 45 days in prison for illegal currency
structuring and a violation of the Lacey Act because he knew Thompson did not
have a wholesale seafood license to sell lobsters.


Thompson, however, did not report the income he earned from the sale of those
lobsters.


The prosecution maintains that Thompson failed to report $61,363 in income on
his federal income tax returns from those side sales in 2008, $48,735 in 2009,
$29,203 in 2010, and $18,758 in 2011. The cooperative was paying Thompson an
annual salary of $60,000.


The cooperative's leadership had contacted police back in January 2012 saying
they suspected Thompson of stealing lobsters. A video surveillance camera was
installed when Thompson went on vacation. The investigation -- which included
the Knox County Sheriff's Office, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration -- led to Thompson being arrested in October 2012 for felony
theft.


Those charges were dropped by the state in May because for the case to proceed
the district attorney's office would have to turn over its evidence to the
defendant and the U.S. Attorney's Office had asked them not to do that as to not
interfere with its probe. The U.S. Attorney's Office and IRS then picked up the
case.


Cooperative President Casey Morrill attended Thursday's hearing, at which
Thompson pleaded guilty. He said he was disappointed that Thompson was not
charged with theft because the lobsters he sold to Price were the property of
the cooperative.


He declined to comment about the allegations that some members of the
cooperative were making those cash side sales to Thompson without the knowledge
of the cooperative leaders.


There are about 56 members of the cooperative.


The Internal Revenue Service criminal division has been involved in the
investigation, along with the U.S. Attorney's Office. An IRS agent on Thursday
declined comment on whether anyone else is being investigated.


In addition to the criminal penalties, Thompson has agreed to pay nearly $50,000
in taxes to the IRS on the unreported income.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Feds offer more details in court papers on illegal lobster sales

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 789 words


SPRUCE HEAD, Maine -- The former manager of one of the state's largest lobster
cooperatives had a clandestine arrangement with certain members of that
organization to buy lobsters from them in cash and evade income taxes, according
to papers filed by the federal government in court.


Robert Thompson, 53, of St. George pleaded guilty Thursday in U.S. District
Court in Portland to one count of tax evasion and one count of violation of the
Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of lobsters. Thompson could receive
up to five years in federal prison for the more serious tax evasion charge as
well as a $250,000 fine for that offense.


Sentencing will likely occur in the spring after the probation department
compiles a background report on Thompson. The income that Thompson failed to
report from 2008 through 2011 from those side sales totaled nearly $160,000.


The U.S. Attorney's Office filed its version of the case on Thursday. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said Thursday that she could not comment on whether
there is any investigation into tax evasion by lobstermen who made the side
sales to Thompson rather than to the Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative.


"The defendant entered into a clandestine arrangement with certain Coop members
pursuant to which those members agreed to sell a portion of their lobster catch
to the defendant for cash, rather than selling those lobsters through the Coop
system," the prosecution stated in its filing.


Under the cooperative system, lobstermen are required to sell all their lobsters
to the organization. The cooperative employee on the dock helps unload and weigh
the daily catches and issues boat slips to the lobstermen stating how many
pounds had been landed. Those slips are then provided to the cooperative's
financial manager, who periodically issued checks to the cooperative members.


The cooperative would hold back some of the payment to cover expenses for the
organization. At year's end, members would get a dividend for any unused money
from those holdbacks.


The U.S. Attorney's Office maintains in its paperwork that Thompson would buy
some of the lobsters directly from some of the cooperative members as they
arrived at the dock. He would then issue them boat slips that did not include
the amount he purchased.


Thompson, in turn, sold those lobsters to J.P. Shellfish in Eliot. J.P.
Shellfish was the largest legitimate buyer of lobsters from the Spruce Head
cooperative.


John Price, the owner of J.P. Shellfish, would record those purchases. He sent
cash payments to Thompson via truck drivers, who would pick up lobsters at the
cooperative. Thompson would then pay the cooperative members who had sold to
him.


Price was sentenced Oct. 29 to 45 days in prison for illegal currency
structuring and a violation of the Lacey Act because he knew Thompson did not
have a wholesale seafood license to sell lobsters.


Thompson, however, did not report the income he earned from the sale of those
lobsters.


The prosecution maintains that Thompson failed to report $61,363 in income on
his federal income tax returns from those side sales in 2008, $48,735 in 2009,
$29,203 in 2010, and $18,758 in 2011. The cooperative was paying Thompson an
annual salary of $60,000.


The cooperative's leadership had contacted police back in January 2012 saying
they suspected Thompson of stealing lobsters. A video surveillance camera was
installed when Thompson went on vacation. The investigation -- which included
the Knox County Sheriff's Office, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration -- led to Thompson being arrested in October 2012 for felony
theft.


Those charges were dropped by the state in May because for the case to proceed
the district attorney's office would have to turn over its evidence to the
defendant and the U.S. Attorney's Office had asked them not to do that as to not
interfere with its probe. The U.S. Attorney's Office and IRS then picked up the
case.


Cooperative President Casey Morrill attended Thursday's hearing, at which
Thompson pleaded guilty. He said he was disappointed that Thompson was not
charged with theft because the lobsters he sold to Price were the property of
the cooperative.


He declined to comment about the allegations that some members of the
cooperative were making those cash side sales to Thompson without the knowledge
of the cooperative leaders.


There are about 56 members of the cooperative.


The Internal Revenue Service criminal division has been involved in the
investigation, along with the U.S. Attorney's Office. An IRS agent on Thursday
declined comment on whether anyone else is being investigated.


In addition to the criminal penalties, Thompson has agreed to pay nearly $50,000
in taxes to the IRS on the unreported income.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

Feds offer more details in court papers on illegal lobster sales

BYLINE: Stephen Betts BDN Staff

LENGTH: 789 words


SPRUCE HEAD, Maine -- The former manager of one of the state's largest lobster
cooperatives had a clandestine arrangement with certain members of that
organization to buy lobsters from them in cash and evade income taxes, according
to papers filed by the federal government in court.


Robert Thompson, 53, of St. George pleaded guilty Thursday in U.S. District
Court in Portland to one count of tax evasion and one count of violation of the
Lacey Act, which prohibits the illegal sale of lobsters. Thompson could receive
up to five years in federal prison for the more serious tax evasion charge as
well as a $250,000 fine for that offense.


Sentencing will likely occur in the spring after the probation department
compiles a background report on Thompson. The income that Thompson failed to
report from 2008 through 2011 from those side sales totaled nearly $160,000.


The U.S. Attorney's Office filed its version of the case on Thursday. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Julia Lipez said Thursday that she could not comment on whether
there is any investigation into tax evasion by lobstermen who made the side
sales to Thompson rather than to the Spruce Head Fishermen's Cooperative.


"The defendant entered into a clandestine arrangement with certain Coop members
pursuant to which those members agreed to sell a portion of their lobster catch
to the defendant for cash, rather than selling those lobsters through the Coop
system," the prosecution stated in its filing.


Under the cooperative system, lobstermen are required to sell all their lobsters
to the organization. The cooperative employee on the dock helps unload and weigh
the daily catches and issues boat slips to the lobstermen stating how many
pounds had been landed. Those slips are then provided to the cooperative's
financial manager, who periodically issued checks to the cooperative members.


The cooperative would hold back some of the payment to cover expenses for the
organization. At year's end, members would get a dividend for any unused money
from those holdbacks.


The U.S. Attorney's Office maintains in its paperwork that Thompson would buy
some of the lobsters directly from some of the cooperative members as they
arrived at the dock. He would then issue them boat slips that did not include
the amount he purchased.


Thompson, in turn, sold those lobsters to J.P. Shellfish in Eliot. J.P.
Shellfish was the largest legitimate buyer of lobsters from the Spruce Head
cooperative.


John Price, the owner of J.P. Shellfish, would record those purchases. He sent
cash payments to Thompson via truck drivers, who would pick up lobsters at the
cooperative. Thompson would then pay the cooperative members who had sold to
him.


Price was sentenced Oct. 29 to 45 days in prison for illegal currency
structuring and a violation of the Lacey Act because he knew Thompson did not
have a wholesale seafood license to sell lobsters.


Thompson, however, did not report the income he earned from the sale of those
lobsters.


The prosecution maintains that Thompson failed to report $61,363 in income on
his federal income tax returns from those side sales in 2008, $48,735 in 2009,
$29,203 in 2010, and $18,758 in 2011. The cooperative was paying Thompson an
annual salary of $60,000.


The cooperative's leadership had contacted police back in January 2012 saying
they suspected Thompson of stealing lobsters. A video surveillance camera was
installed when Thompson went on vacation. The investigation -- which included
the Knox County Sheriff's Office, and National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration -- led to Thompson being arrested in October 2012 for felony
theft.


Those charges were dropped by the state in May because for the case to proceed
the district attorney's office would have to turn over its evidence to the
defendant and the U.S. Attorney's Office had asked them not to do that as to not
interfere with its probe. The U.S. Attorney's Office and IRS then picked up the
case.


Cooperative President Casey Morrill attended Thursday's hearing, at which
Thompson pleaded guilty. He said he was disappointed that Thompson was not
charged with theft because the lobsters he sold to Price were the property of
the cooperative.


He declined to comment about the allegations that some members of the
cooperative were making those cash side sales to Thompson without the knowledge
of the cooperative leaders.


There are about 56 members of the cooperative.


The Internal Revenue Service criminal division has been involved in the
investigation, along with the U.S. Attorney's Office. An IRS agent on Thursday
declined comment on whether anyone else is being investigated.


In addition to the criminal penalties, Thompson has agreed to pay nearly $50,000
in taxes to the IRS on the unreported income.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News

                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Washington: Former President of Omni Facility Pleads Guilty to Fraud and Tax
Evasion

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Plymouth, Michigan, man pleaded guilty today to wire fraud and tax evasion in
the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan, the Justice
Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced.

­According to court documents, Michael Stover was the president of Omni Facility
Services, a janitorial company located in Southfield, Michigan, and as part of
his responsibilities Stover approved and paid subcontractors. Stover created a
fictitious subcontractor called Envirovac Inc., and from 2004 through 2010, he
created fictitious invoices from Envirovac that billed Omni for work that was
never performed. Stover then approved payment of those invoices on Omni's
behalf, and over the course of this scheme, Stover embezzled approximately
$2,178,423 from Omni. On his tax return for 2007, Stover evaded taxes by not
reporting the income he embezzled from Omni.

Stover faces a statutory maximum sentence of 20 years in prison on the wire
fraud count and five years in prison on the tax evasion count. He also faces
three years of supervised release and a maximum fine of $250,000 for each count.
U.S. District Judge Stephen J. Murphy set sentencing for Jan. 23, 2015.

The case was investigated by special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation. Trial
Attorneys Yael T. Epstein and Kenneth C. Vert of the Tax Division prosecuted the
case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the division website.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 23, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

IRS puts spotlight on willful tax evaders Criminal investigation division
reduces focus on narcotics cases

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1286 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Over 70 years, the story of how an IRS agent brought
down Al Capone on charges of tax evasion has evolved into a legend,
reminding generations of tax collectors that theirs was a noble
calling.

So it's been a challenge for Mark Matthews, head of the IRS' criminal
investigation division, to convince his agents that an obsessive
focus on the Capones of today -- high-profile drug traffickers
-- threatens their existence.

But it does, and that's what he's trying to change at the Internal
Revenue Service.

The criminal investigation division is adopting a new look for
2001. Out is the focus on narcotics cases, even though they are
sexy and often make the front page of local newspapers. In is
a determination to identify and punish people whose only crime
is willful evasion of their federal taxes.


The timing couldn't be better. It's no secret that IRS audits
of taxpayers are down in recent years. And according to some tax
preparers, the IRS' attempt to change its image from the brutal
and bloodless monster that was vilified in congressional hearings
in 1998 into a customer-friendly service arm of the government
has sent the wrong message to potential tax evaders.

"The message that some taxpayers took away from those hearings
was that it's now OK to cheat," says Joe Schwartz of Bourdens
Bookkeeping Service in Santa Rosa, Calif. "It's a Catch-22. The
IRS is going to have to do some things that are politically incorrect
and get tougher on people. I wouldn't want their job for the world."

It might be politically less popular to chase mere tax evaders
instead of drug kingpins, but it became mandatory after the criminal
investigation unit was diagnosed with "mission drift."

This came in a review conducted by former FBI chief William Webster
in 1999. According to his report, the IRS' in-house cop squad
had become so enamored of the swashbuckling opportunities presented
by narcotics cases that it had lost focus on its principal reason
for being: to enforce compliance among the approximately 200 million
Americans who pay taxes each year.

Following the Webster Report, IRS Commissioner Charles Rossotti
lured Matthews out of private practice, persuaded him to take
over as chief of the unit and its 2,900 agents, and gave him a
clear mandate to change the way it operated.

While the IRS will still help out on narcotics cases, Matthews
doesn't want those big scores to dominate his group's image.

"The problem with a tax charge in a drug case is that it leaves
people thinking that the IRS was only interested in pursuing the
cases due to the narcotics charge as opposed to the tax crime,"
Matthews says.

"We don't fool ourselves into believing those cases send a huge
deterrence message to the average taxpayer. We're trying to reach
that slim portion of the public that is willfully deciding to
cheat and falsify their books and bank accounts. That's where
criminal investigation should be spending its time."

In his year at the helm, Matthews has pushed his investigators
to give priority to several emerging tax-evasion issues:

* Abusive trusts. When Matthews arrived, the complaint
he heard most often from his peers was that the IRS wasn't doing
enough to crack down on phony offshore trusts. In recent years,
there has been a proliferation in trusts, offshore and domestic,
created for no reason other than to shield income from the IRS
and enable wealthy individuals to live virtually tax-free in the
USA.

"Foreign trusts had become the flavor of the day," Matthews
recalls.

"There are a lot of people who have made a business out of duping
individuals into believing they can avoid paying taxes," says
Harvey Schneider, a partner at Putney Twombley Hall & Hirson.
"It's a growth area."

"People who use trusts to avoid paying taxes are being led astray
by charlatans and frauds," adds Andrew Blackman of Shapiro &
Lobel.

In 1996, the IRS didn't have any convictions in this area. By
1999, the agency had scored 35, and in 2000, it added 52 more.

Courts treat these cases seriously. In November, John Modena of
Michigan was sentenced to 5 years in prison for promoting "sham"
trusts. His clients, five members of the Russell family, each
got jail sentences, as well.

"The next time a tax preparer hears from a client about a foreign
tax scheme, the tax professional will be able to tell the client
that the IRS is pursuing this area aggressively and that individuals
have gone to jail for similar schemes," Matthews says.

Adds Dale Hart, an IRS deputy commissioner: "We don't lose these
cases. The legal history is that these are shams. This is a slam-dunk
when we get to court."

* Employment tax fraud. This form of tax evasion, where
an employer diverts this tax from an employee's paycheck and into
his own pocket, is another area where Matthews has heard criticism
of IRS enforcement in the past.

But in recent months, the agency has notched some prominent convictions.
On Nov. 29, C. David Morrison was convicted of taking $ 4.5 million
in employment taxes from employees of Logan General Hospital in
Logan, W.Va., and diverting it into various business projects.
The theft forced the hospital to seek Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection
from creditors.

"A lot of people were astonished at the number of multimillion-dollar
cases out there," Matthews says.

 * Electronic filing fraud

. As more people rush to take advantage of electronic filing,
con artists impersonating real taxpayers have victimized the IRS.
This year, the IRS is implementing safeguards to help discern
the difference between legitimate returns and bogus ones. The
criminal investigation unit is putting together a SWAT team of
computer-savvy investigators to deal with electronic filing issues.

Matthews says the biggest shift in his unit was the arrival of
Nancy Jardini as associate chief counsel in the criminal tax division.

Jardini, a Justice Department trial attorney who helped prepare
the Webster Commission report, is responsible for changing the
way the IRS investigates its cases.

In the old days, an investigator might spend a year building a
case against a suspected tax cheat, only to have an IRS lawyer
poke holes in it at the end of the process.

Under Jardini, IRS investigators will start working with in-house
attorneys early in the game to determine whether a case has legs.

"The goal is to eliminate mistakes," Jardini says. "We review
all search warrants and advise investigators every step of the
way. A big part is to kill bad cases early. By providing expert
on-site advice, hopefully our cases will move more quickly through
the system."

Matthews has another goal: to get the word out that an efficient
cadre of tax investigators, bent on exposing real tax cheats,
will reassure average, law-abiding American taxpayers that they're
not getting stuck with someone else's bill.

"For the 200 million taxpayers who are filing honest returns,
the criminal investigation unit is a good news story," he says.
"If you think you're paying for someone else's fraud, we're a
great story."


Investigation results
199819992000
Investigations launched4,6553,9523,372
Recommended
for prosecution 3,527 3,120 2,434
Indictments3,1802,9522,469
Total convictions3,0002,7132,249
Total sentenced2,9742,6192,475
Sent to prison2,4132,1342,002

Investigations may take years; convictions in a given year do
not necessarily represent cases that were initiated in that year.
A fiscal year runs Oct. 1 through Sept. 30.

Source: Criminal Investigation Management Information System

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; Changing direction: Mark
Matthews, the IRS' top cop for criminal investigations, says the biggest shift
in his unit was the arrival of Nancy Jardini.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              May 27, 1994, Friday

TRANSPORT BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 500 words


REPORT: BOEING NEARS

$ 5 BILLION CHINESE DEAL

NEW YORK - Boeing Co. is within weeks of closing a $ 5 billion order from China
for more than 50 commercial planes, according to a published report.

The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that talks are in their final stages,
awaiting a U.S. decision on whether to extend China's most-favored- nation trade
status.

Boeing is expected to get orders for as many as 15 twin-engine 777 jetliners,
about the same number of 757 jets and 737 planes, the paper said. The deal also
is expected to include 747-400 jumbo jets, the report said.

A spokesman for Boeing told the paper: "Serious discussions are under way. MFN
is the big question right now."

The bulk of the order is intended for Air China of Beijing, with deliveries to
be made between 1996 and 1998, the paper said.  NM TRUCKER GUILTY

OF TAX EVASION

SANTA FE, N.M. - Roswell, N.M., trucking company owner, Dwayne Miller, has been
convicted of criminal tax evasion for failing to pay taxes involving contracts
with Curry County to haul road materials.

Mr. Miller, who operated Miller Trucking Co., was convicted by a Santa Fe County
jury on six felony counts of criminal tax evasion - failing to pay gross
receipts tax, special fuels tax and weight and distance taxes.

Mr. Miller was placed on three years probation and ordered to pay restitution,
the amount to be determined by the Taxation and Revenue Department and probation
officials.

The case stemmed from a grand jury proceeding last year, which led to tax
evasion charges against Mr. Miller for contracts with Curry County that paid him
more than $ 500,000 for hauling lime from 1990 to 1993.  UPS PACKAGE TRACKING

AVAILABLE ON WINDOWS ATLANTA - United Parcel Service said it has released a
Windows version of MaxiTrac, the company's PC-based, online software that
customers can use to track their packages.

UPS said the new option will make tracking easier and faster, especially for
small to medium-sized shippers who use stand-alone PCs in their businesses.

Previously only available for DOS systems, MaxiTrac for Windows can run
concurrently with, but independent of other software programs such as Microsoft
Word or Excel, UPS said.

UPS said improvements in both the Windows and DOS versions include a feature
that allows customers to request an electronically generated proof of delivery
letter, which is sent to them via mail or fax.  BOMBARDIER EXECUTIVES

EYE CHINESE AVIATION BEIJING - Ontario Premier Bob Rae traveled to northeastern
China this week with executives from aircraft manufacturer Bombardier Inc. to
discuss aviation production with Chinese officials.

Mr. Rae is on the second day of a five-day visit aimed at promoting business and
trade. He is accompanied by Bombardier executives, including the company's
chairman, Laurent Beaudoin.

On Sunday, Bombardier signed a nonbinding memorandum of agreement with China's
aviation industry for joint production of components.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: TRANSPORT BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.

                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

IRS: Taxes evaded on $43 million;
Palm Beacher who stashed money abroad penalized $21 million.

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


A 79-year-old Palm Beach woman made tax evasion history Tuesday when she
admitted to failing to tell the Internal Revenue Service about a whopping $43
million she had stashed in foreign accounts.

The amount is believed to be one of the largest individual tax evasion cases
since the U.S. in 2008 began a crackdown on those who use foreign tax havens to
hide assets from the government.

Mary Estelle Curran, who inherited the money from her late husband, Mortimer,
when he died in 2000, faces a maximum six years in prison when she is sentenced
March 29. As part of a plea deal, Curran agreed to pay a $21 million penalty for
failing to tell the IRS about the accounts she had at UBS AG in Switzerland and
a bank in Liechtenstein, federal prosecutors said. Her failure to report the
interest income she earned from 2001 to 2007 cost the government about $667,716.

Curran is one of roughly five dozen taxpayers who have been charged since the
U.S. Department of Justice reported in 2008 that as many as 20,000 U.S. citizens
had hidden $20 billion in assets overseas. Until Curran's eye-popping stash was
uncovered, a $42 million illegal nest egg that produced a $20 million penalty
was the largest tax evasion case pursued since the feds calculated the enormity
of potential tax losses.

Prosecutions have focused mainly on accounts held by UBS -- one of the world's
largest wealth managers. In 2008, the Zurich-based firm was caught in an IRS
sting that was orchestrated with the help of an ex-UBS employee-turned
whistle-blower who told authorities the bank was helping U.S. citizens evade
taxes.

In February 2009, it admitted its involvement in the tax evasion scheme and
agreed to pay a $780 million fine. While the bank balked at handing over client
names, in 2009 the Swiss government agreed that 4,450 names should be turned
over to U.S. officials. Curran was charged in November. She was represented by
Miami attorney Roy Black.

Federal officials promised prosecutions will continue. "Offshore accounts can no
longer be used to hide from the IRS and avoid paying the fair amount of tax,"
Richard Weber, chief of IRS criminal investigation, said in a statement. "(The
office) is aggressively pursuing tax cheats -- both domestically and
internationally."

jmusgrave@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 5, 2010 Friday

Owner of South Kitsap Drive-In Pleads Guilty to Tax Evasion

BYLINE: Josh Farley, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Mar. 5--TACOMA -- A Port Orchard woman who has owned at least two area movie
theaters pleaded guilty Friday to tax evasion, according to the U.S. Attorney's
Office in Seattle.

Federal prosecutors say Cindy Ondracek, 49, failed to pay income taxes on more
than $197,000 in income from the theaters. Ondracek and her husband, Jack, have
operated Rodeo Drive In in South Kitsap since 1986.

Ondracek faces up to 5 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, prosecutors said.

Theaters owned by the Ondraceks took in more than $2 million in gross receipts
from 2001 to 2005, but Ondracek didn't file tax returns for those years. One of
the ways she avoided the attention of regulators was by never depositing $10,000
in her account at one time, they added. Depositing that much triggers an
automatic notification of federal authorities.

The 49-year-old owes the government about $68,000, prosecutors said. Though
their bank had warned them about reporting the income and their accountant knew
about the money, Cindy Ondracek was ultimately the one charged because she was
the only one who tried to "shield" the information from the government,
prosecutors said.

The Ondraceks owned the Redwood Cinema in East Bremerton between 2002 and 2004,
when they closed the theater. The Redwood has since reopened under new
ownership.

Jack Ondracek said Friday afternoon that the Rodeo Drive-In will remain open.

Ondracek will be sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Ronald B. Leighton on
May 27.

To see more of the Kitsap Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kitsapsun.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100305-1BR-Owner-of-South-Kitsap-Drive-In-Pleads-Guilty-to-Tax-Evasion
-0305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2010 Kitsap Sun

                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 15, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Dark Clouds Gather as Phillies Pay Visit to the Giants

BYLINE: By PAT BORZI

SECTION: Section D; Column 2; Sports Desk; BASEBALL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1124 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, July 14


The whole thing took less than a minute. Phillies pitcher Brett Myers stood in
front of reporters in an AT&T Park interview room early Friday afternoon, about
six hours before the Phillies played the Giants, and did what some would have
preferred he had done three weeks ago -- personally express remorse over his
arrest in Boston for allegedly assaulting his wife.

''I've been humbled greatly by this problem and I deeply regret any incident
that happened,'' a subdued Myers, dressed in Phillies workout attire, said as he
read from a statement. ''Over the last several weeks I learned a lot about
myself and I have a lot more to learn.''

He added: ''I want to apologize to my wife, my family, my teammates, the entire
Phillies organization and especially the fans. I would like to thank you for
respecting our privacy. We've both decided it is time for me to rejoin the
team.''

Myers declined to answer questions.

After completing a leave of absence to undergo counseling with his wife, Kim,
Myers returned to the Phillies on Friday and will start here Sunday against
Jason Schmidt.

So a curious confluence of bad karma, public disdain and the baseball schedule
brought Myers and the underperforming Phillies back to start the second half of
the season in the home stadium of another player who has put baseball in a
negative light: Barry Bonds, who is waiting to see whether a federal grand jury
will indict him for possible income tax evasion and perjury.

Bonds has had an uncomfortable week, and not because he missed the All-Star Game
for the only the second time as a healthy Giant. The grand jury, whose 18-month
term is believed to run out next week, must decide whether Bonds perjured
himself when he told the Balco grand jury in 2003 that he never knowingly used
steroids. The tax evasion issue involves the sale of memorabilia, income Bonds
allegedly did not report to the I.R.S. and used to buy his former girlfriend a
house.

The current grand jury did not return an indictment Thursday, but it meets again
next Thursday.

On Friday, Bonds's personal lawyer, Laura Enos, told The Associated Press that
Bonds could be charged next week, and that his legal team was prepared. ''We
have excellent tax records and we are very comfortable that he has not
shortchanged the government at all,'' she said.

Two days ago, The New York Times reported that Bonds's best friend from
childhood and former business partner, Steve K. Hoskins, told federal
investigators that Bonds used steroids heavily, which Bonds's lawyers deny.
Bonds, through his lawyers, accused Hoskins of forging his name on business
contracts.

Also, Bonds's former trainer Greg Anderson -- an admitted steroids supplier --
has spent the last 10 days in jail for refusing to testify before the grand
jury. On Friday, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
refused to release him. Anderson has already served a three-month term for his
Balco involvement.

Whether these developments ruffled Bonds was impossible to tell Friday. Bonds
arrived at AT&T Park just before 4 p.m. and spent much of his time in the black
leather recliner at his locker. He spoke to only one reporter, from mlb.com.

During his first at-bat, in the second inning, Bonds was roundly cheered by
Giants fans. And though he popped out to second base in that at-bat, he later
walked twice, scoring each time, and stole a base as the Giants won, 5-3.

Bonds hit 12 homers in the first half of the season to give him 720 in his
career, 35 short of Hank Aaron's record. Accusations about Bonds have swirled
around the Giants for years, and Manager Felipe Alou has grown tired of the
questions. When asked whether the possible indictment might distract his
players, Alou said coarsely that he did not care.

''Whatever is associated with Barry is not going to affect the team,'' Alou
said.

The charges against Myers, however, were not something the Phillies seemed
prepared to deal with. On Friday, the Phillies announced that the Pennsylvania
Coalition Against Domestic Violence will train players and club employees about
domestic violence issues and help the club establish a policy to deal with
future incidents.

Myers was arrested shortly after midnight on June 23 in Boston, where the
Phillies were to play the Red Sox in an interleague series. Myers was charged
with assault and battery after witnesses said he slapped his wife in the face
and dragged her by her hair during an argument on a Boston street. Kim Myers
paid his $200 bail, and Myers pleaded not guilty. He is not required to attend
his Aug. 4 court hearing.

It is hard to imagine how the Phillies could have handled this worse. The club
angered a Philadelphia group that opposes domestic violence by letting Myers
make his scheduled start June 24 against Curt Schilling of the Red Sox. General
Manager Pat Gillick said at the time that it was in the Phillies' best interest
to let Myers pitch because ''he's our best pitcher.''

Myers was booed repeatedly by the Fenway Park crowd while giving up three runs
on seven hits in five innings in a 5-3 10-inning loss. Afterward, he said he was
sorry only that the incident became public.

Three days later, Myers issued a statement of apology through the club and began
a leave of absence through the All-Star Game break. Through the Phillies'
employee assistance program, Myers and his wife have undergone counseling
sessions in Philadelphia and in Jacksonville, Fla., where they live in the
offseason. While away from the team, Myers threw two simulated games in
Clearwater, Fla., where the Phillies' Class A farm team is based.

''Through the E.A.P. program, I have been guided to all the right resources,''
Myers said Friday. ''Kim and I are committed to continue with these resources
and will work through any problems.''

Then Monday, the team chairman, Bill Giles, who had been vacationing in Italy
when Myers was arrested, caused a firestorm by telling reporters in Pittsburgh
for the All-Star Game that the incident did not happen as reported, that Myers
was merely helping his wife. Giles said he based that on a conversation with the
Phillies' president and chief executive officer, David Montgomery.

The next day, Montgomery said Giles misunderstood him. But the topic
nevertheless dominated Philadelphia sports talk radio. After Friday night's
game, the 40-48 Phillies trailed the Mets by 13 1/2 games in the National League
East, and the Dodgers by 5 1/2 games for the wild card.

The pitching coach, Rich Dubee, watched Myers throw 89 pitches in the second
simulated game on Tuesday and said Myers was ready to resume his turn. ''That's
good news,'' Phillies Manager Charlie Manuel said. ''Hopefully he'll do good,
and everything will be fine.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Giants outfielder Barry Bonds, center, had nothing to say about
possible indictments yesterday. In the visiting dugout, Brett Myers had problems
of his own. (Photo by Peter DaSilva for The New York Times)(pg. D1)
 Phillies pitcher Brett Myers after rejoining the team. Myers expressed regret
for his arrest in Boston last month, but did not answer questions. (Photo by
Kimberly White/Associated Press)(pg. D2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company

                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

Old Saybrook businessman who founded Flowers USA charged with tax evasion

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


April 19--David M. Adams, the Old Saybrook businessman who founded Flowers USA
and now owns the Saybrook Junction development by the town's train station,
faces a criminal charge of making false statements on federal tax returns.

Adams, 55, principal of Saybrook Realty Partners and an East Lyme property owner
with a home on Boston Post Road, was charged Friday with one count of filing a
false tax return. The charge involved the failure to report $4.7 million that he
allegedly received after selling his partnership interest in an online floral
business in June 2011.

The federal criminal complaint said Adams' tax return for 2011 also showed he
had paid $220,000 in taxes that year when he actually paid $100,000.

An affidavit filed in connection with the case by IRS special agent Kathryn A.
Franson said Adams' violation of financial law was nothing new.

In 1986, according to the document, Adams was convicted of credit card fraud,
was sentenced to a three-year prison term and was ordered to pay restitution of
$388,000. He also has been convicted in the past of willful failure to file
income tax returns, Franson said.

"Adams has repeatedly made false statements on his tax returns, claiming to have
made more in payments than he actually made," according to the affidavit. "...
(H)e also grossly understated his income."

Adams was released on a $500,000 bond secured by real property. If convicted, he
faces up to three years in prison.

Adams, who reportedly sold Flowers USA in 2002 for nearly $10 million, is no
longer associated with the company or the other floral business that was
redacted in the complaint.

According to the complaint, Adams also made false statements on his tax returns
for the years 2002, 2009 and 2012 and owes approximately $4.7 million in back
taxes, interest and penalties.

According to Adams' LinkedIn account, his real estate partnership owns office
buildings in Centerbrook in addition to Saybrook Junction.

l.howard@theday.com

___ (c)2016 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160419-NL-Old-Saybrook-businessman-who-founded-Flowers-USA
-charged-with-tax-evasion-0419-20160419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2016 The Day

                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Former Office Manager Pleads Guilty to Wire Fraud and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: Boston


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts has issued the
following press release:

A former office manager of a medical practice in Northampton pleaded guilty
today in U.S. District Court in Springfield to wire fraud and tax evasion.

Roxanne Tubolino, 56, of Belchertown, Mass., pleaded guilty to wire fraud and
six counts of tax evasion.  In November 2014, Tubolino was charged in an
Information.  U.S. District Court Judge Mark G. Mastroianni scheduled sentencing
for April 16, 2015.

From 2008 through September 11, 2013, Tubolino was employed as an office manager
for Northampton Internal Medical Associates (NIMA), a medical practice with
offices in Northampton, Mass.  During this period, Tubolino embezzled
approximately $1,562,206 by writing numerous checks from NIMA's corporate
account to pay her personal credit card bills for accounts that she held at
American Express, Bank of America, Chase, and Barclays.  Tubolino concealed this
theft by falsely and fraudulently entering these checks into NIMA's Quickbooks
records as business expenses, such as "Clint Pharmaceuticals," "Oncology
Supplies," and "Abbot Laboratories."  Tubolino also filed tax returns for 2008
through 2013 in which she did not report any of the income that she received
from her embezzlement at NIMA.

The charge of wire fraud provides a sentence of no greater than 20 years in
prison, five years of supervised release, and a fine of $250,000.  The charge of
tax evasion provides a sentence of no greater than five years in prison, three
years of supervised release, and fine of $250,000.  Actual sentences for federal
crimes are typically less than the maximum penalties.  Sentences are imposed by
a federal district court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and
other statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz and William P. Offord, Special Agent in
Charge of the Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation in Boston, made
the announcement today.  The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney
Steven H. Breslow of Ortiz's Springfield Branch Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Alaska Plastic Surgeon Indicted on Tax Evasion Charges for
Concealing Bank Accounts in Panama and Costa Rica

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Justice Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today that a
federal grand jury in Anchorage, Alaska, returned a superseding indictment
yesterday charging Michael D. Brandner, an Anchorage physician specializing in
plastic surgery, on three counts of tax evasion. Brandner has also been charged
with seven counts of wire fraud in an indictment returned in September 2013.

According to the superseding indictment, Brandner engaged in various activities
to evade his taxes for 2008, 2009 and 2010, including making false and
misleading statement to IRS special agents and filing false tax returns for each
of the three years. In the three false returns, Brandner failed to report the
existence of financial accounts in Panama and Costa Rica over which he had
signature authority, and also failed to report foreign interest income of more
than $9,000 for 2008, more than $150,000 for 2009, and more than $150,000 for
2010. The indictment also alleges that Brandner attempted to evade more than
$600,000 in federal income taxes over the three years.

According to court documents, Brandner engaged in a scheme to hide and conceal
millions of dollars of assets from the Alaska courts and from his wife of 28
years who was divorcing him. Shortly after the divorce was filed, Brandner left
Alaska and drove to Central America after converting assets into five cashier's
checks worth over $3,000,000.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law. If
convicted, Brandner faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for each of the three tax evasion charges and a statutory maximum sentence of 20
years in prison for each of the seven wire fraud charges.

The case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation and by Homeland Security
Investigations and is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Ignacio Perez de la
Cruz of the Justice Department's Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney Bryan
Schroder for the District of Alaska.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Washington: Alaska Plastic Surgeon Indicted on Tax Evasion Charges for
Concealing Bank Accounts in Panama and Costa Rica

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Justice Department and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced today that a
federal grand jury in Anchorage, Alaska, returned a superseding indictment
yesterday charging Michael D. Brandner, an Anchorage physician specializing in
plastic surgery, on three counts of tax evasion. Brandner has also been charged
with seven counts of wire fraud in an indictment returned in September 2013.

According to the superseding indictment, Brandner engaged in various activities
to evade his taxes for 2008, 2009 and 2010, including making false and
misleading statement to IRS special agents and filing false tax returns for each
of the three years. In the three false returns, Brandner failed to report the
existence of financial accounts in Panama and Costa Rica over which he had
signature authority, and also failed to report foreign interest income of more
than $9,000 for 2008, more than $150,000 for 2009, and more than $150,000 for
2010. The indictment also alleges that Brandner attempted to evade more than
$600,000 in federal income taxes over the three years.

According to court documents, Brandner engaged in a scheme to hide and conceal
millions of dollars of assets from the Alaska courts and from his wife of 28
years who was divorcing him. Shortly after the divorce was filed, Brandner left
Alaska and drove to Central America after converting assets into five cashier's
checks worth over $3,000,000.

An indictment is merely an allegation and the defendant is presumed innocent
unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law. If
convicted, Brandner faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in prison
for each of the three tax evasion charges and a statutory maximum sentence of 20
years in prison for each of the seven wire fraud charges.

The case was investigated by IRS-Criminal Investigation and by Homeland Security
Investigations and is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Ignacio Perez de la
Cruz of the Justice Department's Tax Division and Assistant U.S. Attorney Bryan
Schroder for the District of Alaska.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

Former Pleasanton man charged in fraud scheme

BYLINE: By Robert Jordan Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 187 words


OAKLAND   A former Pleasanton resident appeared in federal court Thursday after
being charged with tax evasion and defrauding investors out of millions and
claiming that he was an Academy Award-winning sound effects designer.

Brice Carrington, 46, faces five counts of wire fraud and four counts of tax
evasion after being charged Tuesday, according to a news release from the U.S.
District Attorney's Office.

Carrington is accused of promising to double and triple investors' money on
various sound effects design projects. Carrington represented himself as a
three-time Academy-Award-winning sound effects designer and is accused of having
a fake Oscar statuette made to help support his claim, the release said.

The documents also accuse Carrington of purchasing three vehicles with
investors' money and defrauding victims in excess of $3.3 million. In addition,
he is accused of filing false tax returns from 2002 to 2005.

Carrington faces up to 20 years and $250,000 in fines for each count of wire
fraud and up to 5 years and a fine of $250,000 on each count of tax evasion.

He is scheduled to appear in court again Sept. 4.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

TRANSPORTATION: Using TEA-21 Funds to Fight Fuel Tax Evasion Could Jack Up
States' Revenues

                          November 19, 1998, Thursday

By Ola Kinnander

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



Several states are planning to take advantage of a provision in the massive
federal transportation law enacted last summer that allows them to use funds
included in the measure to fight illegal fuel tax evasion - a move that experts
say could increase states' revenues by more than $1 billion annually.

Under the six-year, $217 billion Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century,
or TEA-21, which President Clinton signed into law in June, states may choose to
use up to 0.25% of their federal funding to combat criminals that sell or
deliver gasoline or diesel fuel without paying fuel taxes.

No one knows exactly how big the problem is, but the Federal Highway
Administration estimates that as much as $2 billion in federal and state fuel
taxes may be illegally avoided this year - all money that otherwise would have
been returned to the states.

So far, two states - Arkansas and Kansas - have pledged to use new TEA- 21 money
to fight fuel tax evasion, and more are planning to do so.

Arkansas is using $165,000 for the effort this year, partly to pay for a new
fuel tracking system. The state next year will also start requiring fuel tax
payers to file reports electronically.

While the state's official estimate is that its fuel tax revenues will increase
1% from the effort, "We hope to gain 3-5%, at a minimum, just mainly from
changing to an electronic system," said Vicky Haydon, tax audit supervisor at
the Arkansas Highway and Transportation Department.

That would translate into an annual gain of $9 million to $15 million for the
state.

Payment of fuel taxes can be avoided in several ways, including blending
non-taxable petroleum products such as kerosene into diesel, or buying gasoline
in low-fuel tax states and selling it where the state fuel tax is five, 10, or
15 cents per gallon more expensive.

In the most egregious case of fuel tax fraud to date, several people based in
New Jersey this year were convicted of allegedly avoiding about $140 million in
federal and state fuel taxes.

Some states over the last few years have already taken steps to prevent fuel tax
evasion. For instance, California in 1993 changed the point where diesel fuel
taxes are imposed, moving it from the distributor to the supplier. Edward King,
chief of the Board of Equalization's fuel tax division, said that move alone has
resulted in a 19% increase in diesel tax revenues in California - or about $60
million annually.

Missouri and Washington have passed similar laws that will take effect next
year.

Ron Marino, a director at Salomon Smith Barney Inc., said it would be prudent
for many states to use the new TEA-21 funds to battle fuel tax evasion.

"I think it's a good step for those states that rely upon their fuel taxes for
highway revenue bonds," Marino said.

Experts say it is especially important for states to improve their fuel tax
collection since a change in federal law means that, starting this year, states
will receive all the federal fuel tax revenues that are raised. In addition,
states that report more fuel consumption - which they will if they crack down on
fuel tax evasion - will receive a proportionately bigger share of the federal
transportation grant pie vis-a- vis other states.

"States that are really aggressive in their fuel tax compliance will be taking
money from other states that don't have an effective program. So that's why it's
important for all the states to do their utmost," said Steve Baluch, program
manager of the FHA's fuel tax compliance division.

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 604 words

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 The Bond Buyer, Inc.

                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             January 4, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Bank to close after pleading guilty to $1.2bn tax evasion

BYLINE: Foreign Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 276 words


Wegelin & Co, the oldest Swiss private bank, is to close after more than 250
years following a guilty plea yesterday to charges of helping wealthy Americans
evade taxes through secret accounts.

The plea, in a US District Court in Manhattan, marks the death knell for a bank
whose original European clients pre-date the American Revolution. It is also a
potentially major turning point in a battle by US authorities against Swiss bank
secrecy.

It remained unclear last night whether the bank has turned over or plans to
disclose the names of its American clients to the authorities, a key demand in a
broad US investigation of tax evasion through Swiss banks.

"It is unclear whether the bank was required to turn over American client names
who held secret Swiss bank accounts," Jeffrey Neiman, a former federal
prosecutor involved in other Swiss bank investigations, said. "What is clear is
that the Justice Department is aggressively pursuing foreign banks who have
helped Americans commit overseas tax evasion."

Wegelin admitted to charges of conspiracy in helping clients evade taxes on at
least $1.2 billion for nearly a decade. Wegelin agreed to pay $57 million (£35
million) to the US in restitution and fines.

Otto Bruderer, a managing partner at the bank, said in court that Wegelin was
aware that its conduct was wrong. He added that from about 2002 to 2010, Wegelin
agreed with certain US taxpayers to evade tax obligations of clients who filed
false tax returns with the IRS.

The fate of three Wegelin bankers, charged in January 2012, remains unclear.
Dozens of Swiss bankers and their clients have been charged in recent years over
alleged US tax evasion.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 20, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

STATE TAX DEPT. DENIES IT IS LAX IN ENFORCEMENT

BYLINE: By EDWARD A. GARGAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 466 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 19


The State Taxation and Finance Department today vigorously disputed charges that
it has not been enforcing tax laws.

''We've increased investigations,'' said Howard B. Glaser, a spokesman for the
department, ''and we've increased referrals for prosecution to the Attorney
General's office.''

On Monday, the chairman of the Assembly Ways and Means Committee, Arthur J.
Kremer, charged that ''there is zero tax enforcement going on in tax laws.''

Mr. Kremer's comments came after a hearing on the Cuomo administration's major
tax-enforcement bill - the so-called Omnibus Tax Equity and Enforcement Act,
which is intended to make it easier to prosecute tax-evasion cases and which
would sharply increase criminal penalties for tax cheating.

Investigations Bureau Abolished

In 1983, soon after Mr. Cuomo took office as Governor and Roderick G. W. Chu was
named Commissioner of Taxation and Finance, the department's Special
Investigations Bureau was abolished. The bureau had been responsible for
investigating cases of tax fraud and evasion.

Not until last summer was a new bureau established, according to Mr. Glaser.
Called the Division of Tax Enforcement, it has the same functions as the old
investigations bureau.

But Mr. Glaser said that even though no formal investigations bureau existed,
the Taxation and Finance Department in two years had increased the number of
cases it referred to the Attorney General's office for prosecution.

''The cases that have been referred to the Attorney General have more than
doubled in 1984,'' Mr. Glaser said. ''We referred 21 in 1983 and 48 in 1984.''

Bureau Seen as Inadequate

Mr. Glaser explained that the Special Investigations Bureau had been abolished
because it did not fit into Commissioner Chu's notions of how the department
should work.

''After a review,'' Mr. Glaser said, ''we reviewed the Special Investigations
Bureau, and the determination was made that it was not an adequate kind of unit
for a modern tax agency for law enforcement purposes. Basically it was a unit
that did not have a sophisticated approach to the tax problems we had.''

Questions about the extent of enforcement of tax laws sprang up Monday when Mr.
Kremer, a Democrat from Long Beach, L.I., announced that the Cuomo
administration's enforcement bill needed to be ''drastically revised.'' The
administration has characterized the bill as a linchpin in its effort to
accelerate the prosecution of tax evasion, which Mr. Chu said amounts to as much
as $1 billion a year.

When asked about its enforcement efforts on Monday, Karl E. Felsen, a spokesman
for the tax department, said that reporters should look at an announcement today
on the Cartier tax- evasion case as proof of the department's aggressiveness in
tax cases.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 31, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Leona Helmsley Found Guilty Of Tax Evasion, Mail Fraud;
N.Y. Hotelier Acquitted of Extortion Charges

BYLINE: Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1120 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Aug. 30, 1989


Leona Helmsley, the billionaire hotel queen whose abrasive pursuit of luxury
turned her into a symbol of avarice, was convicted today of tax evasion, mail
fraud and conspiracy to defraud the government.

While acquitting Helmsley, 69, of extorting merchandise and cash payoffs from
hotel suppliers, a U.S. District Court jury convicted her on 33 of 41 felony
counts on its fifth day of deliberations.

Helmsley was found guilty of fraudulently billing her businesses for millions of
dollars worth of personal luxuries, from $ 468 in Saks Fifth Avenue underwear to
a $ 500,000 jade figurine to a $ 1 million limestone-and-marble swimming pool
enclosure at her Greenwich, Conn., estate. She was also found to have cheated
the Internal Revenue Service out of more than $ 1 million in taxes.

Helmsley sat frozen while the guilty verdicts were read, occasionally shaking
her head. Her lawyer, Gerald Feffer, cradled his head in his hands while her
niece, Fran Becker, wiped away tears. Helmsley remained in the courtroom for an
hour, conferring with lawyers and relatives, then walked down the front steps of
the Manhattan courthouse, where she was mobbed by hundreds of reporters and
bystanders before slipping into a limousine without comment.

At sentencing, set for Nov. 14, Helmsley faces three to five years in prison on
each felony count -- more than 100 years in all -- and more than $ 8 million in
fines. Realistically, she is unlikely to receive more than several years in
prison. She also will have to repay with interest and penalties the taxes she
evaded.

"The government had an ironclad case," juror Michael Clark said afterward.
"Paperwise, they had the goods. ... Unlike Oliver North, they forgot to buy a
shredder. ... The jury would have had to be deaf, dumb and blind not to figure
out what was going on."

Two of Helmsley's former top aides, Frank J. Turco and Joseph V. Licari, were
convicted of assisting her in the tax evasion scheme. Turco was also acquitted
of extortion.

With her 80-year-old husband, Harry, who was ruled mentally unfit to stand trial
on the same charges, Helmsley sits atop a $ 5 billion real estate and hotel
empire, the crown jewel of which is the Helmsley Palace in New York, whose
glossy advertisements still portray Leona Helmsley as the demanding queen who
ensures that each room is immaculate. Harry Helmsley still could be tried on
state charges of tax evasion, conspiracy and falsifying business records, along
with his wife, if a state judge finds him competent to defend himself this fall.

"The verdict ... sent a powerful message that big people and little people alike
have a duty to pay their taxes. ... No one, regardless of how wealthy or how
well-insulated by underlings, under the law is free to [flout] the tax laws,"
said U.S. Attorney Benito Romano.

Feffer, who opened the trial by arguing that his client was guilty of nothing
more than "being a tough bitch," had no comment.

The two-month trial featured a long list of witnesses who said they had been
cursed and dismissed by Helmsley, some of whom were granted immunity from
prosecution. There was former housekeeper Elizabeth Baum, who said Helmsley had
told her that "only the little people pay taxes." There was ex-aide John Struck,
whom Helmsley fired in a dispute over the refinishing of eight cherry-wood doors
leading to her mansion bedroom. There was former vice president William
Piacitelli, who pleaded for his job during the Christmas season but was fired
while Helmsley was being fitted by her private dressmaker.

In perhaps the most startling testimony, Piacitelli and others said Helmsley had
extorted free merchandise and cash in envelopes from hotel suppliers as a
condition of doing business. Liquor distributor Lee West said he was forced to
give Helmsley 40 percent of his sales commissions after Turco warned him that if
he refused to pay, "we get somebody else to do the work."

Clark said the jurors disagreed about such testimony and ultimately were guided
by U.S. District Judge John Walker's definition of extortion. "There was a guy
ready to eat Leona alive on Count 47 [the extortion charge], but he had to give
in," Clark said.

Much of the case focused on Helmsley's $ 11 million Connecticut mansion,
Dunnellen Hall, which prosecutor James DeVita described as her "Taj Mahal."
Prosecutors presented evidence of an elaborate paperwork system, sometimes using
the initials "D.H.," that Helmsley used to charge work on the mansion to her
hotels and office buildings.

Mansion expenses that were improperly billed included a $ 13,000 custom-made
barbecue pit, a $ 57,000 stereo system modeled after one at Disney World, 10,000
evergreen plants and a $ 45,000 clock in the shape of the Helmsley Building,
according to the prosecution. One witness said $ 10,000 worth of dresses for
Helmsley were falsely billed as hotel "uniforms."

Feffer tried to portray the case as nothing but a complicated tax dispute. He
brought in consultants who argued that the Helmsleys, rather than evading $ 1.2
million in federal taxes, were owed a $ 681,000 refund for the three-year period
covered by the indictment.

Much of the government's case seemed designed to highlight the fact that "just
because you're rich doesn't mean you're not cheap," as prosecutor Cathy Seibel
put it in her closing argument. Accusing Helmsley of "greed, selfishness and
sheer arrogance," Seibel said: "Cheating the government out of a million by
putting herself above all those little people is certainly something she would
have done."

One witness said Helmsley began "ranting and raving" when presented with the $
13,000 barbecue bill. Another witness said Helmsley shouted at her husband after
receiving the pool-enclosure bill: "Can't you see they are trying to steal
things from us? They are trying to rob us. We don't owe anything."

"It is clear from the evidence," Feffer said in his summation, "that Mrs.
Helmsley believes she was being ripped off, that she was absolutely paranoid
that she was being overcharged. ... There's no question that Mrs. Helmsley was a
very tough person to deal with."

Although she has been labeled a "disgrace to humanity" by developer Donald
Trump, and "the Wicked Witch of the West" by Mayor Edward Koch, Helmsley was
once the toast of Park Avenue society. She gave "60 Minutes" a televised tour of
Dunnellen Hall and invited hundreds of guests to her annual
"I'm-Just-Wild-About-Harry" parties. A former Manhattan co-op broker who went to
work for a Harry Helmsley company in the late 1960s, Leona Helmsley married the
boss and moved into the penthouse duplex of the Park Lane Hotel.


Special correspondent Laurie Goodstein contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, LEONA HELMSLEY LEAVES U.S. DISTRICT COURT YESTERDAY AFTER BEING
CONVICTED ON 33 FELONY COUNTS. REUTER

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post

                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            January 5, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Iconic Swiss bank to close its doors after pleading guilty to US tax evasion
charges

BYLINE: Nate Raymond ;Lynnley Browning

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 362 words


WEGELIN & Co, the oldest Swiss private bank, said yesterday it would shut its
doors permanently after more than 250 years, following its guilty plea to
charges of helping wealthy Americans evade taxes through secret accounts.

The plea, in US District Court in Manhattan, marks the death knell for one of
Switzerland''s most storied banks, whose original European clients pre-date the
American Revolution. It is also potentially a turning point in a battle by US
authorities against Swiss bank secrecy.

A major question was left hanging by the plea: has the bank turned over, or does
it plan to disclose names of American clients to US authorities? That is a key
demand in a broad US investigation of tax evasion through Swiss banks.

"It is unclear whether the bank was required to turn over American client names
who held secret Swiss bank accounts," said Jeffrey Neiman, a former federal
prosecutor involved in other Swiss bank investigations.

"What is clear is that the justice department is aggressively pursuing foreign
banks who have helped Americans commit tax evasion," he said.

Charles Miller, a justice department spokesman, declined to comment immediately.

Wegelin admitted to charges of conspiracy in helping Americans evade taxes on at
least $1.2bn ((EURO)919m) for nearly a decade. Wegelin agreed to pay $57.8m to
the US in restitution.

Otto Bruderer, a managing partner at the bank, said in court that "Wegelin was
aware that this conduct was wrong".

He said that "from about 2002 through about 2010, Wegelin agreed with certain US
taxpayers to evade the US tax obligations of these US taxpayer clients, who
filed false tax returns with the IRS".

Indicted When Wegelin last February became the first foreign bank in recent
memory to be indicted by US authorities, it vowed to resist the charges. The
bank, founded in 1741, was declared a fugitive when its executives failed to
appear in a US court.

The surprise plea effectively ended the US case against Wegelin, one of the most
aggressive bank crackdowns in US history.

Although Wegelin had about a dozen branches, all in Switzerland, at the time of
its indictment, it moved quickly to wind down its business. (Reuters)

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Wegelin& Co has been around for 250 years and was the first foreign
bank in recent memory to be indicted by US authorities

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Eight arrested in crackdown on counterfeit goods

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Eight men have been arrested in a multi-agency raid on premises in one of
Britain's counterfeit goods hotspots.

The Strangeways area in Manchester was among those targeted on Wednesday in an
operation led by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC).

HMRC officers seized material in relation to suspected tax evasion, including
137,600 cigarettes, 73 kilos of tobacco, counterfeit cash and four vehicles
during searches of nine retail, one domestic address and one storage container
in the Strangeways, Cheetham Hill and Bury areas.

The operation included officers from Greater Manchester Police (GMP), Manchester
and Salford city councils' trading standards teams, Immigration Enforcement, the
Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the Intellectual
Property Office (IPO).

Two men, aged 30 and 62, were arrested by HMRC on suspicion of tax evasion and
have been released on bail pending further enquiries.

Six men were arrested by Immigration Enforcement for immigration offences.

The MHRA seized 49,350 individual doses of unlicensed medicines and GMP seized
two vans and issued several dispersal notices.

Mike Parkinson, assistant director of the HMRC's Fraud Investigation Service,
said: "HMRC has significant criminal and civil powers to disrupt criminality and
tackle tax evasion on many levels. Sharing intelligence on suspected criminal
activity with other agencies and working together is key to our enforcement
work. Combined with the powers of our partners we are able to take effective
action to ensure nobody is acting above the law."

Rebekah Sutcliffe, Assistant Chief Constable of GMP, said: "This is a great
result and a fantastic example of what can be achieved through working closely
with our partners in HMRC and Trading Standards.

"These practices have a far-reaching effect on people's lives. The Strangeways
area is one of the largest counterfeit goods suppliers in the UK and the sale of
these products has a huge impact on local taxpayers and businesses, as well as
potentially funding more serious and violent crime.

"Today we send a message that we will not allow people to profit from flooding
the streets of our communities with counterfeit goods - it will not be
tolerated."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Psychiatrist sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A psychiatrist from Oregon, Ohio, was sentenced to serve 18 months in prison
for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline
D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S. Attorney Carole
S. Rendon for the Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent
in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



 According to court records, from as early as 2005, Sandra Vonderembse failed to
pay taxes and filed and caused to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service
false and fraudulent tax returns that included false statements regarding her
income and the amount of tax due and owing.  Additionally, from 2009 through
2011, Vonderembse falsely claimed to have no taxable income and to owe no taxes,
despite earning more than $240,000 each year while working as a psychiatrist.
Vonderembse used nominee entities to conceal income from the IRS, and sent fake
financial instruments to the IRS in purported payment of her taxes.  In total,
from 2005 through 2011, she attempted to evade more than $360,000 in income tax
liabilities.

 "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when others
swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and with
this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished.  The
IRS and Department of Justice remain determined and vigilant in ferreting out
such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."

 In addition to the prison term imposed, Vonderembse was ordered to serve one
year of supervised release and to pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$565,128.

 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rendon
commended special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the
investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Noah Hood and Trial Attorneys Jack
Morgan and Jeffrey McLellan of the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Psychiatrist sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A psychiatrist from Oregon, Ohio, was sentenced to serve 18 months in prison
for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline
D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S. Attorney Carole
S. Rendon for the Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent
in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.



 According to court records, from as early as 2005, Sandra Vonderembse failed to
pay taxes and filed and caused to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service
false and fraudulent tax returns that included false statements regarding her
income and the amount of tax due and owing.  Additionally, from 2009 through
2011, Vonderembse falsely claimed to have no taxable income and to owe no taxes,
despite earning more than $240,000 each year while working as a psychiatrist.
Vonderembse used nominee entities to conceal income from the IRS, and sent fake
financial instruments to the IRS in purported payment of her taxes.  In total,
from 2005 through 2011, she attempted to evade more than $360,000 in income tax
liabilities.

 "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when others
swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and with
this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished.  The
IRS and Department of Justice remain determined and vigilant in ferreting out
such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."

 In addition to the prison term imposed, Vonderembse was ordered to serve one
year of supervised release and to pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$565,128.

 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rendon
commended special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the
investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Noah Hood and Trial Attorneys Jack
Morgan and Jeffrey McLellan of the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Embezzler Sentenced to 3 Years for Fraud & Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of
Wisconsin has issued the following news release:



  John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Lisa Buchholz, 48, Luck, Wis., was sentenced yesterday
by Chief U.S. District Judge William Conley to 36 months in federal prison for
wire fraud and income tax evasion.  Buchholz pleaded guilty to these charges on
July 28, 2016.  Judge Conley also imposed a three-year term of supervised
release, and ordered Buchholz to pay restitution of $193,909.96 to the victim of
her fraud scheme.





 In February 2016, a federal grand jury sitting in Madison, Wis., returned a
13-count indictment against Buchholz.  The indictment alleged that while
employed as a bookkeeper for Four Seasons Wood Products (FSWP) in Frederic,
Wis., from May 2008 until June 2012, she devised a scheme to defraud the
company.  The indictment further alleged that Buchholz failed to file income tax
returns for 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and that she committed income tax evasion
in 2011 by making false statements to an IRS criminal investigator during an
interview in 2013.



 At yesterday's sentencing hearing, Judge Conley found that Buchholz caused a
fraud loss of $172,176.94 to FSWP, and a tax loss of $111,553 to the IRS.  FSWP
also incurred more than $21,000 in investigative costs due to Buchholz's
misconduct.   Michael Broten, the owner of FSWP, testified at the sentencing
hearing, and told Judge Conley that Buchholz's conduct nearly destroyed his
family business.  He told the judge she betrayed Broten's trust and her
embezzlement caused Broten to lay off employees because the company had no money
due to Buchholz's criminal conduct.



 Judge Conley rejected Buchholz's claim that she engaged in the criminal conduct
because she was a victim of abuse, finding that her last-minute allegations were
not supported by any other witnesses, and in fact, were contradicted by other
facts in the case.  Judge Conley told Buchholz he found that she had engaged in
an outrageous fraud over a long period of time. He also found that she executed
the fraud in a very calculated and sophisticated manner.  Judge Conley also
noted that Buchholz has been fired by her last three employers for engaging in
fraud.



 The charges against Buchholz were the result of an investigation conducted by
IRS Criminal Investigation and the Polk County Sheriff's Office.  The
prosecution of the case has been handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel
Graber.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Embezzler Sentenced to 3 Years for Fraud & Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of
Wisconsin has issued the following news release:



  John W. Vaudreuil, United States Attorney for the Western District of
Wisconsin, announced that Lisa Buchholz, 48, Luck, Wis., was sentenced yesterday
by Chief U.S. District Judge William Conley to 36 months in federal prison for
wire fraud and income tax evasion.  Buchholz pleaded guilty to these charges on
July 28, 2016.  Judge Conley also imposed a three-year term of supervised
release, and ordered Buchholz to pay restitution of $193,909.96 to the victim of
her fraud scheme.





 In February 2016, a federal grand jury sitting in Madison, Wis., returned a
13-count indictment against Buchholz.  The indictment alleged that while
employed as a bookkeeper for Four Seasons Wood Products (FSWP) in Frederic,
Wis., from May 2008 until June 2012, she devised a scheme to defraud the
company.  The indictment further alleged that Buchholz failed to file income tax
returns for 2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and that she committed income tax evasion
in 2011 by making false statements to an IRS criminal investigator during an
interview in 2013.



 At yesterday's sentencing hearing, Judge Conley found that Buchholz caused a
fraud loss of $172,176.94 to FSWP, and a tax loss of $111,553 to the IRS.  FSWP
also incurred more than $21,000 in investigative costs due to Buchholz's
misconduct.   Michael Broten, the owner of FSWP, testified at the sentencing
hearing, and told Judge Conley that Buchholz's conduct nearly destroyed his
family business.  He told the judge she betrayed Broten's trust and her
embezzlement caused Broten to lay off employees because the company had no money
due to Buchholz's criminal conduct.



 Judge Conley rejected Buchholz's claim that she engaged in the criminal conduct
because she was a victim of abuse, finding that her last-minute allegations were
not supported by any other witnesses, and in fact, were contradicted by other
facts in the case.  Judge Conley told Buchholz he found that she had engaged in
an outrageous fraud over a long period of time. He also found that she executed
the fraud in a very calculated and sophisticated manner.  Judge Conley also
noted that Buchholz has been fired by her last three employers for engaging in
fraud.



 The charges against Buchholz were the result of an investigation conducted by
IRS Criminal Investigation and the Polk County Sheriff's Office.  The
prosecution of the case has been handled by Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel
Graber.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 10, 2015 Friday

Ohio Insurance Salesman Indicted for Tax Evasion Spanning More than 10 Years

LENGTH: 539  words


A Parma, Ohio, resident was indicted by a grand jury sitting in Cleveland in the
Northern District of Ohio for one count of tax evasion of payment for conduct
spanning from 2001 through 2015, and five counts of failure to file federal
income tax returns for tax years 2008 through 2012, announced Acting Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo of the Department of Justice's Tax
Division.


According to the allegations in the indictment, John Christopher Raschella
worked as an insurance salesman, and also had a degree in accounting and had
previously worked as a tax return preparer.  From 1989 through 2012, Raschella
earned substantial income and failed to file timely federal income tax returns
with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to report his insurance commissions as
an independent contractor and other income that he earned in those years.  Even
after Raschella received notices from the IRS indicating that he owed taxes, he
failed to pay the amounts due.  From 1989 through 1991, 1993 through 1999, and
2001 through 2010, Raschella also delinquently filed tax returns on which he
reported that he owed income taxes.  However, even in the 1992, 2000, 2011 and
2012 tax years, Raschella failed to pay all of the taxes due and owing, and the
delinquent tax returns for some of those years contained false statements about
Raschella's home address, marital status, gross receipts and business expenses.

The indictment further alleges that beginning in or around 2001, the IRS
attempted to collect Raschella's unpaid taxes by levying his bank accounts and
insurance commissions.  In response to these actions, Raschella took steps to
obstruct the IRS' collection efforts.  He attempted to assign his insurance
commissions to third parties, including nominee corporations that he established
in Nevada and Utah.  He also directed that his insurance commissions be
deposited into the bank account of his girlfriend, and leased and purchased
three luxury vehicles that he registered in nominee names.  In or around 2010,
Raschella caused an individual in the state of Texas to submit a fraudulent IRS
Form for Release of Levy/Release of Property from Levy, to the company for which
Raschella sold insurance in an effort to reduce the amount of money that the
insurance company paid over to the IRS pursuant to a levy.
If convicted, Raschella faces a statutory maximum sentence of five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine for the tax evasion count, and a statutory maximum
sentence of one year in prison and a $100,000 fine for each count of failure to
file tax returns.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo commended special agents of
IRS-Criminal Investigation, who investigated this case, and Trial Attorneys
Melissa S. Siskind and Jeffrey A. McLellan of the Tax Division, who are
prosecuting this case.  Ciraolo also thanked the U.S. Attorney's Office of the
Northern District of Ohio for providing substantial assistance.
An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed.  The defendant is
presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the division's website. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                       June 28, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Witness in Hoffa trial: Asked to bribe, spy. Worked as tax-evasion lawyer

SOURCE: New York Times

BYLINE: JAMES BARRON

SECTION: News; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: DURHAN, N.C.

John C. Cheasty, who became the government's star witness after James R. Hoffa
of the Teamsters union recruited him to spy on a Senate committee investigating
labour racketeering in the 1950s, died June 14 in Bahama, N.C. He was 96.

The cause was congestive heart failure, Cheasty's family said. He died at the
home of a daughter with whom he had lived for several years, Rev. Patrice
Cheasty-Miller, the pastor of St. Paul United Methodist Church in Durham.

A New York lawyer and investigator, Cheasty figured in an episode that began
with Hoffa's offer of big-money bribes. Cheasty took the first payment straight
to Robert F. Kennedy, the chief counsel to the committee Hoffa wanted Cheasty to
infiltrate. Hoffa was arrested after what he believed was a clandestine meeting
with Cheasty in a Washington hotel.

But a federal jury acquitted Hoffa of bribery and conspiracy charges, fanning a
long-running feud between Hoffa and Kennedy.

Cheasty began his career as a Treasury agent in the 1930s. After graduating from
Manhattan College and Fordham Law School, he worked with the Treasury team that
built a tax-evasion case against Enoch L. (Nucky) Johnson, the Republican boss
of Atlantic County, N.J.

As a Navy commander in the Second World War, he was put in charge of the
military base at Luzon, in the Philippines. He was a Navy lawyer in 500
courts-martial after the war before he contracted an illness that was diagnosed
as a heart problem and he retired on disability.

Back home in Brooklyn, N.Y., after realizing he was not dying, he opened a law
practice. He handled tax-evasion cases for Joe Bosano, a nephew of Albert
Anastasia, the New York Mafia leader, among others.

He also made friends with a lawyer named Hyman I. Fischbach, who said a client
wanted to infiltrate the Senate committee and find out what it was looking into.

"I asked him, 'Who is your client?"' Cheasty later testified. "He opened an
address book and said 'Jimmy' or 'James Hoffa,' and two phone numbers. I
whistled and said, 'Wow, Mr. Big himself."'

Cheasty worked on John F. Kennedy's presidential campaign in 1960 and later
moved his law practice to Washington for a few years before returning to New
York. After he retired at 87 in 1994, he told his family that in the '60s and
'70s he had been a contract employee of the Central Intelligence Agency.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 14, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

COMPUTERS CATCH NEW YORK CITY TAX EVADERS

BYLINE: By MICHAEL GOODWIN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 857 words


New York City officials, alarmed for years by the widespread evasion of city
business and income taxes, are collecting millions of dollars through a
computerized program aimed at thousands of residents and businesses that have
avoided payment.

More than 55,000 individuals and companies have paid more than $43 million in
delinquent taxes and penalties since the program was established two and a half
years ago, according to Philip R. Michael, the city's Finance Commissioner.

The largest number of taxpayers and the largest dollar amounts collected
involved payments of the commercial rent tax, which is a levy of up to 6 percent
on the office rents that companies pay.

''It started out on speculation,'' Mr. Michael said of the program. ''We
suspected there were a lot of people not paying, and we thought this could be a
profitable program. But this has exceeded our expectations.''

He said his department planned to expand the program - called TACS, for Taxpayer
Automated Compliance System - to the tax records of doctors, lawyers,
accountants, contractors and consultants.

Preliminary comparisons of payments made by city agencies to accountants and
consultants, he said, found that many of the professionals reported less total
income than they earned alone from the city agencies.

''We have run the names of accountants who have received contracts from the
Human Resources Administration for doing audits,'' Mr. Michael said. ''Some may
get $20,000 or $30,000 for the job. We, in turn, have looked at their business
income tax return and we don't even see income of that amount reported.''

Similar checks will be directed at doctors suspected of not reporting as much as
several hundred thousand dollars of income received from Medicaid, Mr. Michael
said. Others he believes are avoiding taxes are contractors doing busines with
the city and lawyers who receive large fees from negligence cases against the
city.



Tax Evasion a Longstanding Problem

The problem of tax evasion has been a traditional thorn in the side of municipal
government, with Mr. Michael's agency estimating two years ago that as much as
$600 million was going uncollected each year. While that amount is only about 5
percent of the $10 billion that is collected by the city from all taxes,
officials have long sought ways of adding at least some of it to the city
treasury.

Although aides to Mayor Koch are calling the results impressive, they concede
that the effect is marginal in a budget of nearly $17 billion. Indeed, most of
the results were anticipated in the budget under the heading of management and
productivity improvements.

''We don't mean to say that the program is a budget savior,'' said Deputy Mayor
Nathan Leventhal. ''Nevertheless, the results are real and they mean that we
will be getting more taxes on an annual basis.'' He added that the program was
''long overdue.''

Mr. Michael estimated that the city would be collecting up to $20 million each
year from the 55,000 taxpayers the program has put back on the rolls.

He said the cost to the city was minimal - as low as 5 cents for each dollar
collected - because the program was fully computerized and did not rely on
time-consuming and expensive field audits. The cost to the city, apart from the
computers, he said, was limited to salaries for the 70 people hired for the
program, and mailing costs. About 640,000 people and companies have received
questionnaires asking for tax information.

The program is based on the notion that individuals and companies are paying one
or more city taxes but not others. For example, computers match lists of
companies paying sales taxes with lists of companies paying commercial rent
taxes. A company that shows up on one list but not the other is then sent a
questionnaire. Companies not paying any taxes have a better chance of getting
away with it, he conceded.

A Check for $500,000

In many cases, Mr. Michael said, replies to the questionnaires have included
checks for the delinquent taxes, with one company sending a check for $500,000.
Mr. Michael said tax laws prohibited him from identifying any individuals or
companies involved.

According to the Finance Department, computer matches have produced these
results:


- The lists of filers of corporation and unincorporated business taxes were
matched against the commercial rent tax list to determine which companies had
not paid the rent tax. The result has been 13,000 taxpayers paying $18.4
million.


- A reversal of that match turned up 1,800 businesses that had paid the rent tax
but not the business taxes. They have since paid $5.1 million.


- Companies that had paid the rent tax in the past but not in subsequent years
were sent questionnaires. The result has been the payment of $4.7 million by
9,000 taxpayers.


- Questionnaires were also sent to 330,000 taxpayers who filed business tax
returns in 1976 but not in subsequent years. Payment of $11.2 million by 30,000
taxpayers has resulted.

Based on the results, Mr. Michael estimates that about one person or company out
of every 10 queried will owe the city money.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Philip R. Michael

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Ex-employees say lawyer printed out firm's payroll;
Responsibility for payment is an issue in Uhl tax case

BYLINE: Aaron Nicodemus, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 600 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Two former employees of Worcester lawyer Christopher M. Uhl testified in U.S.
District Court yesterday that they saw him print out the payroll for his law
firm, undercutting his defense in his tax evasion trial that his college-age son
was in charge of payroll.

Former employees Madelyn Bedard of Ashburnham and Christina P. Florence of
Palmer each testified that they witnessed Mr. Uhl entering data into the
computer and printing out the weekly payroll checks. They testified they never
saw Steven Uhl, Mr. Uhl's son, have anything to do with payroll. On
cross-examination by defense lawyers Christopher LoConto and John M. Goggins,
both witnesses testified that they thought Steven Uhl might have helped install
the computer software used to print out the payroll checks.

Mr. Uhl is charged with five counts of tax evasion. If convicted, he faces up to
5 years in prison on each count, and up to 3 years' probation. In his opening
statement, Mr. LoConto said that Mr. Uhl has admitted he did not pay more than
$230,000 worth of payroll and other taxes to the federal government over six
years, and that he owes the money. During that time, Mr. Uhl withheld money from
his employees' paychecks but did not turn it over to the Internal Revenue
Service.

Mr. LoConto argued that his client thought his son was paying the taxes and
filing the correct paperwork. He argued that Mr. Uhl made a mistake, but did not
commit a crime, when he did not pay taxes on his employees' pay from 2000 to
2005. He paid his taxes in 1998 and resumed paying his taxes in 2006, Mr.
LoConto said.

According to U.S. Attorney David Hennessy, Mr. Uhl paid his taxes for the first
quarter of 1999 but not the rest of the year; however, he is not charged with
tax evasion for that year.

Mr. Uhl was charged with tax evasion in September 2008, and a federal grand jury
delivered a superseding indictment in January.

In previous testimony, IRS agent Joy Chambers said that the IRS had launched an
investigation against Steven Uhl for allegedly making false statements to
investigators and aiding tax fraud. Steven Uhl has not been charged in
connection with his father's case.

Ms. Chambers said Steven Uhl told her that while he was a student at
Northeastern University, and while holding down other jobs, he rode the commuter
train from Boston to Worcester every Thursday to print out the payroll for his
father's law office. He told investigators he took the 5:40 p.m. train, and then
returned to Boston later that night. He said he did this every Thursday for six
years.

Prosecutors found an MBTA train schedule from that time period that showed no
trains to Worcester left Boston after 3 p.m. until the next day. They also
showed that the checks were printed on every day of the week, not just
Thursdays.

During Ms. Chambers' testimony, Mr. LoConto and Mr. Goggins asked why she chose
to interview Steven Uhl in a Boston bar, located close to the IRS' Boston
office. Steven Uhl was apparently allowed to drink alcohol during the interview.
Ms. Chambers said she would have preferred to interview him in her office, "but
given the choice between interviewing a witness in a bar, and not interviewing
him at all, I'll conduct the interview in a bar."

Mr. Uhl's trial on tax evasion charges is expected to wrap up today, with two
more witnesses called by U.S. attorneys Hennessy and Karin M. Bell. The defense
does not plan to call any witnesses, Mr. LoConto told Judge F. Dennis Saylor IV.

Judge Saylor told the jury yesterday that they can expect to begin deliberations
tomorrow.

Contact Aaron Nicodemus by e-mail at anicodemus@telegram.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday

Cigarette Tax Hike: 'Gold Mine' for Smugglers

BYLINE: BENJAMIN SARLIN -, Special to the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 681 words


The proposed tax hike on cigarettes in the state budget would create a "black
market gold mine" for smugglers and force New York smokers to pay the highest
taxes in the nation, experts warn.

Facing a $5 billion budget gap, state lawmakers see doubling the state's
cigarette tax, to $3 a pack, as a way to help weather a difficult economic
period. The $3 tax would be the highest of any state in America, $0.42 higher
than New Jersey, which currently holds the record, and $2.93 higher than South
Carolina's lowest-in-the-nation $0.07 tax. Smokers in New York City, which adds
a $1.50 surcharge on cigarettes, would pay $4.50 a pack in taxes.

The tax hike, the first in six years, is expected to earn the state between $200
million and $300 million. A pack of premium cigarettes in New York City now
costs $7 or $8; prices would rise to above $9. Opponents of the tax increase
argue that higher prices would drive smokers to seek ways to evade the law and
purchase cheaper cigarettes from smugglers or in neighboring states, blunting
potential revenue gains for the state. "It's a black market gold mine," a senior
fellow at the Manhattan Institute, E.J. McMahon, said of the proposed tax. "You
have to invest resources in scores of attorneys, cops, and auditors, who are all
part of the tax enforcement you need."

"By raising cigarette taxes you help fund the mob," the president of Americans
for Tax Reform, Grover Norquist, said. "Cigarettes are easier than liquor, as
they're lighter and smaller per container. It leads to smuggling and smuggling
is done best by organized crime."

Mr. Norquist said New York's proximity to states with lower taxes would lead
smokers to cross the border to buy cigarettes, reducing tax revenue below state
projections.

New York has seen significant increases in its cigarette tax rates before. In
2002, New York City's cigarette tax increased to $1.50 from $0.08, as part of an
initiative by Mayor Bloomberg to encourage smokers to give up the habit.
Although the taxes produced an increase in city and state revenue, some smokers
took illegal measures to avoid paying the new tax, costing taxpayers tens of
millions of dollars.

A 2007 report by the Independent Budget Office, a nonpartisan city agency that
analyzes the city's finances, found that 27% of city smokers and 34% of upstate
smokers sometimes bought "under-taxed" cigarettes in 2006. These smokers avoided
the tax by buying cigarettes from other states, ordering cigarettes over the
Internet, and purchasing cigarettes at Indian reservations. The city lost an
estimated $40 million in tax revenue as a result of cigarette tax evasion in
2006, according to the report.

"It encourages people not to be ripped off," the founder of Citizens Lobbying
Against Smoker Harassment, Audrey Silk, said of cigarette taxes. "Any consumer
who's so abused will look for ways to avoid it, making outlaws out of normally
law-abiding citizens."

Supporters of the cigarette tax note that despite lost revenue to smuggling and
other tax evasion methods, net tax revenue has increased in every state that has
raised prices, though not always as much as predicted. In the city's case, tax
revenue from cigarettes rose to $160 million from $30 million between 2002 and
2003, even after taking into account an agreement with the state that sent 46%
of the city's cigarette tax revenue to Albany.

"Despite any smuggling or tax evasion going on, the state or local governments
still make a big chunk of money from increasing their tax rates on cigarettes,"
the director for policy research at Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, Eric
Lindblom, said. "That's not to say there isn't any smuggling or tax evasion.
There is."

Mr. Lindblom said certain methods reduce tax evasion. Governor Spitzer, for
example, reached agreements with wholesalers, credit card companies, and postal
services during his tenure as attorney general to restrict sales to illegal
online cigarette retailers. Sales at Indian reservations pose a greater problem
in New York State, Mr. Lindblom added, but can be addressed by better
legislation and enforcement.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 July 31, 2004

Tax advisers and tax evasion

SECTION: CITY EDITION; EDITORIAL PAGE; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 276 words


Madam, - As reported in The Irish Times of July 23rd, Mr Frank Daly, Chairman of
the Revenue Commissioners, indicated in his discussions with the Dail Public
Accounts Committee that Revenue "would love" to take an aiding and abetting
charge against those who facilitated tax evasion. He also said that Revenue
would be seeking new powers to this effect in the next Finance Bill.

In light of Mr Daly's comments, we wish to state clearly that any suggestion
that there is a tax evasion industry in which tax advisers are systematically
assisting people to evade their taxes, is misguided. More than any other
professional grouping, tax advisers have fostered an environment of tax
compliance and promoted informed public opinion in regard to the civic duty of
all citizens to pay their fair share of taxes.

No other profession has its work scrutinised more closely by an arm of the State
than the tax profession. Practitioners go to great lengths to ensure their
clients are in full compliance with the law. The success of the recent Revenue
investigation campaigns has been achieved because of the support and
co-operation given by tax advisers, both to their clients and to Revenue.

With regard to the specific charge of aiding and abetting tax evasion, it should
be noted that Revenue already has very significant powers of investigation and
prosecution. Should it wish to prosecute such cases, it faces the same obstacles
that all regulatory bodies face in conducting similar actions. There can be no
justification for any special rules. - Yours, etc.,

Frank Hussey, President, Irish Taxation Institute, Sandymount Avenue, Dublin 4.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times

                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 27, 2003

Hidden worlds: a short history of tax evasion

SECTION: CITY EDITION; WEEKEND; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 509 words


Ansbacher

Clients: Only high rollers were invited into the Rolls-Royce of tax evasion.

What we know: The ultimate offshore scheme, which operated from the early 1970s
until discovered, in 1997, allowing clients to hide money offshore while
retaining the convenience of withdrawing it at home. The late Des Traynor used
it to hide Charles Haughey's money; the creme de la creme of business at the
time were also members of the Cayman tax evaders' club.

Where's the money?: The Revenue is investigating 289 cases. It has settled 51 of
these and collected 125.6 million.

National Irish Bank Clients: Those with a few bob to invest, including many
business people, professionals and farmers.

What we know: During the late 1980s and early 1990s NIB marketed an unauthorised
scheme, selling Clerical Medical International life-assurance schemes to more
than 400 investors. Many were used to evade tax. Three investors have been
prosecuted; two received suspended jail sentences. A report by two High Court
inspectors - former Supreme Court judge John Blayney and accountant Tom Grace -
is expected to be finalised by the end of the this year. The High Court has been
told that some people against whom adverse findings may be made have not
co-operated fully with the inspectors.

Where's the money?: The Revenue has investigated 452 cases, of which it has
settled 379, with 142.3 million collected and a further 14.9 million paid on
account. An additional 11.2 million has been collected in capital-gains tax
related to compensation payments made by NIB to some account holders.

Bogus non-resident accounts

Clients: Anyone and everyone with an "uncle" in Boston, an "aunt" in Birmingham
or a "brother" in Brisbane. As many as 80,000 names on some 40,000 accounts.

What we know: The way the ordinary Joe and Josephine used to hide money from the
Revenue. Go to the local bank and open an account in the name of an overseas
relative. For years banks turned a blind eye or sometimes actively encouraged
it, as highlighted by the Public Accounts Committee inquiry chaired by the late
Jim Mitchell. The banks paid 1220 million to the Revenue to settle their DIRT
liabilities.

Where's the money? The Revenue has collected 1670 million including the money
from the banks, a further 1227 million from a voluntary-disclosure scheme and
1223 million from subsequent investigations.

And there's more . . .

Slowly but surely the extent of past tax evasion is coming to light. The
Revenue's latest target is offshore trusts, used by many people to evade - or
avoid - tax. In some cases there is clear tax evasion - customers of Bank of
Ireland in Jersey recently paid 18 million after an investigation was launched -
whereas in others taxpayers will argue that the structure they have set up is
within the law. And then, of course, there is the ongoing battle against those
who simply choose not to declare all their earnings to the Revenue. This is
combated through Revenue audits, which last year yielded 1286 million from
16,000 cases.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times

                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 1, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

T.C. Williams Guidance Director Reassigned;
Transferred to Central Administrative Office, He Awaits Sentencing in Tax
Evasion Case

Steve Bates, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: VIRGINIA WEEKLY; PAGE V3

LENGTH: 386 words


James E. McClure, the T.C. Williams High School guidance director who pleaded
guilty to tax evasion in June, is being transferred temporarily to the school
system's central administrative office.

Alexandria school officials said that McClure, 55, will work on projects for
Acting Superintendent Maxine Wood until further notice. The officials indicated
that the change will be in effect at least until Sept. 16, when McClure is
scheduled to be sentenced in U.S. District Court in Alexandria.

Some School Board members and others in the community had said privately that
they hoped McClure would be barred from the high school before the start of
classes on Sept. 8. They said that for McClure to remain in the building would
send the wrong signal to young people, and that to remove him after the start of
classes would be disruptive.

Others have rallied support for McClure, saying that his efforts are needed at
the city's only high school and that his crime has nothing to do with his job or
with children.

Wood made the decision to transfer McClure to the central office, apparently
without any change in pay, effective Tuesday. Sources said the decision was made
in consultation with some School board members.

McClure said he is "going to be very positive, very upbeat" about the temporary
transfer. He said that he and Wood "talked about it, and I feel good about it."
He said on Monday that he had not yet learned exactly what he will be doing at
the central office, which is on Beauregard Street in the city's West End.

McClure said he hopes that he is given probation instead of a jail sentence and
that he will be allowed to return to the high school and resume his duties as
guidance director.

In April, the Springfield resident was indicted on four counts of tax evasion.
The Internal Revenue Service said he failed to report more than $ 125,000 in
income over four years, and that while undergoing an audit, he attempted to
support the deductions with false documents.

McClure pleaded guilty in June to one felony count of tax evasion, and he faces
a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine. Judge Albert V.
Bryan Jr. is expected to determine McClure's sentence Sept. 16, and local and
state education officials will consider any personnel actions against him.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post

                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

New York Restaurant Entrepreneur Pleads Guilty to Ten-Year Investment Fraud
Scheme and Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 877  words


Defendant Deceived Investors, Diverted Funds and Dodged Tax Obligations

A Watertown, New York, food and restaurant entrepreneur and franchisor pleaded
guilty today to one count of wire fraud and one count of tax evasion announced
Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo, head of the
Justice Departments Tax Division, and U.S. Attorney Richard Hartunian for the
Northern District of New York.

According to the criminal information and plea agreement filed with the U.S.
District Court in Utica, New York, between 2005 and 2015, Christopher Swartz,
46, engaged in a promissory note scheme to defraud lenders and investors, as
well as a scheme to evade taxes and obstruct the Internal Revenue Service (IRS).

Mr. Swartz used his business enterprises to steal from lenders, investors, and
the United States, hiding behind an elaborate web of entities and financial
transactions, said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo.  This
case serves as clear notice that no one is above the law, and those individuals
who seek to evade their tax obligations will face prosecution and incarceration,
regardless of the complexity of their schemes or economic status.

The defendants wide-ranging, persistent, and lengthy fraud and tax evasion
schemes cost investors and the IRS millions of dollars, said U.S. Attorney
Hartunian.  My office is pleased to be part of the efforts by the Tax Division
and IRS-Criminal Investigation to hold him accountable for his brazen conduct.

As highly trained and experienced financial investigators, IRS special agents
are particularly adept at tracing the flow of funds and uncovering hidden
assets, said Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen of IRS Criminal
Investigation, New York Field Office.  Mr. Swartzs conviction serves as warning
to anyone who schemes to divert money from a business in order to conceal income
and evade taxes.

Swartz, using his multiple interests in various food and restaurant businesses,
raised money by fraudulently inducing lenders with the promise of repayment at
high interest rates and ownership interests in his companies.  Swartz
misappropriated and diverted funds received and when lenders and investors
sought the return of their funds, Swartz attempted to lull them with false and
fraudulent excuses, assurances, and partial payments, including payments by
checks that he knew would bounce.  Swartz also concealed his assets and income
to avoid seizure and collection by lenders, investors, and judgment creditors,
thereby attempting to prevent recovery of their funds.

As one part of the scheme, in 2009, Swartz used a promissory note and the offer
of an equity interest in the Jreck Subs franchise to induce an investor group
from New York City to provide $1.5 million in funds, including funds for the
construction of new stores and the growth of the chain.  Swartz misappropriated
and diverted a substantial portion of the funds.  Swartz then solicited
additional loans from this same group, fraudulently inducing them with a series
of additional promissory notes, which he failed to honor while misappropriating
funds.  Swartz purported to secure some of the notes with fictitious and forged
rebate agreements.

Swartz admitted that between 2005 and 2015, he also engaged in a 10-year tax
evasion scheme, filing false tax returns that understated his personal income.
Swartz diverted money from business accounts and disguised these diversions in
the company records as, among other things, loans and business expenses.  He
made extensive use of cash to diminish the traceability of funds and concealed
his ownership of various assets using multiple entities and nominees.  Swartz
also falsified partnership tax returns and attempted to impede the IRSs ability
to collect employment taxes.

U.S. District Judge David N. Hurd scheduled sentencing for Jan. 19, 2017.
Swartz faces a statutory maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for his
conviction on the wire fraud count, and five years in prison on the tax evasion
count, as well as a period of supervised release and monetary penalties.  As a
condition of the plea agreement, Swartz agreed to an order of restitution
payable to any individuals and entities determined to be, at the time of
sentencing, victims of his schemes.

The district court entered a preliminary order of forfeiture of assets,
including forfeiture of Swartzs interests in the Jreck Subs franchisor corporate
business, which receives royalty payments from store owners based on a
percentage of store sales.  Under current law, if a final forfeiture order is
entered, criminally forfeited assets may be used as a source of funds to pay
restitution to victims.  According to court documents, the number of victims may
be in excess of 130.

Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Hartunian
thanked special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation and the FBI, and an IRS
revenue agent, who conducted the investigation, as well as Assistant Chiefs John
N. Kane, Jr. and Andrew Kameros, and Trial Attorney Abigail Burger Chingos of
the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.

Additional information about the Tax Division and its enforcement efforts may be
found on the divisions website. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Former Bellevue Developer Indicted For Tax Evasion And Social
Security Fraud

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Olympia


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Washington has
issued the following press release:

A former Bellevue based developer and lender who spent millions on gambling,
thoroughbred horse racing, private aircraft, country club fees and a Bellevue
penthouse, has been indicted for tax evasion and social security number fraud.
THOMAS R. HAZELRIGG, III, 67, of Rancho Mirage, California, will appear in U.S.
District Court in Seattle today at 1:30 following his indictment for two counts
of evading and defeating payment of tax, and two counts of Social Security
number misuse.

The detailed indictment, returned by the grand jury last week, describes how
HAZELRIGG first agreed to pay $533,454 in taxes owed for tax years 1989, 1990
and 1991 and then failed to pay the tax debt while living a lavish lifestyle
that included private jets, multi-million dollar remodels, expensive artwork and
high roller casino junkets.  The Indictment also alleges that HAZELRIGG evaded
payment of his taxes owed for 1994, for which he had filed a return showing tax
owed, but for which he made no payments.  The indictment alleges that between
1997 and 2007, HAZELRIGG illegally funneled income from his businesses into
accounts that he controlled but that which he kept secret from the IRS and other
creditors. HAZELRIGG used these accounts to pay for the multimillion dollar
purchase and remodel of a Bellevue penthouse, two Chihuly glass chandeliers
worth more than $460,000, more than one million dollars in chips at various
casinos, country club memberships for himself and associates, the leasing of
private jets, the use of a butler, and more than $160,000 on race horses.

The two counts of Social Security number misuse relate to HAZLERIGG opening bank
accounts in 2009, using the Social Security number of his deceased father.
HAZELRIGG allegedly used the number to hide the resources from the IRS.

The tax evasion counts are punishable by up to five years in prison.  The misuse
of Social Security number counts are also punishable by up to five years in
prison.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations.  A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI).

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Susan Loitz
and Robert Westinghouse.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/waw

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Former Bellevue Developer Indicted For Tax Evasion And Social
Security Fraud

LENGTH: 428  words

DATELINE: Olympia


United States Attorney's Office for the Western District of Washington has
issued the following press release:

A former Bellevue based developer and lender who spent millions on gambling,
thoroughbred horse racing, private aircraft, country club fees and a Bellevue
penthouse, has been indicted for tax evasion and social security number fraud.
THOMAS R. HAZELRIGG, III, 67, of Rancho Mirage, California, will appear in U.S.
District Court in Seattle today at 1:30 following his indictment for two counts
of evading and defeating payment of tax, and two counts of Social Security
number misuse.

The detailed indictment, returned by the grand jury last week, describes how
HAZELRIGG first agreed to pay $533,454 in taxes owed for tax years 1989, 1990
and 1991 and then failed to pay the tax debt while living a lavish lifestyle
that included private jets, multi-million dollar remodels, expensive artwork and
high roller casino junkets.  The Indictment also alleges that HAZELRIGG evaded
payment of his taxes owed for 1994, for which he had filed a return showing tax
owed, but for which he made no payments.  The indictment alleges that between
1997 and 2007, HAZELRIGG illegally funneled income from his businesses into
accounts that he controlled but that which he kept secret from the IRS and other
creditors. HAZELRIGG used these accounts to pay for the multimillion dollar
purchase and remodel of a Bellevue penthouse, two Chihuly glass chandeliers
worth more than $460,000, more than one million dollars in chips at various
casinos, country club memberships for himself and associates, the leasing of
private jets, the use of a butler, and more than $160,000 on race horses.

The two counts of Social Security number misuse relate to HAZLERIGG opening bank
accounts in 2009, using the Social Security number of his deceased father.
HAZELRIGG allegedly used the number to hide the resources from the IRS.

The tax evasion counts are punishable by up to five years in prison.  The misuse
of Social Security number counts are also punishable by up to five years in
prison.

The charges contained in the indictment are only allegations.  A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.

The case was investigated by the Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI).

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Susan Loitz
and Robert Westinghouse.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/waw

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             The Hollywood Reporter

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday

news digest

BYLINE: null

LENGTH: 485  words


Allen makes the cut for editors' award

Dede Allen will receive the Motion Picture Editors Guild's Fellowship and
Service Award, created to acknowledge a member who exhibits exemplary skill in
the craft of editing and a set of values that include professionalism,
collaboration, mentorship, generosity of spirit and commitment to the labor
movement. Allen's credits include "Bonnie and Clyde" and "Serpico." The award
will be presented Jan. 5 at the guild's annual board of directors installation
dinner at the Loews in Santa Monica.

VIP duo guilty of tax evasion

COLOGNE, Germany -- Andreas Schmid, former head of German film fund VIP, was
found guilty of multiple counts of tax evasion and sentenced to six years in
prison Tuesday. His business partner, Andreas Grosch, also was found guilty and
handed a two-year suspended sentence. Schmid was released on [euro]4 million
($5.8 million) bail pending his appeal. He already has served more than two
years in jail after he was arrested in late 2005.

Cartoon shows land plush deal

NEW YORK -- Cartoon Network Enterprises, the network's global branding and
merchandising arm, has announced its first foray into the amusement park
distribution channel via a multibrand deal with KellyToy USA to create plush
sporting goods and novelty items based on such Cartoon Network shows as "Ben 10"
and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends."

'Smart' tops TV-DVD nods

A complete-series boxed set of "Get Smart" won the top honor Monday at the
fourth annual TV-DVD Awards, while shows featuring Jim Henson's Muppet
characters won three awards. The TV-DVD Awards were presented by Home Media
Magazine in cooperation with The Hollywood Reporter, TVShowsOnDVD.com and DEG:
The Digital Entertainment Group. "Get Smart: The Complete Series," a
collaboration between Time Life and HBO Video, earned the best-of-show prize.
"Smart" was edged out for best complete-series set by 20th Century Fox Home
Entertainment's "M*A*S*H: The Martinis & Medicine Collection."

Stanley heads showbiz at L.A. law firm

Former reality show producer and studio executive David Stanley will head the
entertainment transactional practice at the Los Angeles law firm of Greenberg
Glusker. Stanley, a 1976 graduate of Golden Gate University School of Law, has
been with the firm for two years. He replaces veteran transactional attorney
Robert Marshall, who remains at the firm.

Local focus for NBC stations group

The NBC owned-and-operated stations group has changed its name to NBC Local
Media Division and tapped Brian Buchwald and Mark French for senior positions.
NBC Local Media Division president John Wallace said the new name better
reflects the scope of the unit's business. Buchwald has been named senior vp
local digital media and multiplatform, while French has been named senior vp and
GM of NBC Everywhere, a new unit focusing on the company's "digital place-based"
network. Both report to Wallace.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Print

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                    Copyright 2007 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Morning Scan: UBS in Tax-Evasion Hot Water Again; Somali Remittances

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: NATIONAL/REGIONAL Vol. 1 No. F306

LENGTH: 557  words


Receiving Wide Coverage ...

The Swiss and Taxes: And you wonder how the Swiss banking industry got its
reputation as a haven for tax evaders? The Justice Department and the Federal
Bureau of Investigation are examining Swiss bank UBS for allegedly helping its
American wealth-management clientsavoid taxesby putting their money into
investments that are banned in the U.S., theWall Street Journalreported. This
isn't the first time UBS has run afoul of U.S. tax laws; back in 2009, UBS paid
$780 million to settle a tax-evasion probe. Now, the U.S. Attorney's office in
Brooklyn is looking into UBS's usage of so-called bearer securities, which were
phased out in the U.S. starting in 1982 because the securities were often abused
to foster tax evasion. That's largely because the identity of the holder of
bearer securities can be kept anonymous. The DOJ and FBI are also looking into
whether UBS's alleged use of bearer securities was conducted during the time
when it was stillunder a deferred-prosecution agreementstemming from the 2009
settlement, theFinancial Timesreported.

Wall Street Journal

Rep. Keith Ellison, D-Minn., spoke at a briefing Wednesday for members of
Congress on theSomali remittance situation, and Ellison reiterated toAmerican
Bankerthat the decision by $81 million-asset Merchants Bank of California in
Carson to close accounts of companies that wire money to Somalia would be
"catastrophic for the Somali community." Ellison also said at the Congressional
hearing that he's informed several regulators of the situation, including
Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry. In a statement released Wednesday, the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said it doesn't force banks to close
specific accounts. Even so, banks must have the proper controls in place. "The
Somali situation is a terrible human tragedy that cannot be solved by bank
regulators; rather, it requires an international government and private-sector
effort," the OCC said in the statement.

At least the dollar's rise in value makes it more affordable for Americans to
travel abroad, right? Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the dollar's rise
in value is a "complicating factor" in the Fed's effort to raise inflation to
its 2% target. Even so, Rosengren said he's "reasonably confident" the inflation
target will be met. Rosengren made the comments on Thursday morning in at a
conference in Frankfurt.

Cyberattacks aren't just something for banks and retailers to worry about.
Anthem, the No. 2 U.S. health insurance firm, said that about 80 million of its
customers and employees werehit in a data breach. The hackers are believed to
have taken tSocial Security numbers but not credit-card or bank-account numbers.

Elsewhere ...

Des Moines Register:A federal judge orderedU.S. Bancorp to pay $18 millionto
customers of an Iowa financial firm that ran a Ponzi scheme. The Commodity
Futures Trading Commission had sued U.S. Bancorp for allegedlyhelping Russell
Wasendorf run the Ponzi schemethrough his firm, Peregrine Financial Group in
Cedar Falls, Iowa. U.S. Bancorp failed "to meet its own responsibilities to
safeguard Peregrine's customer funds that it held," the CFTC said in a
statement. The $18 million payment waspart of a settlementthat U.S. Bancorp
reached with the CFTC and which was approved by U.S. District Court Judge Linda
Reade.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

MAN INDICTED ON CHARGES HE THREATENED AN FBI AGENT

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 337 words


A federal grand jury in Ohio has indicted a New York man on charges of stalking
and threatening a Pittsburgh FBI agent who led the investigation into his
cousin, a prominent New Jersey lawyer sent to prison for the rest of his life
for racketeering, murder of an FBI informant and tax evasion.

Ron Bergrin was arrested by the FBI last month in Cleveland and faces a federal
detention hearing there today.

A grand jury on Tuesday charged him with cyber stalking, threatening a federal
law officer and making interstate threats, all in regard to Shawn Brokos, a
Pittsburgh FBI agent who transferred here from the Newark, N.J., office in 2013.

She was the lead investigator in the government's prosecution of Ron Bergrin's
cousin Paul Bergrin, a high-profile Newark defense attorney who has represented
rap stars, drug gangs and U.S. soldiers accused of abusing Iraqis.

Federal prosecutors said Paul Bergrin led his own drug ring, enlisting his
clients to help his operation and carry out murders to protect it.

A onetime federal and state prosecutor, he is serving six life terms for murder,
witness tampering, drug trafficking, racketeering and tax evasion. He had also
previously pleaded guilty to running a prostitution ring.

Federal agents say Ron Bergrin, who has homes in New York and Florida, is out
for revenge against Agent Brokos because of her role in putting him away.

After efforts to get a reduced sentence for his cousin failed, the FBI said he
repeatedly called the Newark FBI in office in 2013 to harass Agent Brokos. After
her transfer, he sent four Easter cards to her new home in the Pittsburgh
region.

He also sent an email last month to a cousin in Cleveland that the FBI considers
threatening.

"I'm going to teach her that I could crush her like the bug she is, if I wanted
to," the email said. "She will never sleep at night again. She will have
nightmares. I'm going to investigate her neighbors - like she did to mine."

The FBI arrested him the next day as he walked into a hotel on Carnegie Avenue
in Cleveland.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove: tove@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1510.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Man gets 22 years for trafficking, tax evasion

BYLINE: By VIK JOLLY, ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: SUNPOST; Pg. B

LENGTH: 274 words


A federal judge Monday sentenced a San Clemente man known as "Pops" to nearly 22
years in prison for drug trafficking and tax evasion in connection with running
a string of nine illegal marijuana storefronts that authorities say earned him
about $25 million.

After listening to pleas for leniency from friends of 56-year-old John Melvin
Walker, U.S. District Judge James Selna said it was clear to him that there were
two John Walkers - the one who supported his family and friends and the man who
led and organized "major drug activity."

The sentence addresses "not only the good John Walker but also the bad John
Walker," Selna said.

Selna also ordered Walker to pay the Internal Revenue Service $2.4 million and
the California State Board of Equalization $1.8 million in restitution.

Walker, who had two previous state drug-trafficking convictions, pleaded guilty
in April to two federal charges - one count of conspiring to distribute more
than a ton of marijuana and maintaining drug-involved premises, and one of tax
evasion.

He was among 14 people indicted by a federal grand jury in fall 2012, most of
whom have pleaded guilty.

The indictment outlined a drug-trafficking conspiracy led by Walker, who owned
and operated at least nine marijuana stores in Los Angeles and Orange counties,
prosecutors said.

Walker lived in a multimillion-dollar gated mansion in San Clemente, described
in documents as having six bedrooms and four bathrooms, with a large pool and
casita in the backyard.

Defense attorney Kate Corrigan read a letter from Walker to Selna in which he
apologized and expressed the "deepest regret for all the wrongs I've committed."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday

Ex-CEO indicted on fraud, tax charges;
Orinda man alleged to have spent thousands of company's dollars on items such as
gold jewelry and expensive clothing

BYLINE: Josh Richman, MEDIANEWS STAFF

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 318 words


An Orinda man has been indicted on mail fraud and tax evasion charges, with
federal prosecutors claiming he conned people into investing in his Livermore
startup company as he embezzled and bought luxury items.

John Frances Griffin, 43, was arrested in May after a former Contra Costa County
prosecutor who went to work for VaporTech Inc. uncovered the CEO's alleged
misdeeds.

VaporTech develops steam, vapor and high-pressure technology for uses such as
cleaning toxic soil or forcing oil from wells. An indictment handed up last week
by a federal grand jury in Oakland claims Griffin from 2004 to 2006 falsely told
investors he loaned $275,000 to his own company in order to entice them to
invest as well; he also allegedly told VaporTech employees he put about $1
million into the company, and the indictment claims he was saying this to cover
his own embezzlement.

Federal prosecutors are seeking forfeiture of items Griffin bought with the
company's cash, including a $30,359 diamond ring; a $3,425 gold tennis bracelet;
two televisions worth more than $3,700 each; and more than $17,000 worth of
clothing from Nieman Marcus.

The indictment filed Thursday adds two counts of tax evasion to the three counts
of mail fraud charged back in May. Griffin allegedly dodged his federal income
taxes in 2004 and 2005 by failing to give VaporTech's chief financial officer
his Social Security number; cashing his salary checks instead of depositing
them; and using cash and cashier's checks to prevent his income from being
detected.

Griffin is in the custody of a halfway house, and is scheduled to be arraigned
on the new indictment Friday. Each mail fraud count is punishable by up to 20
years in federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000 plus restitution; each tax
evasion count is punishable by up to five years and $250,000.

Reach Josh Richman of the Oakland Tribune at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or
510-208-6428

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    July 14, 2004 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Local man admits tax evasion, offers help;
He apparently will offer information about offshore scheme to hide income.

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 386 words


SOUTH BEND -- A South Bend man has offered to plead guilty to tax evasion and
help the government in a complex offshore tax fraud case, according to a
proposed plea agreement filed Monday in federal court.

Douglas Gilman's petition to enter a guilty plea was filed along with a criminal
complaint charging him with four counts of tax evasion.

In the eight-page plea petition, Gilman, 45, admits that he and his wife, Gayle,
reduced the amount of income tax owed by a corporation they own through the use
of other companies, including an offshore entity.

If the plea agreement is approved, the Gilmans would share information about
Anderson Ark, a Costa Rica offshore trust program the government has accused of
helping clients move and conceal taxable income.

Several indictments have been returned in the United States in connection with
Anderson Ark, which the U.S. Department of Justice says helped some 2,000
clients obtain more than $30 million in illegal tax refunds from 1998 through
2001.

A plea hearing for Gilman is scheduled for July 26 before U.S. District Judge
Robert L. Miller Jr.

Because each count carries up to a five-year sentence, he would face up to 20
years in prison and a $1 million fine. He has agreed to pay restitution of
$112,500, the amount of his tax loss.

The charges accuse Gilman of filing false income tax returns on behalf of him
and his wife for the years 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001.

In each year, the reported joint taxable income, and the tax owed based on
income, were substantially lower than the actual amounts, according to the
government.

For example, he reported income of $141,533 and taxes of $38,187 in 2001 when he
allegedly knew the income amount was much higher.

In the plea agreement, Gilman says he filed false income tax returns for an S
corporation called Allied Agency Inc. in those years.

The tax evasion, he explained, involved the setting up of a limited partnership
in Nevada called DG&S, an offshore entity called Investt Chevy S.A., and a
foreign financial account.

Justice department reports on Anderson Ark say the organization used shell
corporations, trusts and partnerships to transfer, conceal and repatriate
taxable income.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 18, 2003 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

City Seeks to Recoup Tax Money From Internet Cigarette Vendors

BYLINE:  By DIANE CARDWELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 433 words


Seeking to recoup millions of dollars in uncollected tax revenues, the city
filed suit yesterday against several companies that sell cigarettes over the
Internet but, the suit alleges, do not properly report the sales to the
authorities.

Lawyers for the city said they believed it was the first time a locality had
taken such strong aim at Internet cigarette tax evasion. Mayor Michael R.
Bloomberg said that the suit, filed in Federal District Court in Manhattan, was
intended to punish companies that advertise tax-free cigarette sales through the
Internet.

"We're not going to be the only ones," Mr. Bloomberg said on his weekly radio
show on WABC. "Every state has a problem that nobody's paying sales tax on the
purchases over the Internet."

The city's complaint accuses several operators of about a dozen cigarette retail
Web sites of engaging in a huge tax evasion scheme by failing to file reports
that alert state tax authorities to out-of-state cigarette purchases. Some of
the sites falsely state that cigarettes bought over the Internet are tax-free,
the suit charges, despite laws that require purchasers to pay excise and sales
taxes on cigarettes bought for use in the state.

"Internet vendors don't notify the customers that that's the case," said Gail
Rubin, chief of the affirmative litigation division at the city's Law
Department. "In fact, they tell them just the opposite."

The suit seeks triple the amount officials estimate the city has lost in
revenues from the defendants, which could amount to more than $15 million,
officials said.

Eric Proshansky, deputy chief of the affirmative litigation division, said that
collecting cigarette taxes had traditionally been problematic, and that the only
other Internet case he had come across was the State of Washington's suing a
single vendor.

"Any time you have differences in the tax rate across state lines, there's an
incentive for people to cross states lines" to take advantage of the lower tax
rate, he said.

One site, BuyDiscountCigarettes.com, advertises itself as selling cigarettes
tax-free because it is located on the Jemez Pueblo, a federally recognized
American Indian sovereign nation, it says. But Mr. Proshansky said that
non-Indians must still pay tax on cigarettes bought there, and that the company
should be filing reports of Internet sales.

"We file reports with appropriate taxing authorities," said Kai Gachupin, the
owner of a company that operates the site along with four others named in the
suit. Mr. Gachupin said that cigarettes were no different from other goods that
are sold tax-free on the Internet.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company

                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday

BRIEF: Judge gives Welch resident probation for tax evasion

BYLINE: The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


Nov. 12--A state liquor inspector who pleaded guilty to income tax evasion in
June was sentenced to three years' probation and ordered to pay a $1,000 fine in
federal court in Beckley Monday.

At his plea, Jimmy Kamel Hazemey, 67, of Welch, admitted he failed to report
more than $64,000 he made in 2004 from betting on sports through a Wyoming
County gambling ring.

Hazemey's cooperation with the investigation was given as a reason for his
receiving probation.

-- Michelle James

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081112-WZ-BRF-Judge-gives-Welch-resident-probation-for-tax-evasion
-1112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2008

                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Psychiatrist sentenced to 18 months in prison for tax evasion

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Ohio
has issued the following news release:



  A psychiatrist from Oregon, Ohio, was sentenced to serve 18 months in prison
for tax evasion, announced Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Caroline
D. Ciraolo, head of the Justice Department's Tax Division, U.S. Attorney Carole
S. Rendon for the Northern District of Ohio, and Kathy A. Enstrom, Special Agent
in Charge, IRS Criminal Investigation, Cincinnati Field Office.





 According to court records, from as early as 2005, Sandra Vonderembse failed to
pay taxes and filed and caused to be filed with the Internal Revenue Service
false and fraudulent tax returns that included false statements regarding her
income and the amount of tax due and owing.  Additionally, from 2009 through
2011, Vonderembse falsely claimed to have no taxable income and to owe no taxes,
despite earning more than $240,000 each year while working as a psychiatrist.
Vonderembse used nominee entities to conceal income from the IRS, and sent fake
financial instruments to the IRS in purported payment of her taxes.  In total,
from 2005 through 2011, she attempted to evade more than $360,000 in income tax
liabilities.



 "Tax evasion is not a victimless crime," Enstrom said. "We all pay when others
swindle the government.  Tax evasion and tax fraud of this magnitude and with
this degree of trickery, dishonesty and deceit, deserves to be punished.  The
IRS and Department of Justice remain determined and vigilant in ferreting out
such schemes to cheat the honest taxpayers."



 In addition to the prison term imposed, Vonderembse was ordered to serve one
year of supervised release and to pay restitution to the IRS in the amount of
$565,128.



 Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Ciraolo and U.S. Attorney Rendon
commended special agents of IRS-Criminal Investigation, who conducted the
investigation, and Assistant U.S. Attorney Noah Hood and Trial Attorneys Jack
Morgan and Jeffrey McLellan of the Tax Division, who are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 31, 2013 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Germany to share bank data with U.S.;
IRS to be informed about Americans who have accounts there

BYLINE: Charles McPhedran, Special for USA TODAY,

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 640 words


Germany will sign a landmark agreement with the U.S. government today, allowing
the bank account details of U.S. citizens living in that nation  to be
transferred to the IRS to help in the hunt for tax cheats.

The deal is part of a move by the U.S. government in the past three years to
tighten reporting requirements of financial assets abroad belonging to Americans
living overseas, as well as U.S. nationals residing domestically with foreign
accounts.

"This is an important step on the path to a united war against tax evasion,"
said the German government after reaching a consensus Wednesday to sign the
agreement.

The clamping down on tax evasion has led to serious problems for American
expatriates, whose numbers are estimated at more than 6 million. It is difficult
for Americans in Germany, Switzerland and elsewhere in Europe to get brokerage
or retirement accounts, mortgages or to hold joint accounts with their spouses
because it's too costly and complicated for the banks to meet the reporting
requirements.

"Deutsche Bank has turned me down twice for brokerage accounts in the past year,
and my 16-year-old daughter's college savings account was closed,"  said
Genevieve Besser, who has lived in Germany for decades with her German husband
and daughters. She says she has no access to her husband's German retirement
account, because if she did, the bank would close it. Meanwhile, she owes no
taxes to the U.S. "It feels like we are being persecuted," she added.

The crackdown has also caused issues for American executives abroad with signing
authority on company accounts, whether they work for American multinationals or
foreign ones. Attorneys who advise multinationals say there has been hesitation
about hiring Americans for high-level positions.

As a result, Americans have been renouncing their citizenship in record numbers.
Almost 1,800 individuals did so in 2012 -- six times more than in 2008,
according to the U.S. Treasury Department.

Meanwhile, the cost of complying with the rules, as well as the penalties for
unknowing violations, has cost businesses and individuals millions of dollars,
says  Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who introduced legislation to repeal the Foreign
Account Tax Compliance Act,  which took effect in January. It  requires foreign
banks to report to the IRS (sometimes via their governments) or face  penalties.

FATCA, as well as other rules, require the disclosure of financial assets
overseas after the amount reaches $10,000 for bank accounts and $250,000 dollars
for other assets.

"FATCA is a textbook example of bad law that doesn't achieve its stated purpose
but does manage to unleash a host of unanticipated destructive consequences,"
said Paul,  calling it "a violation of Americans' constitutional protections.
Tax evasion is a problem that should be addressed, but not in such an egregious
way," he said. "FATCA violates important privacy protections and will cost the
U.S. economy hundreds of billions of dollars in compliance costs, and discourage
overseas investment in the United States."

Even so, the move to root out tax cheats, one of President Obama's  campaign
promises in 2008, is inspiring European governments to do the same by sharing
banking data  with each other.

Earlier this month, European Union officials said they would create a law
allowing for the automatic information transfer among the 27-member states, as
well as those outside the bloc but on the continent, such as known tax-havens
Switzerland, Liechtenstein and Monaco.

Meanwhile, round two against tax evasion will go after foreign multinationals
such as Google and Facebook.

"At a time of fiscal pressure and social tension, fighting tax evasion is a
matter of fairness and credibility," said European Council President Herman van
Rompuy. "The amounts are staggering; hundreds of millions go missing each year."


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     July 14, 2004 Wednesday Metro Edition

South Bend man admits tax evasion;
He apparently will offer information about offshore scheme to hide income

BYLINE: By MATTHEW S. GALBRAITH; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 386 words


SOUTH BEND -- A South Bend man has offered to plead guilty to tax evasion and
help the government in a complex offshore tax fraud case, according to a
proposed plea agreement filed Monday in federal court.

Douglas Gilman's petition to enter a guilty plea was filed along with a criminal
complaint charging him with four counts of tax evasion.

In the eight-page plea petition, Gilman, 45, admits that he and his wife, Gayle,
reduced the amount of income tax owed by a corporation they own through the use
of other companies, including an offshore entity.

If the plea agreement is approved, the Gilmans would share information about
Anderson Ark, a Costa Rica offshore trust program the government has accused of
helping clients move and conceal taxable income.

Several indictments have been returned in the United States in connection with
Anderson Ark, which the U.S. Department of Justice says helped some 2,000
clients obtain more than $30 million in illegal tax refunds from 1998 through
2001.

A plea hearing for Gilman is scheduled for July 26 before U.S. District Judge
Robert L. Miller Jr.

Because each count carries up to a five-year sentence, he would face up to 20
years in prison and a $1 million fine. He has agreed to pay restitution of
$112,500, the amount of his tax loss.

The charges accuse Gilman of filing false income tax returns on behalf of him
and his wife for the years 1998, 1999, 2000 and 2001.

In each year, the reported joint taxable income, and the tax owed based on
income, were substantially lower than the actual amounts, according to the
government.

For example, he reported income of $141,533 and taxes of $38,187 in 2001 when he
allegedly knew the income amount was much higher.

In the plea agreement, Gilman says he filed false income tax returns for an S
corporation called Allied Agency Inc. in those years.

The tax evasion, he explained, involved the setting up of a limited partnership
in Nevada called DG&S, an offshore entity called Investt Chevy S.A., and a
foreign financial account.

Justice department reports on Anderson Ark say the organization used shell
corporations, trusts and partnerships to transfer, conceal and repatriate
taxable income.

Staff writer Matthew S. Galbraith:

mgalbraith@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6359


LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation

                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 22, 1999, Thursday, THREE STAR EDITION

BANKS' TAX EVASION TRIAL IS DELAYED FOUR MONTHS

BYLINE: Virginia Young; Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B2

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


Sen. J.B. "Jet" Banks' trial on charges of tax evasion has been delayed until
Jan. 10, despite protests from the prosecutor.

Cole County Circuit Judge Byron Kinder set the new trial date during a meeting
with attorneys in his office on Wednesday. Banks, D-St. Louis, was charged in
May with failing to pay state income tax on $ 61,000 in 1994 and 1995.

Kinder discarded a Sept. 15 trial date because he is leaving for a vacation in
mid-September. He ruled out the rest of the year because of the vacation plans
of Donald Wolff, Banks' attorney. Wolff said he will be traveling in Europe from
mid-October through late November.

That means Banks' trial will get under way three blocks from the Capitol shortly
after the legislative session's opening speeches and hoopla. Lawmakers meet from
Jan. 5 to May 12. Wolff said the trial will last at least two weeks.

Cole County Prosecutor Richard Callahan had pressed for an earlier trial date.
He said in an interview that he had hoped to avoid conducting the trial during
the legislative session out of "a sense of respect for the business of the
General Assembly."

A separate charge - accusing Banks of lying to a grand jury - is pending before
a different judge and is scheduled for trial on Sept. 8. But at a hearing
earlier Wednesday, Wolff warned that he may ask for a delay in that case, too.

"I'm making every effort to be ready ... but this case is extremely complex and
weighted with paper," Wolff told Senior Judge George Flanigan, a retired Court
of Appeals judge from Springfield.

Flanigan scheduled a pre-trial hearing in the perjury case for Aug. 3. The
Missouri Supreme Court appointed Flanigan to hear the case after Banks
disqualified one Cole County judge and the prosecutor disqualified the other.
Both sides can ask for one change of judge without giving a reason.

Banks, 75, has represented parts of St. Louis for nearly 30 years. He was the
first black to hold the post of Senate majority leader. He is now chairman of
the Senate Public Health Committee.

In the perjury case, he is accused of lying to a grand jury at an appearance
April 30, 1988, when he said he paid $ 150,000 to buy Premier Service Corp., a
limousine business, in 1982. The indictment says the purchases price was $
60,000 or less. Overstating the purchase price affects the tax basis for the
value of an asset that is later sold.

The state Ethics Commission asked Callahan to investigate Banks' finances in
1997. The request stemmed from a complaint based on a Post-Dispatch report that
more than $ 100,000 had disappeared from Banks' campaign treasury without a
paper trail. No charges were filed based on the campaign reports, but during
that investigation, Callahan uncovered information that led to the tax evasion
charge.

All the charges against Banks are felonies, punishable by prison terms of up to
seven years and maximum fines of $ 5,000.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 2, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

GOVERNOR SEEKS BIG CRACKDOWN ON TAX EVADERS

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 1


Saying cheating on New York State taxes is ''in the billion dollar range,'' the
Cuomo administration today proposed a package of bills to crack down on tax
evasion.

''This is not penny ante pilferage,'' Governor Cuomo said at a news conference.
''It's hundreds of millions of dollars a year.''

The head of the State Tax Commission, Roderick G. W. Chu, pointed to charts
showing the results of a computer comparison of Medicare and Medicaid checks
received by doctors with income tax returns filed by doctors.

The charts, to the right of the dais in the old Court of Appeals room in the
Capitol, showed 91 doctors who had not filed returns and who owed an estimated
$17.6 million. The charts showed 1,800 more who had underreported taxes owed by
more than $70 million.

Using national studies to estimate the state level, Mr. Chu said, shows that tax
cheating in New York is ''somewhere in the billion-dollar range.''

No Amnesty for Evaders

Mr. Cuomo described the main bill in the package, the Omnibus Tax Equity and
Enforcement Act, as ''the first comprehensive overhaul of the criminal and civil
penalties for tax evasion in state history.'' It is a reworked version of a
measure that he introduced late in the 1984 legislative session.

The package did not include amnesty for tax evaders who came forward and paid
their taxes, an idea that has been put forward by the Republicans, who control
the State Senate.

Asked about the possibility of including an amnesty provision, Mr. Cuomo did not
rule out talks about it during negotiations to shape the budget for the fiscal
year starting April 1.

But he warned against the temptation to ''create overly generous estimates'' of
the money an amnesty might bring in.

Key Points in the Package

The package included these provisions:


- An omnibus bill that would increase penalties, tighten tax-registration
controls, provide for the early collection of sales taxes from flea-market
vendors, permit the seizure and sale of vehicles used to bootleg motor fuel and
expand the investigatory powers of the Department of Taxation and Finance.


- A measure to establish a revenue crimes bureau in the Tax Department to focus
on violators and speed the preparation of cases for local prosecutors. It would
also provide funds for informants and ''buy money'' for use in criminal
investigations.


- A bill to eliminate what the tax people call a ''daisy chain'' in which,
through a series of paper transactions, taxes are evaded on motor fuel. The bill
would require that the taxes be paid on the initial sale in the state.


- A measure to impose a 100 percent tax on illegal income. This provides an
incentive for local governments to report suspicious activity. A locality would
get 25 percent of any taxes collected as a result of its report.

James A. Quaremba, president of the state's Retail Council, praised the
proposals, saying they would ''eradicate the wrongful economic advantage'' held
by many flea-market and transient vendors.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Rindge man pleads guilty to tax evasion, faces prison time and fines

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


May 15--CONCORD -- A Rindge man accused of swindling investors of nearly $28
million pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in Concord Thursday to four counts
of tax evasion.

Aaron E. Olson was also fined $200,000 from an order filed against him by the
N.H. Securities Bureau after two years of investigation.

The charges against Olson span four years and involve two investment firms he
owned: AEO Associates and KMO Associates.

He obtained $27.8 million from individuals and organizations supposedly to
invest on their behalf,  according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's
Office.

To entice them to invest more money with him, Olson sent them false earnings
statements that showed significant gains on their investments, according to the
U.S. Attorney's Office.

Olson used $2.6 million of investors' funds for his own benefit and to pay fake
earnings to other investors while he lost people's money on investments that
performed poorly, the news release said.

Olson is charged with falsely reporting his income taxes in the years from 2007
to 2010. He reported owing $35,900 during those years when his actual tax
liability totaled $664,912 more, according to the release.

The N.H. Bureau of Securities Regulation issued a consent order Thursday against
Olson for violations of N.H. securities laws, including fraud and failure to
license.

The bureau said Olson mingled investors' money with his own, recommended and
traded risky investments and failed to maintain adequate records of investments
and sent some investors false statements.

Olson did not register either AEO or KMO with the state as investment firms and
he was not licensed in New Hampshire or any other jurisdiction as an investment
broker, the news release said.

"By avoiding the licensure requirements, Mr. Olson was able to avoid scrutiny of
his illegal activities for several years," said Eric Forcier, the bureau's staff
attorney.

Olson must pay any restitution ordered by the U.S. District Court and back taxes
before the bureau's fine. He has been barred for life from getting a securities
license.

Olson is scheduled to be sentenced in September.

The maximum penalty for each tax evasion charge is a five-year prison sentence,
and a fine of $250,000.

___ (c)2014 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140515-KN-Rindge-man-pleads-guilty-to-tax-evasion
-faces-prison-time-and-fines-0515-20140515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2014

                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 19, 2005, Saturday

Multi-level marketing executives convicted of tax evasion charges

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson

LENGTH: 290 words



The founders of an international multilevel marketing company based in Utah were
convicted Friday by a federal jury of income tax evasion and conspiracy to
defraud the Internal Revenue Service.

The former corporate counsel of Neways Inc. also was found guilty of conspiracy,
as well as of corruptly impeding the due administration of tax laws.

Prosecutors said the three -- Thomas E. Mower and his former wife, Leslie D.
Mower, who were officers in the Salem-based company, and James Thompson, its
lawyer from fall 1995 through summer 1997 -- concealed more than $ 1 million in
receipts received from Neways Australia and more than $ 3 million in commission
income the couple received from U.S., Australian and Malaysian distributorships.

The Mowers, who divorced in July 2000, were accused of using the unreported
income to buy assets, including 1,400 acres in Utah County's Hobble Creek Canyon
and a warehouse in Salem used as the company's manufacturing facility.

Neways manufactures, markets and sells personal care and nutritional products in
the United States and about two dozen foreign countries.

Sentencing by U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball is set for June 21. The maximum
penalty for conspiracy and tax evasion is five years in prison and a $ 250,000
fine and three years and a $ 250,000 fine for impeding the IRS.



-----

To see more of The Salt Lake Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sltrib.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Salt Lake Tribune

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: ST-TAX-EVASION-20050319

JOURNAL-CODE: ST

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 The Salt Lake Tribune

                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 5, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Investigators Press Search For 2 Sought In Tax Case

BYLINE: By DAN BARRY

SECTION: Section B; Page 9; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 497 words


Two men accused of helping to promote a tax evasion scheme that so far has led
to the arrest of 88 current and former city employees have failed to surrender
as promised, and investigators widened their search for the men yesterday.

The men, Anthony Davis and Leroy Gordon, are believed to be members of the
Moorish Nation, a black separatist movement, and are charged with selling
so-called tax kits that come with instructions on how to avoid paying taxes,
either by filling out tax forms with false information or by informing the
government that it has no right to collect taxes.

Investigators say both men had indicated plans to surrender.

Meanwhile, law enforcement officials said that their investigation was
continuing and that more arrests were expected. One official, speaking on the
condition of anonymity, said that as many as 100 more city employees might be
implicated in the case.

The arrests this week of employees in the City Departments of Correction,
Sanitation and Environmental Protection -- many of whom serve in law enforcement
capacities -- raised the troubling picture of a city government peppered with
people trying to dodge the very taxes that pay their salaries. Many are charged
with claiming an excessive number of tax withholdings.

Adding to the embarrassment was the arrest of Joseph A. Messina, executive
director of the city's Financial Information Services Agency, which monitors
city disbursements. Investigators said Mr. Messina, who was charged with evading
taxes, hampered their case by not providing pertinent information about the
city's payroll.

In addition to Mr. Davis and Mr. Gordon, a Manhattan businesswoman, Esther Hart,
has been charged with promoting the tax evasion scheme. Ms. Hart, 41,
surrendered to the authorities on Wednesday.

Investigators are still piecing together how the scheme spread through city
government and, particularly, in the Correction Department. Almost half of the
74 correction officers arrested this week said they had been initiated into the
Moorish Nation; some cited the teachings of Hakim H. Y. Bey, the organization's
spiritual leader, who advocates black separatism.

An investigator said yesterday that the authorities were interested in speaking
to Mr. Bey, who sells audio tapes of his lessons from a Web page on the
Internet. Those who buy his items are instructed to mail their money orders to a
post office box in the Bronx.

Several weeks ago, two men believed to be acolytes of Mr. Bey -- Mr. Davis and
Mr. Gordon -- sued the Manhattan District Attorney's office in Federal District
Court in Brooklyn in an attempt to block their imminent arrests. The two men
contended in their written complaint that the District Attorney had violated
their constitutional rights during the course of the office's investigation.

The constitutional argument is ironic, investigators say, given their
association with an organization that does not recognize the United States
Government.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company

                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 11, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

RICHMOND SENTENCED TO A YEAR AND A DAY AND FINED $20,000

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 750 words


Former Representative Frederick W. Richmond of Brooklyn was sentenced yesterday
to a year and a day in prison and fined $20,000 for income-tax evasion,
marijuana possession and making an illegal payment to a government employee.

He had pleaded guilty to these charges and agreed to resign from Congress and
not seek re-election in a plea bargaining with Federal prosecutors on Aug. 25.
They agreed not to prosecute him for other matters that they had also been
investigating.

No date was set for him to begin serving his term, although he will probably
have to begin doing so in a few weeks, officials said.

Judge Is Typically Informal

As Chief Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Federal District Court in Brooklyn
pronounced the sentence, Mr. Richmond, who will be 59 years old Monday, gazed
somberly at the judge from across a polished wood conference table, at which the
participants in the case were seated.

Judge Weinstein normally conducts sentencings and hearings at this table in his
courtroom, rather than from his bench, and, in another typical manifestation of
his informality, he was not wearing his judicial robes.

''You have done commendable things for many people,'' the 61-yearold judge said.
''For this you received personal gratification, affection, respect and high
office. You have committed criminal acts. For this you must be punished.''

Judge Weinstein then sentenced Mr. Richmond to one year each for the marijuana
possession and illegal-payment pleas and to a year and a day for tax evasion. He
said the prison terms were to run concurrently because this was required by
standards of the American Bar Association and the uniform practice of the
Federal Court in Brooklyn in sentencing for nonviolent crimes.

The judge did not explain why the extra day was added, but a parole official,
Ralph Kistner, later said this was a technicality related to regulations
governing possible early release for good behavior in prison.

Mr. Kistner said Mr. Richmond would be eligible to seek release on parole after
serving four months, but the prosecutor, Francis J.  Murray, said he expected
Mr. Richmond to serve about 10 months.

Moments before the sentencing, the former four-term Democratic member of the
House of Representatives had shaken his head no when Judge Weinstein asked if he
had anything to say before sentencing.  After the term was pronounced, Mr.
Richmond declined to comment to reporters, hurriedly leaving the courthouse on
Cadman Plaza East in downtown Brooklyn.

An Appeal for 'Understanding'

One of Mr. Richmond's lawyers, Kalman Gallop, had appealed to Judge Weinstein to
show ''understanding and compassion'' in sentencing Mr.  Richmond, who faced up
to five years in prison and $20,000 in fines for the three Federal crimes to
which he had confessed.

''Fred Richmond comes to this court tortured, humiliated, defeated,'' Mr. Gallop
said. ''His life has been ruined. He faces an uncertain future.''

Mr. Gallop cited what he called a long array of civic and charitable
contributions that Mr. Richmond - considered one of the wealthiest members of
the House - had made over the years, as a civic-minded New Yorker as well as a
Congressman.

These ranged, Mr. Gallop said, from playing key roles in the drive to save
Carnegie Hall in Manhattan and the Brooklyn Home for the Aged to financing
housing-rehabilitation efforts on Harlem, contributing to families in need and -
''probably his greatest achievement'' in Congress - making ''tireless efforts''
to preserve the Federal food-stamp program.

'Contrast With His Crimes'

Mr. Murray, who is the head of the economic crimes unit in the United States
Attorney's Office in Brooklyn, told Judge Weinstein that other things also had
to be kept in mind.

''Mr. Richmond's charitable deeds on the one hand have to be contrasted with his
crimes that violated Federal statutes,'' the prosecutor said. He added that
''there has to be recognition that there is a wrong that has occurred here and
that a very sacred trust has been breached by this man not once but on numerous
occasions.''

Judge Weinstein then told the former Representative, a reddishhaired man wearing
a bluish-gray suit, light blue shirt and blue patterned tie, that a prison term
was in order.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday

Plea entered in tax evasion case

BYLINE: Michael R. Moser, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Dec. 12--CROSSVILLE -- A Crossville businessman presented Clerk of Courts Larry
Sherrill a check for $75,000 prior to his appearance in Cumberland County
Criminal Court as a down payment on restitution the state says he owes in a tax
evasion case.

Vipul Manubhai Patel, 33, owner of JASH Corporation, which is doing business as
Tobacco and Beverage Mart in Crossville, pleaded guilty to one felony count of
sales tax evasion. The remaining 22 counts were then dismissed.

Terms of the sentencing agreement allowed Patel to plead guilty in exchange of
being placed on judicial diversion. Patel is to serve one year on supervised
probation during which time he is to pay an additional $24,774.03 restitution
for sale tax still owed.

At the end of that year, if restitution is paid in full and other conditions of
probation are met, Patel will be eligible to petition the court to have his
record cleared of the charge. That expungement is not automatic, but must be
agreed to by a judge.

The Special Investigations Section of the Tennessee Department of Revenue
conducted the investigation that led to Patel's plea and sentencing.

The case stems from failure to pay sales tax owed the state from February 2008
through December 2010.

In a press release, the following statement was issued: "This investigation
serves as a reminder that retailers are not entitled to use or keep sales tax
monies," said Revenue Commissioner Richard H. Roberts. "Sales tax revenues
collected by retailers are never property of the retailer and are always the
property of our state and local governments. These taxes must be remitted to the
state as required by law."

The department pursued the criminal case in cooperation with District Attorney
General Randy York's office. Citizens who suspect violations of Tennessee's
revenue laws should call the toll-free tax fraud hot line at (800) FRAUDTX
(372-8389).

The Department of Revenue is responsible for the administration of state tax
laws and motor vehicle title and registration laws and the collection of taxes
and fees associated with those laws. The department collects about 87 percent of
total state revenue. During the 2013 fiscal year, it collected $11.7 billion in
state taxes and fees and more than $2.2 billion in taxes and fees for local
governments.  To learn more about the department, visit www.TN.gov/revenue.

___ (c)2013 the Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131212-XV-Plea-entered-in-tax-evasion-case-1212-20131212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2013 Crossville Chronicle

                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Drug kingpin gets 22 years for trafficking, tax evasion

BYLINE: By VIK JOLLY, ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: CAPOVALLEY; Pg. A

LENGTH: 280 words



HIGHLIGHT: John 'Pops' Walker ran illegal pot shops that brought in $25 million.



A federal judge Monday sentenced a man known as "Pops" to nearly 22 years in
prison for drug trafficking and tax evasion in connection with running a string
of nine illegal marijuana storefronts - including in San Juan Capistrano - that
authorities say earned him about $25 million.

After listening to pleas for leniency from friends of 56-year-old John Melvin
Walker of San Clemente, U.S. District Judge James Selna said it was clear to him
that there were two John Walkers - the one who supported his family and friends
and the man who led and organized "major drug activity."

The sentence addresses "not only the good John Walker but also the bad John
Walker," Selna said.

Selna also ordered Walker to pay the Internal Revenue Service $2.4 million and
the California State Board of Equalization $1.8 million in restitution.

Walker, who had two previous state drug trafficking convictions, pleaded guilty
in April to two federal charges - one count of conspiring to distribute more
than a ton of marijuana and maintaining drug-involved premises, and one of tax
evasion.

He was among 14 people indicted by a federal grand jury in fall 2012, most of
whom have pleaded guilty.

The indictment outlined a drug-trafficking conspiracy led by Walker, who owned
and operated at least nine marijuana stores in Los Angeles and Orange counties,
prosecutors said.

Walker lived in a multimillion-dollar gated mansion in San Clemente, described
in documents as having six bedrooms and four bathrooms, with a large pool and
casita in the backyard.

Defense attorney Kate Corrigan read a letter from Walker to Selna in which he
apologized and expressed the "deepest regret for all the wrongs I've committed."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

New Jersey: Doctor with offices in Jersey City, North Bergen admits tax evasion

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Bergen County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A doctor who owns three immediate care facilities in Hudson County today
admitted making millions of dollars' worth of cash deposits and fraudulently
transferring his residence to a family member to evade taxes, authorities
announced.

Medhat El Amir of Saddle River pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Jose L.
Linares in Newark federal court to corruptly endeavoring to impede the Internal
Revenue Code, and tax evasion, in connection with an individual income tax
return from 2007.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman and Tax Division Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Caroline D. Ciraolo announced the guilty plea today, some 10
months after El Amir was arrested and charged with tax evasion in April.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court, El Amir
was a primary care doctor and 60 percent owner of Immediate Care P.C., which
provided urgent health care services for patients at an office in North Bergen
and two offices in Jersey City.

From Feb. 11, 2005 through Dec. 31, 2010, El Amir attempted to impede the
internal revenue laws in a number of ways, authorities said. He admitted he
fraudulently transferred his residence in Saddle River to his sister for $2.5
million to keep the property out of the reach of the IRS and the payroll taxes
he owed through his former practice, according to authorities.

El Amir also admitted cashing $7,261,083 in Immediate Care insurance company
checks at a check cashing facility, depositing the majority of that income into
a number of bank accounts to which he had access and using a portion of the
money for personal expenses, authorities said.

El Amir admitted he failed to report taxable income of more than $2 million from
2007 through 2010, resulting in a $502,160 tax loss to the government.
Despite earning a significant income from his practice, El Amir did not file
personal income tax returns for calendar years 2007, 2009 and 2010.

El Amir did file a personal income tax return for 2008, but substantially
under-reported the income he received from Immediate Care and claimed interest
deductions to which he was not entitled.

The count of corruptly endeavoring to impede the due administration of the
Internal Revenue Code carries a maximum potential penalty of three years in
prison and a $250,000 fine. The count of tax evasion carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Deputy Constable Charged with Tax Evasion

LENGTH: 292  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Vernon Matthews has been charged with using dependent information of people he
contacted during his time as a deputy constable to file false tax returns,
announced United States Attorney Kenneth Magidson. Matthews is a 21-year veteran
of law enforcement and was a former Precinct 6 deputy constable.

Matthews was charged in a five-count indictment returned Tuesday, February 11,
2014. He surrendered to authorities this morning and is set to make an initial
appearance before U.S. Magistrate Judge George C. Hanks at 2:00 p.m. today.

The indictment alleges Matthews obtained names and identifying information of
the children of parents he contacted during his service as a deputy constable.
Matthews then allegedly claimed the children as dependent nephews and nieces on
his 2007, 2008, 2010, and 2011 tax returns. He also claimed "child care" and
educational expenses for his non-existent relatives and made false statements to
the FBI when questioned about the claims in a March 2013 interview, according to
allegations.

If convicted, Matthews faces up to five years in federal prison on the false
statement charge and each of the four counts of tax evasion. Making a false
statement also carries a possible $250,000 fine, while the tax evasion charges
could result in a $100,000 fine on each conviction.

Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, FBI, and the Texas Rangers
investigated. Assistant United States Attorney James McAlister is prosecuting.

An indictment is a formal accusation of criminal conduct, not evidence. A
defendant is presumed innocent unless convicted through due process of law.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                                WEB ONLY EDITION

Two former Pittsburghers charged with harboring illegal workers

BYLINE: Paula Reed Ward, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 347 words


This story appears in a shorter version in today's print edition of the
Post-Gazette. This web version below contains more information and is being
included in the library database for that reason.


Two men who ran staffing services businesses in Pittsburgh have been indicted in
federal court for harboring illegal workers from Eastern Europe.

Yaroslav Rochniak, 51, and Gregory Kucher, 62, both of Brooklyn, N.Y., and
formerly of Pittsburgh, are charged in each of the 37 counts.

They operated Citiwide Management Group, formed around October 2001, which later
changed its name to Citiwide MNGM Group Inc. in 2005; Bazil Services Inc.,
formed in November 2002; and Monro Services Inc., formed on Sept. 12, 2005.

Mr. Rochniak and Mr. Kucher are among six people indicted on Nov. 19 on charges
that include conspiracy, money laundering and tax evasion. The indictment was
unsealed yesterday.

According to the filing, the men set up a number of businesses in Western
Pennsylvania and Ohio in which they would contract with various businesses to
provide employees.

Though they did have some legitimate employees, they also employed at least 100
"out-of-status" aliens from Russia, Ukraine, Estonia and Lithuania, which means
that they entered the United States legally, but their visas had either expired
or they were not permitted to work while here.

The indictment also alleges that the men set up housing for the aliens and
arranged their transportation for work.

The defendants are accused of collecting more than $6.8 million on behalf of all
their workers and paying them nearly $5 million.

Other defendants include:

? Roman Kucher, 38, of Lakewood, Ohio

? Alexander Litt, 44, of Miami, Fla.

? Roman Litt, 63, of Staten Island, N.Y., and

? Yakov Shakhanov, 70, of Delray Beach, Fla.

Mr. Rochniak and Gregory Kucher's tax evasion charges stem from the failure to
pay more than $1.4 million in federal income tax, the indictment said.

The men are scheduled to be arraigned Dec. 22 before U.S. Magistrate Judge Amy
Reynolds Hay.

Paula Reed Ward can be reached at pward@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2620.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          February 13, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Jailhouse Notes

BYLINE: By THE NEW YORK TIMES

SECTION: Section E; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; ARTS, BRIEFLY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 195 words


The rapper the Game was sentenced on Monday to 60 days in jail after pleading no
contest to felony possession of a firearm in a school zone, The Associated Press
reported. Under a plea agreement, two other counts against him were dropped, but
his sentence also includes 150 hours of community service and three years of
probation. The Game, 28, above, whose real name is Jayceon Terrell Taylor, was
accused of pulling a gun on an opposing player during a pickup basketball game
at a south Los Angeles school nearly a year ago. ... A three-judge court in Los
Angeles has denied an appeal by the R&B singer Ronald Isley of his 37-month
federal sentence for tax evasion. Mr. Isley, 66, a member of the Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame and one of the Isley Brothers, whose hits included ''Twist and
Shout,'' argued that his sentence was unreasonable because of his age and poor
health. The appellate court said the trial judge correctly ''balanced the need
to sanction Mr. Isley's 'pathological' tax evasion against the need to
accommodate Mr. Isley's poor health.'' Mr. Isley is in the Federal Correctional
Institution in Terre Haute, Ind. His projected release date is April 2010.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company

                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 11, 1982 Tuesday

Prosecutor   sums up   Moon case

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: New York NY


NEW YORK  (Reuter) - A prosecutor yesterday asked a jury to find
 Unification Church leader Rev. Sun Myung Moon guilty of tax evasion and
 conspiracy, saying he deliberately failed to report $150,000 in income.

In a long and emotional summation, prosecutor Jo Ann Harris asked the
 10-woman, two-man jury to reject defence claims that the money, earned on
 bank deposits made in Mr. Moon's name between 1973 and 1975, belonged to
 the church.
    'You can't always see the hands pulling the strings,' she told the
 jury at the end of the seven-week-long case, adding there was no doubt
 that in this case, Mr. Moon was pulling the strings.

She added there were 'too many closed doors, too many closed minds and
 too many closed mouths' for the prosecution to be able to show every bit
 and piece of what happened. But she maintained that the prosecution had
 proved its charges against Mr. Moon and co-defendent Takeru Kamiyama, a
 close aide.

Mr. Moon, a Korean-born evangelist who took up residence in the United
 States in 1973, is charged with tax evasion and conspiracy.

The prosecution contends that Mr. Moon deposited $1.6-million in
 accounts at a U.S. bank that bore his name. These accounts earned interest
 of $150,000 between 1973 and 1975 which was not reported as income.

The defence contends the money belonged to the church and was tax
 exempt.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

Man admits to $500,000 tax evasion

BYLINE: Erin L. Nissley, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 363 words


Apr. 14--A Wayne County businessman will have to pay more than $500,000 in back
taxes after he admitted today to lying on Internal Revenue Service documents in
2003 and 2004.

Richard Harsche, 44, of Paupack Twp., pleaded guilty in federal court to tax
evasion. He remains free pending sentencing, a date for which has not been set.

In 2003, Mr. Harsche filled out tax return documents listing his taxable income
as $30,475, according to information provided in court this morning. But IRS
investigators say his taxable income was actually $411,983 and that he owed an
additional $140,479 in unpaid taxes.

Assistant U.S. Attorney William Houser said Mr. Harsche hid taxable income from
the IRS by writing off the purchase of a vacation home in Florida as a business
expense. Mr. Harsche also deposited about $103,000 into Swiss bank accounts,
writing them off as "interest expenses."

Mr. Harsche also admitted to lying in IRS documents pertaining to a settlement
he proposed for taxes he owed in 1992 through 1994. Mr. Houser said Mr. Harsche
offered to pay $65,340 but failed to list his ownership interest in a number of
corporations he controlled, including Home Consultants Inc. The corporations had
real estate holdings of more than $1 million. Home Consultants Inc., also known
as HCI Mortgage, also had a net value of more than $1 million, Mr. Houser said.

Because of the misrepresentations, Mr. Harsche underpaid by more than $110,000,
Mr. Houser told U.S. District Judge Edwin M. Kosik.

Mr. Harsche's attorney, Ernest Preate Jr., said his client received "bad advice"
from several people and will take responsibility for his actions.

"That's why he was here today," Mr. Preate said. "He will pay the money back."

Read more in Wednesday's Times-Tribune.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090414-YT-Man-admits-to-500,000-tax-evasion-0414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009

                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 20, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Four Executives Are Convicted in a Fuel-Tax Scheme

BYLINE: By DAVID M. HERSZENHORN

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, June 19


Four fuel company executives were convicted today for their roles in a scheme
that cheated the Federal and state governments out of more than $140 million in
fuel taxes.

The case centered on a fuel company based in Brooklyn that prosecutors said was
owned by Russian organized crime figures, and it revealed the growing reach of
the Russian mob throughout the metropolitan region.

Federal law enforcement officials praised the verdict by a jury in Federal
District Court in Camden, N.J., and called the fraud case the largest involving
oil taxes. Federal prosecutors are committed to "bringing to justice those who
rip off state and Federal taxing authorities," said Robert J. Cleary, the first
assistant United States attorney for the District of New Jersey.

The conspiracy hinged on a tax code provision under which oil is sold tax free
as home heating oil but is taxed when sold as diesel fuel for other uses.
According to the evidence presented by the prosecutors, the Brooklyn company,
Kings Motor Oils Inc., bought 666 million gallons of home heating oil tax free,
and the oil was later resold as diesel fuel. Customers buying the diesel fuel
were charged the heavy taxes, the prosecutors said, and the conspirators
pocketed the money instead of turning it over to the state and Federal
governments.

The fuel was passed through a series of middle companies, creating a trail of
invoices and other paperwork that falsely indicated that the taxes had been
properly paid, the prosecutors said. Ultimately, the oil was sold to Petroplus
Petroleum, a family-owned business in Deptford, N.J., which reaped huge profits
both by keeping part of the diverted tax money and reselling the oil to
customers at reduced prices.

The president of Petroplus, Daniel Enright of Mullica Hill, N.J., was one of the
four executives convicted today after a nine-month trial before Judge Joseph E.
Irenas. Mr. Enright was convicted of 38 charges, including tax evasion, money
laundering, wire fraud and conspiracy.

Robert G. Stahl, a special assistant United States attorney who prosecuted the
case, said that Mr. Enright and his company had received more than $50 million
in the scheme, the largest single share of the diverted taxes. Mr. Enright, like
the other suspects, was indicted in 1995 after a long undercover investigation
by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Internal Revenue Service.

"Enright was one of the largest people in this bootleg fuel business," Mr. Stahl
said. Petroplus reduced its prices so much that it was able to woo customers
from the major oil companies and attract buyers up and down the East Coast, Mr.
Stahl said.

The owners of Kings Motor Oils, Igor Erlikh of Brooklyn and Aaron Misulovin of
East Hills, N.Y., both Russian immigrants, are fugitives. The Federal
authorities are seeking them, but believe they have fled the country. One of
their partners, Demetrios Karamanos, a Greek citizen who lived in Norwood, N.J.,
was convicted today on tax evasion, fraud, laundering and conspiracy charges.
Investigators said Mr. Karamanos was an expert on the fuel industry who helped
mastermind the scheme.

The jury also convicted Mary Ingram of Woodbridge, N.J., the president of
American Minority Petroleum, a wholesale oil distributor in Woodbridge, of tax
evasion, wire fraud, laundering and conspiracy charges. Richard Pedroni of
Clermont, N.J., who was president of Pedroni Fuel Company in Vineland, N.J., was
convicted of conspiracy.

The various charges carry potential maximum sentences ranging from 5 to 10 years
and fines of as much as $250,000 on each count. The Federal Government is also
seeking $2.6 million from the executives based on the money-laundering and tax
evasion charges.

The jury acquitted John Ruocco of Jackson, N.J., who was an employee of American
Minority, and Michael Lipkin of Manhattan, who had worked for Kings Motor Oils.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     June 13, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Helmsley servants 'worked community service

BYLINE: AP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 323 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Leona Helmsley's employees say they were made to do the community service the
hotel queen was ordered to perform as part of her tax-evasion sentence, the New
York Daily News reports.

Helmsley, 74, instructed the domestic workers to do chores such as wrapping
gifts to be given to patients at an Arizona hospital and stuffing thousands of
envelopes for a charity drive, the newspaper said yesterday, citing unidentified
employees.

Helmsley then allegedly misled probation officers into thinking she had done the
work herself, the newspaper said.

She was released from a Connecticut prison in October, 1993, and was put on
three years' probation that included 250 hours of community service a year.

Some of the gifts to be distributed by volunteers at Scottsdale Memorial
Hospital were wrapped at Helmsley's home in Paradise Valley, Ariz., one employee
told The Daily News.

Another worker said that as many as 700 small boxes - some containing key chains
Helmsley bought - were wrapped by maids, handymen and other domestic workers.

The second employee was quoted as saying Helmsley referred to the work "as her
community service. She laughed about it."

Helmsley's personal assistant, Hubie Weyer, told The Daily News his boss had no
comment on the allegations.

Ed Mahoney, deputy chief of the U.S. Probation Office in New York, said he was
prohibited from discussing the terms of Helmsley's community service.

But he denied that his office was lax in supervising her.

"She would be the last one we would let slip through the cracks," he said.

Helmsley was convicted in 1989 of tax evasion and sent to a federal prison in
Danbury, Conn., on April 15, 1992 - tax day.

The poor health of her husband, Harry, led a federal judge to reduce her
sentence to 21 months from 30 months.

She served 18 months in prison, a month in a halfway house and two months of
house arrest in her own posh Manhattan hotel.


LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO: Leona Helmsley

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Sports briefs for Feb. 5, 2016

BYLINE: Joe McLaughlin BDN Staff

LENGTH: 592 words


Louisville self-imposes postseason ban for 2016


Louisville has self-imposed a postseason ban on its men's basketball team for
this season, the school announced Friday.


The penalties come amid the NCAA's ongoing investigation into an alleged
recruiting scandal involving paid escorts at Louisville.


The school informed the team's players in a meeting Friday and announced the
sanctions at a news conference Friday afternoon.


Head coach Rick Pitino's No. 19 Cardinals have an 18-4 record and are in second
place in the Atlantic Coast Conference.


"I recognize that this is a significant penalty for our program," said
university president James R. Ramsey, who was accompanied at Friday's news
conference by athletic director Tom Jurich and Pitino.


According to the Courier-Journal, the coaches told the players before the
announcement that they only had nine games left, which is the remainder of the
regular season. The Cardinals host Boston College on Saturday.


Cowboys not interested in Manziel


Embattled quarterback Johnny Manziel continues to have off-the-field issues that
have made it a certainty the Cleveland Browns will be releasing him.


The Dallas Cowboys have been frequently mentioned as a possible landing spot for
Manziel. But that apparently might not be an option, according to a report in
the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.


The newspaper stated that the Cowboys had no interest in Manziel even before his
latest issues, which include an altercation with ex-girlfriend Colleen Crowley
at a Dallas hotel last Saturday.


Crowley said she was hit by Manziel during the incident. Police filed a report
but decided against filing charges against Manziel because Crowley declined to
cooperate.


Manziel was dumped by agent Erik Burkhardt in the aftermath. In addition, Paul
Manziel, Johnny's father, expressed publicly that his 23-year-old son needs
professional help and might not "live to see his 24th birthday."


But because Cowboys owner Jerry Jones professed a liking for Manziel and lobbied
for the club to choose the former Texas A&M star in the first round of the 2014
NFL Draft, speculation persists that the Cowboys are an option.


Burress receives probation for tax evasion


Former NFL receiver Plaxico Burress was sentenced to five years' probation for
tax evasion, a judged in New Jersey ruled on Friday.


Burress was given five years to repay the state of New York $56,000 in back
taxes or face a prison sentence.


Burress will receive a 364-day jail sentence if he fails to make the
reimbursements.


The former Super Bowl hero with the New York Giants admitted that he didn't pay
$46,000 in state taxes when he made $1 million in 2013.


Suns sign NBA D-League all-star


The Phoenix Suns signed NBA Developmental League all-star guard Orlando Johnson
to a 10-day contract on Friday.


Johnson has spent this season with Austin in the D-League and averaged 15.2
points in 28 games. He was named to the all-star team on Jan. 29. The two-year
NBA veteran played for the Indiana Pacers in 2012-13 and the Sacramento Kings in
2013-14. In 96 NBA games, Johnson has averaged 3.2 points and 1.7 rebounds, with
a career high of 15 points for the Pacers in a 2013 game against the Atlanta
Hawks.


Johnson also spent last season with Austin, averaging 17.4 points in 43 games,
and previously played professionally in Spain and the Philippines.


Bruins send forward to AHL


The Boston Bruins assigned forward Joonas Kemppainen to Providence of the
American Hockey League.


Kemppainen, 27, is in his first NHL season and has appeared in 35 games with
Boston, tallying one goal and two assists.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Sports briefs for Feb. 5, 2016

BYLINE: Joe McLaughlin BDN Staff

LENGTH: 592 words


Louisville self-imposes postseason ban for 2016


Louisville has self-imposed a postseason ban on its men's basketball team for
this season, the school announced Friday.


The penalties come amid the NCAA's ongoing investigation into an alleged
recruiting scandal involving paid escorts at Louisville.


The school informed the team's players in a meeting Friday and announced the
sanctions at a news conference Friday afternoon.


Head coach Rick Pitino's No. 19 Cardinals have an 18-4 record and are in second
place in the Atlantic Coast Conference.


"I recognize that this is a significant penalty for our program," said
university president James R. Ramsey, who was accompanied at Friday's news
conference by athletic director Tom Jurich and Pitino.


According to the Courier-Journal, the coaches told the players before the
announcement that they only had nine games left, which is the remainder of the
regular season. The Cardinals host Boston College on Saturday.


Cowboys not interested in Manziel


Embattled quarterback Johnny Manziel continues to have off-the-field issues that
have made it a certainty the Cleveland Browns will be releasing him.


The Dallas Cowboys have been frequently mentioned as a possible landing spot for
Manziel. But that apparently might not be an option, according to a report in
the Fort Worth Star-Telegram.


The newspaper stated that the Cowboys had no interest in Manziel even before his
latest issues, which include an altercation with ex-girlfriend Colleen Crowley
at a Dallas hotel last Saturday.


Crowley said she was hit by Manziel during the incident. Police filed a report
but decided against filing charges against Manziel because Crowley declined to
cooperate.


Manziel was dumped by agent Erik Burkhardt in the aftermath. In addition, Paul
Manziel, Johnny's father, expressed publicly that his 23-year-old son needs
professional help and might not "live to see his 24th birthday."


But because Cowboys owner Jerry Jones professed a liking for Manziel and lobbied
for the club to choose the former Texas A&M star in the first round of the 2014
NFL Draft, speculation persists that the Cowboys are an option.


Burress receives probation for tax evasion


Former NFL receiver Plaxico Burress was sentenced to five years' probation for
tax evasion, a judged in New Jersey ruled on Friday.


Burress was given five years to repay the state of New York $56,000 in back
taxes or face a prison sentence.


Burress will receive a 364-day jail sentence if he fails to make the
reimbursements.


The former Super Bowl hero with the New York Giants admitted that he didn't pay
$46,000 in state taxes when he made $1 million in 2013.


Suns sign NBA D-League all-star


The Phoenix Suns signed NBA Developmental League all-star guard Orlando Johnson
to a 10-day contract on Friday.


Johnson has spent this season with Austin in the D-League and averaged 15.2
points in 28 games. He was named to the all-star team on Jan. 29. The two-year
NBA veteran played for the Indiana Pacers in 2012-13 and the Sacramento Kings in
2013-14. In 96 NBA games, Johnson has averaged 3.2 points and 1.7 rebounds, with
a career high of 15 points for the Pacers in a 2013 game against the Atlanta
Hawks.


Johnson also spent last season with Austin, averaging 17.4 points in 43 games,
and previously played professionally in Spain and the Philippines.


Bruins send forward to AHL


The Boston Bruins assigned forward Joonas Kemppainen to Providence of the
American Hockey League.


Kemppainen, 27, is in his first NHL season and has appeared in 35 games with
Boston, tallying one goal and two assists.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Man pleads guilty to tax evasion, being uncertified pilot

SECTION: W-STATE; A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 333  words


WASHINGTON - Federal prosecutors say a North Carolina man has pleaded guilty to
tax evasion and operating as a pilot without proper certification.

The Department of Justice said 53-year-old Paul Douglas Tharp of Greensboro
entered his plea on Tuesday.

Court documents say Tharp attempted to evade payment of an outstanding federal
income tax debt by filing false documents, including false federal tax returns
from 2011 through 2014. After Tharp failed to file tax returns for the years
2003 through 2006, the Internal Revenue Service assessed income taxes for those
years.

The court documents said Tharp owed more than $300,000 in taxes for the years
2003 through 2007. In 2011, Tharp provided a false statement to an IRS revenue
officer assigned to collect his unpaid taxes, on which he failed to report that
he owned an airport and an investment firm, and concealed his business bank
accounts and rental income he had received under penalty of perjury.

In 2012 and 2014, Tharp also filed tax returns for the 2011 through 2013 tax
years on which he omitted significant income that he received from his airport
and rental properties.

As part of his plea, Tharp - who surrendered his pilot license in 2012 - also
admitted he served as a pilot without the required certification at least four
times that year.

In May 2014, Tharp pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court, Charlotte, North
Carolina, to serving as an airman without an airman's certificate and providing
false statements to a Federal Aviation Administration investigator. The
following March, he was sentenced to 60 days incarceration, three years of
probation, and ordered to pay a $5,000 fine.

In his current case, Tharp is scheduled for sentencing on April 22. He faces up
to five years in prison for the tax evasion charge and three years in prison for
each count of serving as a pilot without an airman's certificate, as well as a
maximum fine of $250,000 for each count of conviction. He must also pay
$281,366.62 in restitution to the IRS.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 16, 2010 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

2 Charged in International Tax Evasion Scheme Said to Involve HSBC

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 858 words


Federal authorities arrested two property developers, a father and son, on
Thursday and charged them with participating in a multimillion-dollar tax
evasion scheme through a large international bank.

The property developers  --  Mauricio Cohen Assor and his son, Leon Cohen-Levy
--  were taken into custody in New York, a day after they were jointly charged
in a criminal complaint filed in Federal District Court in Fort Lauderdale,
Fla., court papers show.

The bank was identified as HSBC by a person who was briefed on the matter but
spoke on condition of not being identified because the investigation is
continuing.

The arrests underscore how federal authorities are broadening their
investigation into offshore tax fraud to include private banks other than the
Swiss giant UBS, the focal point of the Justice Department's crackdown on
financial firms that sell tax evasion services.

In addition to UBS, prosecutors have been scrutinizing HSBC, one of the world's
largest private banks, which is based in London but has large Swiss operations,
and other Swiss institutions.

The two developers have been embroiled in a long-running legal dispute over
their involvement with the Flatotel, a luxury apartment-style hotel in Midtown
Manhattan. They sold the hotel around 2000 for $33 million but routed the
proceeds through accounts concealed by sham entities established in Panama, the
British Virgin Islands, Liechtenstein, Switzerland and the Bahamas, court papers
show. They did not pay taxes on the sale.

From 1987 through at least 2001, the men opened various accounts in the names of
the foreign entities and shell companies and used unidentified Swiss lawyers as
signatories for some of the accounts.

The bank knew that the two men were the true owners of the accounts and
entities, court papers said, but it allowed them to pretend otherwise for tax
purposes. ''The bankers who handled the accounts knew and documented'' that
Mauricio Cohen Assor  in particular was the real owner behind the entities and
accounts, the complaint said.

The complaint against the  developers describes how federal agents used wiretaps
--  an unusual move in tax cases  --  in 2007 to record their phone
conversations with an  unidentified banker.

Both men are Spanish natives; Leon Cohen-Levy, who lives part of the year on
Fisher Island, Fla., became a United States citizen in 2003, and Mauricio Cohen
Assor, of Miami Beach, won permanent residency status in 2005. Their lawyers
could not be reached for comment.

Court papers said that  a large international bank knowingly allowed the men to
engage in tax fraud through the bank while acquiring their citizenship and
residency papers because the bank did not require them to fill out the necessary
disclosure forms with the Internal Revenue Service.

The men appear to have routed at least $65 million in cash and bonds through
their offshore accounts, court papers show. They used their accounts ''to fund a
luxury lifestyle for themselves and for their family members,'' including
purchases of a $188,000 Bentley and $67,000 Dodge Viper, the complaint shows.

HSBC declined to comment.

Leon Cohen-Levy sought in recent years to build a 93-story apartment-hotel
skyscraper called Empire World Towers in downtown Miami, a project that would
have been one of the tallest residential high-rises in the world.

But  the deal stalled in 2008 when a New York State Supreme Court judge ruled
against him and his father over separate fraud accusations brought by a French
lender regarding the Flatotel. The judge rendered a $266 million default
judgment against the men.

Separately Thursday, the authorities charged five former American clients of UBS
with evading taxes in offshore accounts at UBS's private bank. Two other former
clients waived indictment and pleaded guilty. The group of seven collectively
evaded taxes on $100 million in assets, court papers show.

UBS paid a $780 million fine last year and admitted criminal wrongdoing in
connection with offshore tax evasion services sold to wealthy Americans through
its private bank.

The UBS clients indicted on Thursday in the Southern District of New York were
Shmuel  Sternfeld, of Tel Aviv; Sybil Nancy Upham, of New York; Ernest Vogliano,
of New York; Richard Werdiger, a jewel merchant from Purchase, N.Y.; and Kenneth
Heller, a disbarred maritime lawyer in New York.

The two other former UBS clients who pleaded guilty are Federico Hernandez, a
former money manager in New York; and Jules Robbins, a watch distributor from
Jericho, N.Y.

The actions bring to 16 the number of American former UBS clients charged in the
Justice Department's investigation.

The UBS clients were variously accused of using sham offshore entities in Hong
Kong, Panama and elsewhere, including one known as Real Cool Investments Ltd.,
to further disguise their ownership of the UBS accounts.

Prosecutors also accused some of them of shifting assets out of UBS to smaller
banks in Switzerland and Liechtenstein when UBS came  under scrutiny in 2008,
and of  carrying cash by hand into the United States from Switzerland without
declaring it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company

                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 2, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Sour Note

BYLINE: By JEREMY PEARCE

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1805 words


FOR the last week, barely a sound has been coming from the New Jersey Symphony
Orchestra.

Although bristling with 30 antique string instruments -- including rare Italian
violins by Stradivarius, Guarneri del Gesu and other master makers -- the
orchestra's administrators were sending a muted message about their recent
multimillion-dollar purchase from Herbert R. Axelrod, who has been indicted on
federal charges of tax evasion and fled to Havana.

Lawrence J. Tamburri, the former executive director and a past trustee of the
orchestra -- who was the principle broker of the deal -- declined to comment on
the controversy. Dr. Victor Parsonnet, chairman of the orchestra's board, had
this to say, ''We had appraisers of our own that said one way or another that we
were getting good value.''

Retreat may be an understandable response, given the status of Mr. Axelrod, the
orchestra's benefactor and a storyteller of bravura scale, who is himself now an
international fugitive from justice. Mr. Axelrod, a millionaire publisher of pet
books and violin collector, sold his instruments to the orchestra for $18
million last year. The deal was consummated only after a fitful courtship in
which the entrepreneur boasted that rival European symphonies were waiting in
the wings to as much as $50 million.

More than a week ago, when federal authorities indicted him on charges of tax
evasion, the 76-year-old Mr. Axelrod fled from his multimillion-dollar home in
Deal, on the Jersey Shore, to the mobile refuge of a yacht moored at the Marina
Hemingway in Havana, where he said he planned to spend his newfound retirement
deep-sea fishing and composing fresh tunes rather than face the possibility of
five years in prison and fines of $250,000.

''It is difficult to represent someone in absentia,'' conceded Michael B.
Himmel, a lawyer from Woodbridge who is defending Mr. Axelrod in the tax case.
Mr. Himmel added that he had not heard from the pet publisher since April 21,
when a federal judge in Trenton issued a warrant for his client's arrest.

But the grander question of the moment was to measure what, if any, aftershock
from Mr. Axelrod's public implosion would reach the striving New Jersey Symphony
Orchestra. Just last year, the orchestra began a five-year fund-raising campaign
with the intention of attracting $51.2 million for its endowments as well as to
pay off the $18 million borrowed to acquire the Axelrod collection.

In recent years, the shaky economy has proved especially difficult for the arts,
and the symphony accrued a budget deficit of $2 million during the last fiscal
year. A spokesman for the orchestra credited the arrival of the new instruments
and the appointment of a renowned conductor, Neeme Jarvi, with a boon of $11
million in donations in the past year.

Still, things are not so simple. Since Mr. Axelrod's disappearance, symphony
officials have rushed forward to declare the authenticity of the instruments.
Yet they have been willing to say little more, leaving open-ended whether the
institution's reputation will suffer embarrassment or something worse by
association with their fugitive donor.

In the wider world of the arts, news of the symphony's situation brought mixed
reactions, shaded perhaps by the performers' traditional conviction that
publicity of any stripe results in larger audiences.

Lawrence Goldman, president and chief executive of the New Jersey Performing
Arts Center, which is home to the symphony, said: ''I think this is actually
going to help future fund-raising. Acquiring these instruments was a long-range
decision.''

Preferring to look toward the horizon, Mr. Goldman added: ''When all the dust
clears, this is all about 30 golden-age instruments. Ten years from now, 50
years from now, that's all anybody is going to care about.''

But Ann Marie Miller, executive director of Artpride New Jersey, a Bordentown
advocacy group that lobbies for arts financing, sounded more circumspect, even
as she said the symphony was not likely to suffer harm in the longer term.

''If anything, this sends a signal to the arts community at large to be
careful,'' said Ms. Miller, who has worked as a fund-raiser for the McCarter
Theater in Princeton. ''It is a forewarning and a caution to the rest of the
nonprofit world. All donations carry some level of risk, and everyone in our
world is accountable, even the trustees, who are accountable to the greater
audience.''

Dr. Parsonnet has previously hinted that the actual value of the collection
might lie closer to $25 million, or about half of what Mr. Axelrod claimed the
instruments were worth. For now, the orchestra has insured the instruments for
$48.9 million, which is what Mr. Axelrod had them insured for with Lloyd's of
London.

''My sense is that a price of $50 million is way out of bounds,'' said Claire
Givens, a violin dealer in Minneapolis who was attending an instrument auction
in New York last week. ''Otherwise, the seller wouldn't have settled for $18
million.''

Yet one trustee did step forward to deny that any collusion took place that
would have heightened the collection's value for Mr. Axelrod's tax benefit.
Scott A. Kobler, a Newark lawyer and trustee who helped represent the symphony
during the sale, cited the institution's ''scrutiny and due diligence.''

''We were completely and categorically not in complicity with Dr. Axelrod,''
said Mr. Kobler, a former chairman of the New Jersey Public Broadcasting
Authority. ''We never agreed with Dr. Axelrod about his valuation of the
instruments, but he did provide an appraisal of an internationally recognized
person.''

As he explained, ''the symphony has no knowledge if Dr. Axelrod ever took a tax
deduction for those instruments. In fact, we never gave him a receipt.''

One symphony official who declined to be identified said the collection had been
examined by three experts in the course of negotiations, but that an actual
appraisal had not been conducted. The official added that Mr. Axelrod's past
appraisals were reviewed, although not accepted as accurate. Still, it was
decided that the costs of commissioning a fresh appraisal -- a percentage of the
valuation of all the instruments -- would been prohibitive. In a characteristic
flight of fancy, Mr. Axelrod himself suggested that the collection could soar in
value to $100 million over the next decade.

But in the end, the orchestra will be paying somewhat less than the decided
price. It borrowed $9 million from Commerce Bank, another $5 million from the
Prudential Foundation and the remaining $4 million from Mr. Axelrod, who, before
fleeing, forgave $1 million and assigned $3 million in notes to several
nonprofit groups, in effect making a donation as he departed the country. That
left the final price at $17 million.

Gabriella Morris, president of the Prudential Foundation and a symphony trustee,
said that she had seen the instruments' valuations and was fully satisfied with
the deal.

''There was no complicity here,'' she said, echoing Mr. Kobler's phrase.

She paused before continuing: ''As far as we're concerned, we don't really care
what they're worth, above the $18 million. Our process was a credible one, and
the values were supported. Appraisal by media is not credible.''

Not accountable at the moment is Mr. Axelrod, who holds a doctoral degree in
education from New York University and prefers the honorific doctor. In his
50-year ascent in the publishing world, Mr. Axelrod, a native of Bayonne,
crested the wave of post-war American pet mania, writing such guides as ''Dr.
Axelrod's Atlas of Freshwater and Aquarium Fishes'' and creating T.F.H.
Publications, which stands for ''tropical fish hobbyist.'' His carefully tended
biography details him as an inventor, explorer, scientist, musician,
environmentalist, bon vivant and a once-favored companion of such notables as
Emperor Hirohito and Winston Churchill.

But the facts were often at variance with Mr. Axelrod's claims, according to an
article in The Sunday Star-Ledger last week. Although he earned his doctorate in
education from N.Y.U., he regularly told people that he had earned a Ph.D. in
medicine. Moreover, charges of plagiarism have followed some of his books, and
through the years Mr. Axelrod has been accused of unscrupulous business
practices. The latest charges, detailed in the federal indictment, include
accusations that he employed a Swiss bank account to hide hundreds of thousands
of dollars in income.

Though he accumulated his share of detractors, Mr. Axelrod also won over many,
using part of his wealth for philanthropic purposes. For instance, he donated a
collection of fish fossils to the University of Guelph, in Canada, although a
former university official now says that he exaggerated their value of $24
million.

In 1997, he donated a quartet of string instruments -- two violins, a cello and
a viola, all made by the great Stradivarius -- to the Smithsonian. At the time,
the quartet was valued at about $50 million, a figure that has not been
questioned. In New Jersey, he has also given to hospitals and community centers
as well as the orchestra.

It was the Axelrod collection of instruments that has been credited with helping
lure Mr. Jarvi, the Estonian musician who was previously maestro at the Detroit
Symphony, to Newark. Mr. Jarvi announced his appointment as music director
designate in October, and cited his excitement at the prospect of deploying New
Jersey's new array of instruments.

Jill Woodward, a spokeswoman for the Detroit Symphony, said it was rare for any
American orchestra to own a quartet of string instruments, much less 30 period
instruments that include 24 violins, 4 cellos and 2 violas made by some of
Italy's pre-eminent makers of the 17th and 18th centuries. It is estimated that
fewer than 7,000 Italian instruments of such pedigree exist in the world.

''It would be unusual to ever see New Jersey's situation again,'' Ms. Woodward
said. ''The donor would have to be Bill Gates.''

Time and court proceedings should tell if Mr. Axelrod's legacy is ultimately
remembered as the Axelrod collection. Some of the instruments are scheduled to
be played today, in Plainsboro as part of a children's concert called ''Carnival
of the Animals,'' composed by Saint-Saens. Still, it is almost certain that the
family name will continue to pop up in headlines and at other venues.

In Ocean Township, at the Ruth Hyman Jewish Community Center, builders are
nearing completion of a 600-seat concert hall. Jess Levy, executive director of
the center, said that Mr. Axelrod and his wife, Evelyn Miller Axelrod, had both
given ''generously'' toward the construction, although he declined to say how
much. The whereabouts of Mrs. Axelrod are unknown, according to lawyers.

''I will say,'' Mr. Levy said, ''that the concert hall will bear their name.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Herbert R. Axelrod, far left, sold the New Jersey Symphony
Orchestra 30 antique string instruments, known as the Golden Age Collection, for
$18 million. At first he wanted $50 million for the rare instruments now being
used by the orchestra, left. More than a week ago, when federal authorities
indicted him on charges of tax evasion, the 76-year-old Mr. Axelrod fled from
his multimillion-dollar home in Deal. (Photos by Eduardo Patino/New Jersey
Symphony Orchestra and below left, Associated Press)(pg. 1)
 Neeme Jarvi, left, was introduced as the symphony's new conductor by Dr. Victor
Parsonnet, chairman of the orchestra, right. (Photo by John W. Wheeler)(pg. 8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company

                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 21, 1985, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. RELEASES MOON, ENDING PRISON TERM ON TAX FRAUD COUNT

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 340 words


The Rev. Sun Myung Moon, the Korean evangelist who heads the Unification Church,
was released today from a Brooklyn halfway house after serving 13 months of an
18-month sentence for tax evasion.

Mr. Moon, 65 years old, was convicted in May 1982 of failing to report $162,000
in income on his Federal tax returns. He appealed to the Supreme Court, but it
refused to hear his case, and he began serving his sentence on July 20, 1984.

He spent 11 1/2 months in the medium-security Federal prison in Danbury, Conn.,
then was moved to the halfway house. He had to report to the house every evening
but was allowed to conduct church business during the day.

Jeff Garbow, a spokesman for the Danbury prison, said Mr. Moon was given time
off for good behavior.

In Washington yesterday, the Rev. Jerry Falwell, head of the Moral Majority, and
the Rev. Joseph Lowery, president of the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference, called on President Reagan to pardon Mr. Moon. They said government
was increasingly intruding in religious matters.

In another action involving the church, a South Korean national who admitted
kidnapping a top assistant of Mr. Moon last year was sentenced to 15 years in
prison yesterday after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy and attempted extortion
charges.

The man, Yung Soo Suh, 49, admitted in Federal District Court in Manhattan that
he led a group that kidnapped the church official, Col. Bo Hi Pak, in Manhattan
last September and held him in upstate Orange County.

Colonel Pak, who served as acting head of the church during the imprisonment of
its leader, the Rev. Sun Myung Moon, on tax-evasion charges, was held for two
days. He was rleased when he agreed to transfer $500,000 in church funds to his
kidnappers' secret Swiss bank account.

Six men, all Korean natives, were arrested two months after the kidnapping.
Charges were dropped against three and another was acquitted of kidnapping
charges. The last defendant, a retired South Korean Marine general, Sang Whi
Nam, is to go on trial Nov. 18.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company

                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GATECRASHER. Girls gone mild halt video suit

BYLINE: BY BEN WIDDICOMBE

SECTION: GOSSIP; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 540 words


Girls Gone Wild" jailbird Joe Francis had his first good news in a while
yesterday.

Although Francis (below) is still incarcerated on tax evasion charges, two young
women who were suing him over their appearance in one of his famous flesh-baring
videos dropped their case and apologized Monday.

"I'm very pleased with the events today. It's a sign of things to come," Francis
told me from jail in Reno, Nev. However, he added glumly, "I'm sure that there
will be another [similar lawsuit] that will follow it."

Brooke Patsolic and Christina Brose had claimed they were plied with alcohol
(before they were 21) and did not know their sexual antics would end up on
"Girls Gone Wild: Endless Spring Break Vol. 6."

But after Francis posted video of them consenting to be filmed on his Web site,
the women issued a statement saying: "We have agreed to dismiss our lawsuit and
acknowledge that no money has been paid to either of us."

Francis described the women's suit as "sinister."

"It's purely based off of greed," he said. "Lawyers ... think I'm in jail now
and I can't defend myself and I can't fight back, and they're wrong."

Along with his tax evasion problem in Nevada, Francis also faces a contempt of
court rap relating to dropped felony charges in Florida.

Kim & Kourtney

photo guy aids FBI

Photographer Eric Ford says he is working with the FBI, after we reported he was
trying to sell naked, underage pictures of reality starlets Kim and Kourtney
Kardashian.

"All items taken from him, including the computer, were handed over to the FBI
voluntarily, and he has been cooperating fully with their investigation," his
lawyer, Evan Zelig, told me yesterday.

"He had no knowledge at any time based on representations made to him and based
on the photographs that the subjects in the photos may have been under 18."

The X-rated pics emerged two weeks before the debut of "Keeping Up With the
Kardashians," a new E! reality show featuring the family (above, from left, are
sisters Kim, Khloe and Kourtney). In the first episode, youngest sis Kylie, 9,
surprised viewers by showing off moves on a stripper pole in her parents'
bedroom.

In true family tradition, it was all captured by the cameras.

DON'T SHOOT

THE MESSENGER

Which teenage brother of hard-partying siblings is following in the family
tradition? Visibly drunk at an L.A. nightclub on Saturday, he alarmed pals by
vomiting later at a party in the Hollywood Hills, where he had been taken by his
sister. And he was just off the plane from boarding school!

new york Minute

On Saturday, Hugh Dancy checked out his girlfriend Claire Danes' performance in
"Pygmalion," which opens this week at the American Airlines Theatre. Also in the
audience was "Brothers & Sisters" star Rachel Griffiths.

French screen legend Catherine Deneuve browsed vintage Halloween decorations at
the W. 25th St. flea market on Sunday morning. David Lauren and Lauren Bush
pulled up on a motorcycle to the Domino Bazaar Saturday, where she dutifully
carried his helmet while shopping in the garden section. Tobacco lozenge,
anyone? Ariva - it's a cigarette in a mint! - launched last week at Pink
Elephant, during the club's third-anniversary party that drew Kanye West, Janet
Jackson (l.), Jermaine Dupri and model Miranda Kerr.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE BUCKLEY/BUZZPHOTO JOE KOHEN/WIREIMAGE AP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.

                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 10, 2016 Tuesday

Olson appeals sentence on tax evasion charges; his attorney wants out

BYLINE: Alyssa Dandrea, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 784 words


May 10--A Rindge man who swindled roughly 100 people out of millions of dollars
in a Ponzi scheme is appealing his prison sentence on related convictions for
attempted tax evasion.

Aaron E. Olson's appeal, filed in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First
Circuit in Boston, comes just weeks after a U.S. District Court judge sentenced
him to five years in prison instead of the 3 1/2  years attorneys had jointly
recommended.

The appeal is the latest in a case that has spanned two years, three different
lawyers and included multiple delays.

The latest attorney to ask to leave Olson's case is Michael J. Connolly, who
represented Olson at his April 1 sentencing in Concord. Connolly filed a motion
Thursday to withdraw from the case, citing irreconcilable differences and a
breakdown in the attorney-client relationship.

Kevin E. Sharkey, who represented Olson until February, provided the court with
similar reasoning in his motion to withdraw, which a judge granted.

Connolly is the third lawyer to represent Olson since the U.S. Attorney's Office
levied criminal charges in early 2014. Connolly has until May 20 to file
documentation in support of his motion, which the appellate court initially
denied without prejudice Friday absent those filings.

Olson was next scheduled to appear May 26 in Concord for a restitution hearing
to determine how much his victims are owed; however, he recently waived that
constitutional right.

Court documents do not detail why Olson chose to waive his appearance at the
hearing, which as of this morning was still scheduled for May 26 at 3 p.m.

U.S. District Court Judge Landya B. McCafferty granted April 20 Olson's request
to be excused from the hearing and ordered him immediately transferred to FMC
Devens, a federal correctional facility in Ayer, Mass., to serve out his time.
Olson had been incarcerated at the Strafford County jail in Dover before his
transfer.

At his sentencing last month, Olson heard emotional statements from two of the
more than 100 people who invested with his illegitimate firms, AEO Associates
and KMO Associates, between 2007 and 2010.

Federal prosecutors estimate Olson swindled investors out of nearly $28 million
in those years, but his victims say they lost millions more before the collapse
of the Ponzi scheme in early 2012. One victim maintains in court documents that
he alone lost $45 million, but Olson refutes that claim.

Olson was originally scheduled to be sentenced in September 2014 on four counts
of attempted tax evasion, for understating the federal income taxes he owed from
2007 through 2010 by more than $664,000. Though he pleaded guilty, he later
withdrew his pleas after saying he'd misunderstood the maximum prison term he
could face.

He re-entered guilty pleas to those charges in March 2015.

Olson remained out of jail on bail conditions until last month. But on the
afternoon of April 1, U.S. Marshals took him away in handcuffs after McCafferty
handed down a sentence of five years in prison and three years probation. She
disagreed with attorneys from both sides, who recommended a sentence of 3 1/2
years as part of a plea agreement.

She told Olson he had two years, while out of prison on bail conditions, to show
remorse and begin paying back his victims.

He did neither, she said.

"I don't question you're genuinely remorseful in your heart," she said. "I can't
question that."

But McCafferty did question why Olson hadn't written apology letters, or set
aside $10 or $100 a week in a victims' fund to show he was making an effort to
right his wrongs.

"You've been blessed with many gifts," she said, while referencing the large
family, as well as the close-knit, religious community, he grew up in. "Rather
than using these gifts, you actually exploited them with personal gain."

After he was charged, Olson had focused his attention on reopening the
long-dormant Webb Hill Quarry in Fitzwilliam that he purchased in September 2011
through KMO Associates. From the start, though, that plan was met with strong
opposition from residents who vocally opposed the plan, which they believed
would open the door to mining in their backyards.

Olson tried unsuccessfully to delay the start of his prison sentence until later
this month to close a prospective $100,000 sale of previously quarried stone
from Webb Hill. McCafferty denied the request, saying it was too speculative and
provided her with no assurance that Olson's victims would benefit.

Alyssa Dandrea can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1435, or
adandrea@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @ADandreaKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160510-KN-Olson-appeals-sentence-on-tax-evasion
-charges-his-attorney-wants-out-0510-20160510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel

                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Federal Grand Jury Adds Wire Fraud and Tax Evasion Charges, as Well as New
Victims, to Fraud Case Against Orange County Attorney

LENGTH: 541  words


LOS ANGELES--An attorney who was indicted in September for allegedly stealing
several million dollars from clients was named yesterday in a new indictment
that adds additional wire fraud counts, as well as tax evasion and identity
theft charges, to the case.

Stephen Young Kang, 46, of Newport Beach, is now charged in a 30-count
superseding indictment that was returned yesterday afternoon by a federal grand
jury.

The indictment filed in United States District Court in Los Angeles charges Kang
with 22 counts of wire fraud, three counts of money laundering, two counts of
aggravated identity theft and three counts of tax evasion. The indictment also
contains forfeiture allegations that would require Kang to surrender ill-gotten
gains if he is convicted of criminal charges.

The new indictment re-alleges wire fraud and money laundering charges contained
in the original indictment, which was filed on September 1 and alleged that Kang
defrauded a corporation and a couple seeking to make investments related to
applications for EB-5 visas (see: http://go.usa.gov /3SdpJ).

The new fraud allegations concern three additional victims--including one who
came forward in response to the FBI's call for additional victims when Kang was
initially indicted--who collectively suffered losses of more than $1 million.
The three additional victims gave money to Kang for investment purposes, but the
attorney allegedly used the money for his own personal and business expenses.

The superseding indictment further alleges that Kang committed identity theft
when he used the names and forged signatures of two individuals without legal
authority during and in relation to the alleged fraud scheme.

Kang is now also charged with receiving substantial taxable income and willfully
attempting to evade paying his taxes in the years 2012 through 2014.

Kang was arrested on August 10 by special agents with the FBI and IRS--Criminal
Investigation at Los Angeles International Airport as he attempted to board a
flight to Seoul, Korea. He is currently free on a $750,000 bond.

Kang will be summoned to appear in United States District Court to be arraigned
on the superseding indictment in the near future. At present, he is scheduled to
go to trial in this case on November 3.

If convicted of the charges in the indictment, Kang faces a statutory maximum
penalty of 20 years in federal prison for each of the wire fraud charges, up to
10 years in prison for each of the money laundering offenses, five years in
prison for the each of the tax evasion charges, and a mandatory two-year
consecutive term of imprisonment for the identity theft charges.

An indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime. Every
defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty in court.

Based on the evidence in this case, investigators believe Kang may have
victimized others in locations where he practiced law or resided, including
California, Texas, and Seoul, Korea. Anyone who believes they may have been
victimized by Kang should contact the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office at (310)
477-6565.

The case against Kang is the product of an ongoing investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and IRS--Criminal Investigation. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

[Exclusive] Korea seeks US help to combat overseas tax evasion

BYLINE: By Kim Jae-won

LENGTH: 448 words


Victor Song, chief of U.S. Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI), will visit Seoul next week to discuss cooperation with Korean tax
officials in cracking down on offshore tax evasion.

According to a source in the National Tax Service (NTS), Song's visit follows
the NTS announcing its intention to track unreported capital transfers involving
companies and individuals.

The NTS has vowed to increase tax revenue by 1 trillion won by cracking down on
overseas tax evasion.

Song is scheduled to meet two assistant commissioners, who are responsible for
executing overseas initiatives, a high-ranking official of the agency said
Wednesday on condition of anonymity.

'The two assistant commissioners are responsible for international taxation and
investigation,' said the official. Park Yun-joon is in charge of the
International Taxation Bureau, while Kim Yeon-keun is head of the investigation
division.

The visit comes after the NTS unveiled its plan to get tough with large
businesses and affluent individuals who try to evade paying taxes on overseas
funds.

The U.S. is one of the most preferred destinations where Koreans'
unaccounted-for money ends up.

The NTS signed a Simultaneous Criminal Investigation Program (SCIP) agreement
with the IRS-CI in August 2010 to jointly investigate tax criminals by sharing
information on suspects and their associated parties engaging in economic
activities in both Korea and the U.S.

Song, the operations head of the SCIP, has full access to a wide range of
financial information, thus his visit is expected to help the NTS better detect
and track down criminal cases including the embezzlement of corporate funds
using U.S.-based vehicles.

The NTS detected hundreds of overseas tax evasion cases last year valued at 600
billion won ? it imposed 300 billion won in punitive and back taxes.

Song, a Korean American, joined the IRS in 1981 and became a special agent in
1983. The son of Korean immigrants has been in charge of numerous IRS-CI offices
before becoming a senior executive in 2004.

He became deputy chief in 2007, took the helm of the division in January 2010.
Song has a bachelor's degree in communications from the University of Hawaii.

Conglomerates and rich individuals have been criticized for dodging taxes using
overseas affiliates or accounts in foreign nations, respectively.

Hyosung Group is one example. The group has been under investigation by the
prosecution since 2009 over allegations that it created a slush fund through
subsidiaries in the United States. Cho Hyun-joon, president of the group and
first son of group Chairman Cho Suck-rai, allegedly used some of the money to
purchase a luxury house in California.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

HSBC linked to tax evasion charges against father and son in Florida;
Case shows how U.S. is looking beyond UBS in its investigations

BYLINE: BY LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 889 words

ABSTRACT

The arrests underscore how the U.S. authorities are investigating offshore tax
fraud by private banks other than the Swiss giant UBS, the focus of a U.S.
Justice Department crackdown.

FULL TEXT

The U.S. authorities have arrested two property developers, a father and son,
and charged them with participating in a multimillion-dollar tax evasion scheme
through a large international bank that is said to be HSBC.

The property developers - Mauricio Cohen Assor and his son, Leon Cohen-Levy -
were taken into custody in New York a day after they were jointly charged in a
criminal complaint filed in Federal District Court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida,
court papers show.

The bank was identified as HSBC by a person who had been briefed on the matter
but who spoke on condition of not being identified because the investigation was
continuing.

The arrests underscore the way the U.S. authorities are broadening their
investigation of offshore tax fraud to include private banks other than the
Swiss giant UBS, the focal point of the U.S. Justice Department's crackdown on
financial firms that sell tax evasion services.

In addition to UBS, prosecutors have been scrutinizing other Swiss institutions
and HSBC, one of the world's largest private banks, which is based in London but
has large Swiss operations.

The two developers have been embroiled in a long-running legal dispute over
their involvement with the Flatotel, a luxury apartment-style hotel in Midtown
Manhattan. They sold the hotel around 2000 for $33 million but routed the
proceeds through accounts concealed by sham entities established in Panama, the
British Virgin Islands, Liechtenstein, Switzerland and the Bahamas, court papers
show. They did not pay taxes on the sale.

From 1987 through at least 2001, the men opened various accounts in the names of
the foreign entities and shell companies and used unidentified Swiss lawyers as
signatories for some of the accounts.

The bank knew that the two men were the true owners of the accounts and
entities, court papers said, but it allowed them to pretend otherwise for tax
purposes. ''The bankers who handled the accounts knew and documented'' that
Mauricio Cohen Assor in particular was the real owner behind the entities and
accounts, the complaint said.

The complaint against the developers describes how U.S. agents used wiretaps -
an unusual move in tax cases - in 2007 to record their phone conversations with
an unidentified banker.

Both men are from Spain; Leon Cohen-Levy, who lives part of the year on Fisher
Island, Florida, became a U.S. citizen in 2003, and Mauricio Cohen Assor, of
Miami Beach, Florida, won permanent-resident status in 2005. Their lawyers could
not be reached for comment.

Court papers said that a large international bank had knowingly allowed the men
to engage in tax fraud through the bank while acquiring their citizenship and
residency papers because the bank had not required them to fill out required
disclosure forms with the Internal Revenue Service.

The men appear to have routed at least $65 million in cash and bonds through
their offshore accounts, court papers show. They used their accounts ''to fund a
luxury lifestyle for themselves and for their family members,'' including
purchases of a $188,000 Bentley and a $67,000 Dodge Viper, the complaint shows.

HSBC declined to comment.

Leon Cohen-Levy sought in recent years to build a 93-story apartment-hotel
skyscraper called Empire World Towers in downtown Miami, a project that would
have been one of the tallest residential high-rise buildings in the world.

But the deal stalled in 2008 when a New York State Supreme Court judge ruled
against him and his father over separate fraud accusations brought by a French
lender regarding the Flatotel. The judge rendered a $266 million default
judgment against the men.

Separately Thursday, the authorities charged five Americans who were former
clients of UBS with evading taxes in offshore accounts at UBS's private bank.
Two other former clients waived indictment and pleaded guilty. The group of
seven collectively evaded taxes on $100 million in assets, court papers show.

UBS paid a $780 million fine last year and admitted criminal wrongdoing in
connection with offshore tax evasion services sold to wealthy Americans through
its private bank.

The UBS clients indicted Thursday in the Southern District of New York were
Shmuel Sternfeld, of Tel Aviv; Sybil Nancy Upham, of New York; Ernest Vogliano,
of New York; Richard Werdiger, a jewel merchant from Purchase, New York; and
Kenneth Heller, a disbarred maritime lawyer in New York.

The two other former UBS clients who pleaded guilty were Federico Hernandez, a
former money manager in New York, and Jules Robbins, a watch distributor from
Jericho, New York.

The actions brought to 16 the number of American former UBS clients charged in
the Justice Department's investigation.

The UBS clients were variously accused of using sham offshore entities in Hong
Kong, Panama and elsewhere, including one entity known as Real Cool Investments,
to disguise further their ownership of the UBS accounts.

Prosecutors also accused some of them of shifting assets out of UBS to smaller
banks in Switzerland and Liechtenstein when UBS came under scrutiny in 2008 and
of carrying cash by hand into the United States from Switzerland without
declaring it.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 18, 1995, Monday

BASEBALL GIANTS SETTLE WITH IRS

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH

SECTION: News; Pg.  4

LENGTH: 460 words


Some of baseball's biggest stars have agreed to pay nearly $ 250,000 in
back-taxes, fines and interest for hiding thousands in cash fees earned at a
1989 Atlantic City autograph show from the IRS.

Charles Franssen, chief of the Internal Revenue Service criminal division's
Brooklyn office, confirmed that some players agreed to pay after admitting they
didn't report cash pocketed at a January 1989 event called Super Show I.

"Some of the players have paid fines, some are still in the process," he said,
declining to detail who paid what.

Players who paid fines or are expected to do so include former Milwaukee Braves
third baseman Eddie Mathews, ex-Baltimore Orioles star outfielder Frank Robinson
and former Phillies third baseman Mike Schmidt, according to sources familiar
with the investigation.

The late Yankees superstar Mickey Mantle who reportedly pocketed $ 57,000 at the
show paid no penalties because the feds couldn't show he deliberately did not
report the income.

Still, Mantle did pay back-taxes and interest, says his lawyer, Robert Fink.

The Atlantic City show has been under investigation since October 1989, when the
IRS realized the event's promoters, William Hongach and Michael Bertolini,
handed out huge piles of cash for a show featuring the 11 living players who'd
hit 500 home runs in their careers.

Prosecutors ultimately dragged several players before a federal grand jury in
Brooklyn. Hongach and Bertolini pleaded guilty to tax evasion last year.

Franssen confirmed that some players got immunity from prosecution after they
agreed to provide information on the lucrative baseball memorabilia industry in
general and on other players. He declined to name those who cooperated.

"Some players were granted immunity through their cooperation," he said.

Two players ex-Brooklyn Dodger Duke Snider and ex-San Francisco Giants slugger
Willie McCovey pleaded guilty to tax evasion stemming from the Atlantic City
show.

Snider who was sentenced to two years probation two weeks ago will pay the IRS
about $ 27,000. McCovey won't be sentenced until next year, but will pay about $
21,000, federal documents show.

The feds concluded that besides Snider and McCovey, eight other major league
legends failed to report more than $ 240,000 in cash pocketed at the Atlantic
City show, according to a confidential federal report obtained by the Daily
News.

But in many instances, the feds couldn't show the players intentionally
underreported their incomes.

Several players deny wrongdoing and say they made no deals to pay back the tax
man, including former Yankees slugger Reggie Jackson, ex-Atlanta Braves homerun
king Hank Aaron, and former Minnesota Twins first baseman Harmon Killebrew.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.

                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 23, 1995, Friday

NEW TAX-CHEAT CASE EYED FOR MAN CLEARED ON APPEAL

BYLINE: By BARBARA ROSS

SECTION: Suburban Pg.  1

LENGTH: 524 words



Federal prosecutors this week are trying to decide if they will appeal a
Brooklyn judge's decision overturning the conviction of a Williamsburg man on
tax-evasion charges.

U.S. District Court Judge Jack Weinstein ruled late Monday that Sam Pfeiffer, a
member of the Pupa Hasidic community, did not get a fair trial because his
attorney, Jeffrey Hoffman of Hoffman and Pollack, had a serious conflict of
interest.

Citing recent appeals court decisions, Weinstein said Hoffman should have
disclosed his conflict to the court and his client during Pfeiffer's trial in
late 1993.

While Hoffman was representing Pfeiffer, he was advising mortgage broker John
Souto on how to respond to a subpoena for records that investigators needed to
prosecute Pfeiffer.

Souto worked with Pfeiffer on a number of real estate deals in the mid-1980s.
Part of his work included preparing applications to banks for mortgages.

Pfeiffer did not discover the conflict until last summer, when with the aid of
new attorneys Judd Burstein and Michael Perle he was going through Hoffman's
files to prepare an appeal.

Weinstein vacated Pfeiffer's conviction on three counts of conspiracy, filing a
false return for 1985 and tax evasion for that year, and granted his request for
a new trial.

Marvin Smilon, a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office in Manhattan, said
prosecutors were studying Weinstein's ruling and had not decided whether to
appeal.

Perle, a Weehawken, N.J., attorney, said he was "gratified" by Weinstein's
decision, which came after several days of testimony from parties involved in
the case.

Pfeiffer's case is noteworthy because it is one of many that federal authorities
have tried to press in recent years in a bid to stop members of religious groups
from using their organizations to hide taxable income.

When Weinstein sentenced Pfeiffer to serve two years in jail last June, he said
he was trying to "send a message" to the local Hasidic and Orthodox communities
that money laundering would not be tolerated.

For years Pfeiffer has insisted that he gave the millions that he made in real
estate deals in the mid-1980s to Pupa sect communities in Borough Park and
Montreal.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Robert Cleary and his wife, Margaret Cleary, have
contended that the donations were a ruse for Pfeiffer to hide millions from the
Internal Revenue Service.

During Pfeiffer's trial, one critical document introduced by prosecutors was a
financial statement submitted to a bank that gave Pfeiffer a mortgage.

The document, like other financial statements prepared for Pfeiffer around this
time, listed his real estate holdings. However, the other statements noted that
the Borough Park Pupa community had a stake in the properties. This notation was
missing from the document prosecutors used at Pfeiffer's trial.

Perle said Hoffman's conflict prevented him from challenging the document
aggressively because the challenge could have hurt his other client, Souto.
Prosecutors said the document proved that the Pupas had no stake in Pfeiffer's
buildings and he owed taxes on the profits made when he sold them.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.

                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     October 21, 1994 Friday FINAL EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 780 words


HIGH COURT HEARS 2 SIDES

IN VETERAN-HIRING CASE

A state law giving veterans preference in being hired for state jobs was the
focus of arguments yesterday before the state Supreme Court at its chambers in
City Hall in Philadelphia.

Mark Tunnell, lawyer for Gordon Brickhouse, argued that the law makes clear that
Brickhouse, as a veteran, should have won a teaching job in 1990 in the
Spring-Ford school district in Montgomery County because he meets state
requirements to teach in public schools. Jeffrey Quinn, lawyer for the school
district, argued that to win the job teaching high school social studies,
Brickhouse needed to show that he was as qualified as other applicants.

Brickhouse, of Spring City, Chester County, now holds a job teaching computer
science at a private school in Montgomery County. A decision in the case isn't
expected for several months, Quinn said.

SIMONE PLEADS GUILTY

TO TAX-EVASION CHARGE

Robert F. Simone, a lawyer known for his high-profile defense of many of
Philadelphia's most notorious mobsters, pleaded guilty yesterday to two counts
of federal income-tax evasion, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Simone, 61, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Stewart Dalzell to 15 months in
prison on the charges, and ordered to pay $160,140 in back taxes, plus interest
and penalties. He had initially pleaded not guilty to a 12-count indictment that
was unsealed in March 1992, according to a statement by U.S. Attorney Michael R.
Stiles.

Simone pleaded guilty to evading $24,507 in 1985 taxes and $29,000 in 1989
taxes. He was acquitted in 1984 in an earlier case in which he was charged with
tax evasion. Simone also faces four years in prison for his 1992 conviction in a
failed scheme to extort $1 million from waterfront developer Willard G. Rouse in
1986.

RARE TITANIC MEMORABILIA

GOES ON VIEW AT CONFERENCE

Rare memorabilia from the RMS Titanic, the ocean liner that struck an iceberg
and sank in 1912 with a loss of more than 1,500 lives, will be displayed at 10
a.m. tomorrow during a conference of Titanic International, a nonprofit
historical society based in Freehold, N.J. The meeting will be held at the
Philadelphia Maritime Museum, 321 Chestnut St., and is open to the public.

Titanic International (TI) trustees Charles Hass and Jack Eaton, who
participated in an expedition to the Titanic, will answer questions about the
wreck. Hass and Eaton wrote the 1987 book Titanic: Triumph and Tragedy. A
nine-foot section of rope recovered from a Titanic lifeboat will be displayed at
the event, along with postcards and dozens of other ship-related items.

The conference also will delve into the 1934 fire aboard the Morro Castle that
left more than 100 passengers dead. Authors Robert McDonnell and Fred Rasmussen
will present their findings on what really happened. Their book on the tragedy,
which occurred off the coast of New Jersey, will be published next year. Tickets
to the conference are $3 for TI members, $5 for nonmembers.

PLAN TO GIVE FREE BIBLES

TO PUPILS DRAWS ACLU FIRE

The planned distribution of free Bibles in the Waynesboro elementary schools
next month has drawn criticism from some who say it violates the separation of
church and state.

The Waynesboro Area school board last week approved the giveaway by the Gideon
organization. Fifth graders will be able to pick up the Bibles Nov. 3 without
hearing the preaching of specific religious beliefs, school officials said. The
American Civil Liberties Union planned to challenge the distribution, and ACLU
legal director Stefan Presser threatened a lawsuit in federal court. "A letter
is being sent to the school board telling them to abandon the idea," Presser
said.

Bibles are offered in nearly half of Pennsylvania's 501 public school districts
although none are offered in schools themselves, a Gideon spokesman said. "We
are not mixing church with state," Gideon spokesman Harry Horst said. In a 5-3
vote, the school board called the distribution a matter of free speech rights.
Board president Leland Lemley said an "overwhelming majority" of district
residents supported it.

JURORS STILL DELIBERATING

IN THIRD PELULLO FRAUD TRIAL

A federal jury weighing fraud and racketeering charges against Leonard A.
Pelullo, a Chester County businessman, is scheduled to resume deliberations
today. The 12-member panel met for more than six hours yesterday without
reaching a verdict.

Pelullo is charged with misusing more than $2 million in funds borrowed for a
hotel restoration project in Miami in 1984. Two previous convictions were thrown
out on appeal. The trial is in its third week.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday

Neways sold to owner of Herbalife

BYLINE: By Linda Fantin and Pam Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 269 words


Posted: 12:09 PM- Days before they begin serving prison terms for tax evasion,
Thomas and Leslie Mower have sold Neways International to the San
Francisco-based owner of Herbalife.

Golden Gate Capital did not disclose the financial details behind its
acquisition of Springville-based Neways. But the private equity firm paid $685
million for Herbalife in 2002.

The Mowers said in a statement that selling the dietary supplement and personal
care company they founded in 1992 was "one of the hardest decisions of our
lives."

The couple disclosed plans to sell the company two months ago in court filings,
citing "personal differences."

The Mowers, who divorced in July 2000, came from humble beginnings but together
built one of the largest multilevel marketing companies in the world in Utah
County.

In 2005 they were convicted on six counts of tax evasion and one count of
conspiracy to defraud for concealing more than $1 million in receipts received
from Neways Australia and more than $3 million in commission income the couple
received from U.S., Australian and Malaysian distributorships.

On Sept. 14, U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball rejected the Mowers' pleas for
probation and sentenced Thomas Mower to 33 months in prison and a $75,000 fine.
His ex-wife, Dee, was ordered to spend 27 months behind bars and pay a $60,000
fine. Their prison terms begin Monday.

Kimball also sentenced James Louis Thompson, an Orem lawyer who served as
counsel for Neways from 1995 to 1997, to 366 days in prison. Thompson, now
disbarred, was found guilty of conspiracy and of corruptly impeding the due
administration of tax laws.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

LENGTH: 399 words


Reps for dockworkers urge union to OK contract

LOS ANGELES - Representatives of West Coast dockworkers are recommending that
rank-and-file union members approve a tentative contract that their leaders
reached with employers in February.

Difficult negotiations over the contract led to major disruptions of billions of
dollars of international trade at seaports from San Diego to Seattle.

A caucus of 90 International Longshore and Warehouse Union delegates voted
Friday to urge the broader membership to approve the five-year contract. Caucus
delegates met this week in San Francisco to study the offer in detail.

The union said a final count of the rank-and-file members' votes will be held
May 22.

Meanwhile, the tentative agreement restored labor peace - and the smoother flow
of cargo - on the West Coast waterfront, which handles about $1 trillion of
trade each year.

- Associated Press

Tesla new vehicle deliveries rise 55% from year ago

PALO ALTO, Calif. - Tesla's first-quarter new vehicle deliveries climbed 55
percent from a year earlier to more than 10,000 cars.

The electric vehicle maker said Friday that it has decided to report the number
of new car deliveries within three days of quarter's end going forward because
"inaccurate sources of information are sometimes used by others to project the
number of vehicle deliveries."

Tesla Motors Inc. said that the delivery figure is only one measure of its
financial performance and shouldn't be relied on as an indicator of its
quarterly financial results.

Late last month the Palo Alto, California-based company - which is led by Elon
Musk - said it would reveal a new product on April 30 but that it's not a car.

- Associated Press

Ex-UBS banker pleads guilty in tax evasion case

MIAMI - A former executive at Swiss bank UBS AG has pleaded guilty to a
conspiracy charge as part of a long-running U.S. investigation into tax evasion
using secret accounts.

Hansruedi Schumacher entered the plea Thursday before a Florida federal judge.
Schumacher is cooperating in the investigation and in return, prosecutors will
recommend a sentence of five years' probation and a $150,000 fine.

Schumacher admitted in court papers that while at UBS and a second Swiss bank
from 1995 to 2009 he helped wealthy U.S. citizens escape the Internal Revenue
Service using secret offshore accounts.

- Associated Press

Note: U.S. stock markets were closed for Good Friday.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday

Member of Cherokee Nation to be extradited

BYLINE: Michael D. Abernethy, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


March 31--GRAHAM -- A judge ordered Thursday that a man convicted of tax evasion
inUtah-- who is also a member of the Cherokee Nation of Indians -- will be
extradited to his home state.

That order to extradite Hirum Magruder "Jeb" Drane, 46, of Bear Creek Church
Road in Bear Creek, was given despite his membership in the Cherokee Nation,
which asserted in documents that North Carolina and Alamance County law had no
authority over Drane.

In a document filed March 18, Regan Dwayne Reedy, writing as a notary for the
Cherokee Nation of Indians, gave Alamance Countyand the state notice of a
"standing commercial charge of $1 million and one live eagle for ever (sic) day
the fore noted member/citizen has been detained and imprisoned."

Drane was arrested on out-of-state warrants Jan. 13.

A hand-written note attached to the March 18 letter instructed the Alamance
County Clerk of Superior Court's Office not to file the letter and to send it to
Utah with Drane.

According to court documents, Drane was convicted in May 2009 of two counts of
second-degree tax evasion and two counts of third-degree tax evasion in Salt
Lake County, Utah. He is considered a fugitive from justice by the Utah State
Attorney General's Office.

Following his January arrest by Alamance County deputies, a dispute over the
validity of those out-of-state warrants arose, court documents showed.

On Feb. 20, Gov. Bev Perdue issued an out-of-state warrant and ordered that
Drane be held without bond.

In the March 18 letter, the Cherokee Nation responded that Drane "has immunity
from state/county statutes" as a member of the sovereignCherokee Nation.

After hearing the arguments of the state and defense counsel,Superior Court
Judge Wayne Abernathy ruled Thursday that Drane had admitted his identity in
open court, was known to be a fugitive and should be extradited to Utah.

Drane will remain in the Alamance County jail until officials from Utah arrive
to take him into custody.

___ (c)2012 Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) Visit Times-News (Burlington, N.C.) at
www.thetimesnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120331-BT-Member-of-Cherokee-Nation-to-be-extradited-0331-20120331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2012 Times-News

                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday

Money Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 502 words


COLUMN: Money Briefs

CEO at HP resigns

Hewlett-Packard Co.'s Mark Hurd resigned as chief executive officer after an
investigation found he had a personal relationship with a contractor who
received numerous inappropriate payments from the company.

Chief Financial Officer Cathie Lesjak, 51, will take over as interim CEO. While
an investigation didn't find a violation of the company's sexual-harassment
policy, Hurd "demonstrated a profound lack of judgment that seriously undermined
his credibility and damaged his effectiveness in leading HP," General Counsel
Michael Holston said. The shares plunged 9.3 percent in late trading after the
announcement.

The departure leaves Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest maker of personal
computers and printers, in search of a new CEO and chairman after more than five
years under Hurd. On his watch, the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company regained
leadership in the PC market from Dell Inc. and used acquisitions to expand into
new areas, such as computer services.

HP purchased 3Com Corp in Marlboro earlier this year.

Conviction in tax case

BOSTON - Thomas Rickaby, 51, of North Brookfield, was convicted in federal court
yesterday of two counts of federal tax evasion.

Mr. Rickaby pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Patti B. Saris to two
counts of income tax evasion. The government said Mr. Rickaby failed to file
federal tax returns for calendar years 1996 through 2005 and that the Internal
Revenue Service served him with notices of delinquencies.

The evidence also said he subscribed to services offered by entities called
Business Management Systems and Contract America Ltd. to unlawfully conceal his
income and assets from the IRS. Judge Saris scheduled sentencing for Nov. 4. Mr.
Rickaby faces up to 5 years imprisonment, to be followed by 3 years of
supervised release and a $100,000 fine on each count, together with payment of
the costs of prosecution.

The U.S. Attorney's office alleged Business Management Systems was formed by two
former Uxbridge residents to create trusts, limited partnerships and
corporations to conceal ownership and control of income and assets. Those
individuals, Scott Dion and Catherine Floyd, were indicted by a federal grand
jury on charges of conspiracy to defraud the IRS.

Blockbuster may file

Blockbuster Inc. will probably receive a one-month reprieve from creditors next
week so the video-rental chain can prepare for a possible bankruptcy filing in
September, three people with knowledge of the matter said.

Lenders are pushing for a pre-packaged bankruptcy in exchange for the 30-day
extension on debt repayment, said the people, who declined to be identified.
Blockbuster is said to be reaching out to companies about buying assets.

Bondholders agreed last month to let Dallas-based Blockbuster defer the interest
and principal on senior secured notes until Aug. 13. The company has lost about
$1 billion during the past three years on competition from Netflix Inc.'s
subscription service and Coinstar Inc.'s Redbox DVD machines.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hewlett-Packard Co.'s Mark Hurd resigned as chief executive officer
after an investigation found he had a personal relationship with a contractor
who received numerous inappropriate payments from the company.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Money Briefs

SECTION: MONEY; Money Briefs; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 499 words


CEO at HP resigns

Hewlett-Packard Co.'s Mark Hurd resigned as chief executive officer after an
investigation found he had a personal relationship with a contractor who
received numerous inappropriate payments from the company.

Chief Financial Officer Cathie Lesjak, 51, will take over as interim CEO. While
an investigation didn't find a violation of the company's sexual-harassment
policy, Hurd "demonstrated a profound lack of judgment that seriously undermined
his credibility and damaged his effectiveness in leading HP," General Counsel
Michael Holston said. The shares plunged 9.3 percent in late trading after the
announcement.

The departure leaves Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest maker of personal
computers and printers, in search of a new CEO and chairman after more than five
years under Hurd. On his watch, the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company regained
leadership in the PC market from Dell Inc. and used acquisitions to expand into
new areas, such as computer services.

HP purchased 3Com Corp in Marlboro earlier this year.

Conviction in tax case

BOSTON - Thomas Rickaby, 51, of North Brookfield, was convicted in federal court
yesterday of two counts of federal tax evasion.

Mr. Rickaby pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Patti B. Saris to two
counts of income tax evasion. The government said Mr. Rickaby failed to file
federal tax returns for calendar years 1996 through 2005 and that the Internal
Revenue Service served him with notices of delinquencies.

The evidence also said he subscribed to services offered by entities called
Business Management Systems and Contract America Ltd. to unlawfully conceal his
income and assets from the IRS. Judge Saris scheduled sentencing for Nov. 4. Mr.
Rickaby faces up to 5 years imprisonment, to be followed by 3 years of
supervised release and a $100,000 fine on each count, together with payment of
the costs of prosecution.

The U.S. Attorney's office alleged Business Management Systems was formed by two
former Uxbridge residents to create trusts, limited partnerships and
corporations to conceal ownership and control of income and assets. Those
individuals, Scott Dion and Catherine Floyd, were indicted by a federal grand
jury on charges of conspiracy to defraud the IRS.

Blockbuster may file

Blockbuster Inc. will probably receive a one-month reprieve from creditors next
week so the video-rental chain can prepare for a possible bankruptcy filing in
September, three people with knowledge of the matter said.

Lenders are pushing for a pre-packaged bankruptcy in exchange for the 30-day
extension on debt repayment, said the people, who declined to be identified.
Blockbuster is said to be reaching out to companies about buying assets.

Bondholders agreed last month to let Dallas-based Blockbuster defer the interest
and principal on senior secured notes until Aug. 13. The company has lost about
$1 billion during the past three years on competition from Netflix Inc.'s
subscription service and Coinstar Inc.'s Redbox DVD machines.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 12, 2010 Monday

IRS warns of scams as 3 Utahns face criminal charges

BYLINE: Emiley Morgan Deseret News

LENGTH: 398 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? Three Utahns face criminal proceedings in an alleged tax scam,
and with the income tax filing deadline fast approaching, the IRS is telling
residents to beware of other schemes. Calling them the "dirty dozen" tax scams,
the IRS warned taxpayers to watch for things like tax return preparer fraud,
filing false or misleading forms, and making "unreasonable and outlandish
claims" to avoid paying taxes.

IRS spokesman Ron Marker said return preparer fraud is the most common scam and
people who use such a service should be diligent about whom they hire. "Some
people think (hiring someone) insulates them, but your name is still on that
document," he said. "If you go to a return preparer and they ask you what kind
of return you're looking for, that's unscrupulous." This week, Provo-based tax
return preparer Ruben Uribe was indicted on 27 counts of aiding and assisting in
the preparation of false tax returns. He allegedly told taxpayers to put false
information on their tax forms that resulted in them paying less than they owed.
Prosecutors say he ran the scam from 2005 through 2008. Uribe faces a penalty of
up to three years in prison for each of the counts. Charges also were filed
against John Kelly Christensen accusing him of tax evasion and failure to file a
tax returns in 2003, 2004 and 2005 and using a horse stable business he owned to
avoid paying taxes in those years. The indictment states Christensen transferred
funds to accounts linked to his children and other companies he held to avoid
disclosing his full income. He faces a maximum penalty of up to five years in
federal prison for the tax evasion charges and up to one year for each of the
three counts of failure to file a tax return. Tuesday, Ogden certified public
accountant Bradley Folsom pleaded guilty in federal court to one count of filing
a false income tax return for telling a client and the client's brother to
invest in Antelope Oil and Gas LP, which Folsom said was an oil and gas research
and development company, court documents state. Folsom told the pair they would
receive a tax break as a result of the investment, prompting them to invest
$735,400. Prosecutors say Folsom used the money it to buy a home in St. George
and pay personal expenses. Court documents state that Folsom then failed to list
the money as income on his income tax return. e-mail: emorgan@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               July 25, 2002 Thursday Illinois Five Star Edition

LAW & ORDER

SECTION: METRO ; Law & Order Column; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 651 words


ST. LOUIS

Man, 73, pleads guilty of felonies in plan to distribute crack cocaine

A man, 73, pleaded guilty Wednesday on two felony counts of possession with
intent to distribute crack, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Phillip Matthew Moore, of the 3200 block of Delor Street in St. Louis, entered
his plea in U.S. District Court.

Police seized 114.4 grams of crack from Moore's home in February, and Moore
admitted in court Wednesday that he intended to distribute it, the U.S.
attorney's office said. Sentencing is set for Oct. 9. He faces a maximum penalty
of life in prison, prosecutors said.

BROOKLYN

St. Louis man is charged in killing of 18-year-old

A St. Louis man was charged Wednesday with fatally shooting a Brooklyn man, 18.

David E. Robinson, 38, of the 1100 block of Newhouse Avenue, is accused of
shooting Deandre M. Randolph in the chest as the two quarreled Monday outside a
house in the 5900 block of Madison Avenue in Brooklyn.

Robinson, who was charged with first-degree murder, is being held at St. Clair
County jail on $500,000 bail.

ST. LOUIS

Lawyer admits tax evasion, lying in bankruptcy

Richard E. Gray, 57, a New York lawyer and former chairman of HomeStar
Industries of Fenton, pleaded guilty here Wednesday to charges of tax evasion
and making false statements in a bankruptcy.

Gray admitted in U.S. District Court in St. Louis that he lied after HomeStar
filed for bankruptcy in 1997 and that he evaded paying taxes totaling $370,927
from 1984 through 1987, the U.S. attorney's office said.

Gray admitted that he diverted from HomeStar $1 million in insurance proceeds
from the death of its former owner, then lied about it, the U.S. attorney's
office said.

Each count carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a fine of up to
$250,000. U.S. District Judge Jean Hamilton is set to sentence Gray on Oct. 18.

ST. LOUIS COUNTY

Carjacker, 31, gets 15-year prison term

Scott Saulsberry was sentenced Tuesday in St. Louis County Circuit Court to 15
years in prison for carjacking a 70-year-old woman's vehicle on the parking lot
of a Krispy Kreme Doughnuts in Fenton last year.

Saulsberry, 31, of High Ridge, pleaded guilty of second-degree robbery.

Saulsberry admitted that on Nov. 6, he confronted the woman at the parking lot
on Bowles Avenue in St. Louis County, grabbed her keys, pushed her aside and
drove off.

UNIVERSITY CITY

Jury convicts man of assault in stabbing

A jury in St. Louis County Circuit Court on Wednesday convicted Lajaun Hayes of
first-degree assault and armed criminal action for stabbing Rodger Whitley in
University City last August.

The jury recommended sentences of 25 years for the assault and five years for
the weapons violation. Judge Colleen Dolan set sentencing for Sept. 13.

Prosecutor Joe Dueker said Hayes stabbed Whitney, 45, of St. Louis, more than a
dozen times after a quarrel over drugs.

WENTZVILLE

Anthrax prank results in guilty verdict, probation

A man who played a post-Sept. 11 practical joke by placing powdered sweetener
inside a co-worker's newspaper was found guilty Wednesday of attempted assault,
a misdemeanor, and sentenced to one year's probation and 20 hours of community
service.

Melvin Hill, 47, played the practical joke in October at the General Motors
plant in Wentzville, where he worked. The newspaper, which Hill had rigged with
the sweetener meant to look like anthrax, was meant for his best friend and
co-worker, Jamal Coley. But another worker picked up the newspaper instead,
startling him and prompting authorities to come to the plant and inspect the
powder.

St. Charles County Circuit Court Associate Judge Terry Cundiff read his verdict
and sentence to Hill as Coley sat in the courtroom. Coley has stood by his
friend since the prank, and both said they were surprised by the judge's
verdict.

Hill's lawyer, Todd Ryan, plans to appeal.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 2, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Hubbell Hope Of Pardon Seen By Investigators

BYLINE: By STEPHEN LABATON

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1352 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 1


As Webster L. Hubbell sat in prison six days before the last Presidential
election, he and his lawyers worked frantically to amend old tax returns that
had significantly understated his income, in part, investigators now suspect, to
make him an attractive candidate for a Presidential pardon.

"There is some chance that the day after Election Day they will make a move that
moots everything," Mr. Hubbell's lawyer, John Nields, told his client over one
of the prison telephones routinely recorded by the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
"And I don't want to discourage it."

"I would like to make a record of complete and unvarnished forthrightness at
every step of the way," Mr. Nields said in this conversation.

Although Mr. Nields did not actually use the word "pardon," his comments were
taken by investigators to mean that there was a hope that by cleaning up Mr.
Hubbell's finances, President Clinton might be more willing to grant a pardon,
the investigators said.

There seemed to be no other way out for Mr. Hubbell. Prosecutors were bearing
down on him a second time, for possible tax evasion and for taking money from
Clinton supporters while maintaining his silence on Whitewater-related issues.

President Clinton said on Thursday that there had been no talk about pardons for
any of his friends caught up in the Whitewater investigation. Jim Kennedy, a
special adviser to the White House counsel, said Mr. Hubbell's conversations
were disclosed today by Republican lawmakers in transcripts that were
selectively edited and could be misleading.  Excerpts, page A9.

Mr. Nields declined to comment on his conversations with Mr. Hubbell, who was
charged on Thursday with tax evasion, conspiracy and fraud. Mr. Hubbell served
18 months in prison for bilking his former clients and law partners in Arkansas
of more than $400,000. Legal experts say it is unusual for a person to be
prosecuted for the crimes with which Mr. Hubbell was charged on Thursday.
Article, page A9.

Mr. Hubbell's conversation with Mr. Nields at a Federal prison in Cumberland,
Md., on Oct. 30, 1996, was one of dozens Mr. Hubbell had with his lawyers,
family and friends that were transcribed and released today by the House
Government Reform and Oversight Committee, along with some of the recordings
themselves. Some of the tapes were also played to Hillary Rodham Clinton last
Saturday during her interrogation by prosecutors from the office of Kenneth W.
Starr, the Whitewater independent counsel.

Transcripts of the conversations, held throughout 1996, portray Mr. Hubbell as a
fierce loyalist to the Clintons. He repeatedly insists that he will never
disclose all he knows about the Clintons, wonders where he and his wife will
find income to meet their crushing debt, and looks to Clinton friends for future
jobs. The transcripts show that Mr. Hubbell was aware at times that his
conversations were being recorded, but give no clue to why his comments were so
unguarded. Bureau of Prisons officials said Mr. Hubbell could have asked to have
his conversations with his lawyer kept private. While such tapes are frequently
used by law enforcement authorities, legal experts said today that it was
uncommon for such tapes to be publicly released.

Democrats in Congress and a top lawyer to the Clintons today expressed outrage
about the decision by the committee's Republican chairman, Representative Dan
Burton of Indiana, to release what they said were private conversations.

"It offends my sense of fair play and decency that the chairman would release
such personal information relating to intimate conversations that Webb Hubbell
would have with his wife and personal friends about subjects that have nothing
to do with our investigation," said Representative Henry A. Waxman of
California, the committee's ranking Democrat.

Mr. Waxman also said the Republicans had disclosed highly selective portions of
the tapes and failed to release other tapes that would be favorable to Mr.
Hubbell.

The Clintons' lawyer, David E. Kendall, called the release of the tapes part of
a "Starr-Gingrich leak-a-thon."

"What a coincidence!" Mr. Kendall said. "The independent counsel plays this tape
at Mrs. Clinton's deposition on Saturday and then five days later House
partisans leak it to the press."

But Republican investigators said that they had obtained the tapes last summer
after issuing a subpoena to the Bureau of Prisons as part of their investigation
into whether Mr. Hubbell received hush money from close Clinton supporters to
insure his silence on Whitewater-related issues.

"These are serious allegations," Kevin Binger, the committee's staff director,
said of the inquiry into Mr. Hubbell's finances. "The chairman and members of
the committee felt strongly that the American people have a right to know what
happened." He said that the committee staff had edited the transcripts only to
remove any personal matters.

Talking about himself in the third person, Mr. Hubbell, told his wife on March
25, 1996, "He has been the most loyal friend they've ever had, and he will
continue to do so. He's not where he is because he hasn't been. And he doesn't
intend on changing."

Also that day, his wife tried to discourage him from countersuing his former law
firm, where he was a partner with Mrs. Clinton. The firm had sued him after he
acknowledged embezzling.

Mrs. Hubbell, who has a political patronage job at the Interior Department, told
her husband that a counterclaim would be ill-advised. Concerns about a possible
suit, Mrs. Hubbell told her husband, had been voiced by Marsha Scott, a White
House official and longtime aide to the Clintons, particularly because it could
make Mrs. Clinton vulnerable.

Later in the conversation, Mrs. Hubbell said, "I got the distinct impression
that Marsha was using the old squeeze play on us and it hurt."

Mr. Hubbell told his wife that he "will not raise those allegations that might
open it up to Hillary. And you know that. I told you that."

Mrs. Hubbell replied, "Yes. Then I get all this back from Marsha who is
ratcheting it up and making it sound like if Webb goes ahead and sues the firm,
then any support I have at the White House is gone. I'm hearing the squeeze
play."

"So," Mr. Hubbell responded. "I need to roll over one more time."

In a conversation later that day with Ms. Scott, Mr. Hubbell mentioned that his
wife was worried about her job even though he has remained loyal.

"Have I ever been disloyal?" he asked Ms. Scott.

"Oh, God no." she replied.

"And I am not going to be. The other thing, Marsha, is that Suzy has realized
for one thing how important her job is. She worries that she is at risk."

"How does she feel at risk?"

"Something you said to her did make her feel that way."

"Really?"

"Yeah. That she was at risk and she would lose her support at the White House if
I fought it."

"We weren't even talking about that."

"Well, maybe something else said that to her. But see, I think that is where----
"

"What I said was that no one is going to support a public trial on this. You
know that. No one wants that."

At a different point, Mr. Hubbell's wife asked him if he may have overbilled
some clients.

"Yes, I did," Mr. Hubbell replied. "So does every lawyer in the country."

"That would be one thing that you would look into the firm for," Mrs. Hubbell
replied.

"Suzy, you are getting ahead."

"No, I am just thinking out loud," Mrs. Hubbell said. "That's an area where
Hillary would be vulnerable. Not unless she overbilled by time, right?"

"No, you are talking and not listening," Mr. Hubbell said. "We are on a recorded
phone. So I am trying to explain."

Mr. Hubbell also repeatedly talked to friends and lawyers about keeping quiet
about a number of highly sensitive issues, such as why he received $100,000 in
1994 from a prominent Indonesian family with close ties to the President. "I
talked to Suzy a little bit last night," he told one lawyer. "And I just had to
say, 'Suzy, there's a reason why we're not going to say anything and my own
reaction is not to say a word about anything."

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Webster L. Hubbell and his wife, Suzanna, leaving their
Washington home yesterday, a day after both were indicted on tax charges.
(Reuters)(pg. A9)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company

                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Ecuador revives campaign for UN tax body

LENGTH: 1053  words


The Republic of Ecuador, currently chair of the largest single coalition of
developing countries at the United Nations, is reviving a longstanding campaign
for the creation of an inter-governmental UN tax body and the elimination of tax
havens and illicit financial flows.

Practicing what it preaches, Ecuador says it is the world's first country to
hold a nation-wide referendum on tax havens, scheduled to take place on February
19, IPS wrote.

Addressing a meeting of the 134-member Group of 77 (G77) on January 13,
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa, who was anointed the new G77 chair for 2017,
said "illegitimate wealth mostly affected the world's poorer nations".

"There should be more knowledge havens and less tax havens," he said, at a
formal handover ceremony of the chairmanship, from Thailand to Ecuador.

Meanwhile, speaking at a civil society panel discussion in Washington DC on
January 12, Guillaume Long, Ecuador's minister of foreign affairs, said Ecuador,
in an unprecedented move, would let the people decide, pointing out that "the
struggle against tax havens is a global struggle.

"We need a UN tax body to ensure tax justice. Ecuador will unite with all those
fighting this battle - states and civil society."

The referendum, known as the 'ethical pact', will ask "Do you agree that, for
those holding a popularly elected office or for public servants, there should be
a prohibition on holding assets or capital, of any nature, in tax havens?"

Public servants and elected officials will be given a year to repatriate their
capital or be removed from office or their post.

At the panel discussion, several US-based non-governmental organizations (NGOs)
commended the new G77 chair, for leading a campaign both for the elimination of
tax havens and the creation of a new UN tax body.

The proposal for a UN tax body has already been shot down twice by Western
nations, first, at the Financing for Development (FfD) conference in Addis Ababa
in July 2015, and also at the 14th session of the UN Conference on Trade and
Development (UNCTAD 14) in Nairobi in August last year.

Asked about the feasibility of the proposal against Western opposition, Eric
LeCompte, executive director of the Jubilee USA Network, one of NGOs backing the
proposal, told IPS: "In just a few years we've seen almost universal
acknowledgment of the problems of tax avoidance, tax evasion and corruption."

"At the same time, we do see clear opposition from many wealthy countries on the
idea of a global tax body as part of a solution".

For this to be successful, he pointed out, there needs to be some re-envisioning
of the proposal from the Addis Ababa conference. He said the G77 could also
engage in bilateral agreements to move this forward.

"While the United Nations tries to operate by consensus, we could also see
countries force a vote at the United Nations. While a vote would likely be
successful under this method, without some re-envisioning of the concept, we'd
likely see many wealthy countries refuse to participate in the process," he
warned.

Asked if Ecuador will be able to pull it off?, LeCompte said: "Ecuador seems to
be operating out of a G77 consensus on these issues. Since the Financing for
Development meetings in Addis Ababa, we've seen G77 countries like Ecuador
strengthen their support for these efforts."

The original proposal by the G77 called for the establishment of a standing
intergovernmental group of experts to address tax issues, including
international tax issues, and to assist countries better mobilize and employ
fiscal revenues.

This includes international initiatives to counter tax avoidance and tax evasion
, as well as strengthening the capabilities of developing countries to address
tax avoidance and tax evasion practices.

In Africa alone, the estimated resources leaving the continent, in the form of
illicit financial transfers, was nearly $530 billion between 2002 and 2012,
according to UNCTAD.

The three key causes of illicit financial outflows are largely commercial tax
evasion, government corruption and criminal activity, including money
laundering.

Addressing the NGOs, the Ecuadorean Foreign Minister said: "Our government has
introduced very redistributive policies in the most unequal continent on earth.
Our priority is to fight inequality which is the cause of most of problems we
face."

He pointed out that Ecuador has seen big improvements in living standards over
the last decade due to major economic reforms, including a tripling of tax takes
achieved overwhelmingly by collecting taxes, not by raising them.

"This has become an important source of investment in public services. The next
stage in this battle for a fair economy is against tax havens"

"Tax havens are a real ethical problem. For example, while Ecuadorian migrants
loyally work long hours to send remittances to Ecuador, an elite section of the
population siphons billions of dollars back out of the country to tax havens,"
he noted.

The Washington DC panel discussion was co-sponsored by several NGOs, including
Jubilee USA, Center for Economic and Policy Research, Center of Concern, FACT
Coalition, Financial Transparency Coalition, Latindadd, Global Alliance for Tax
Justice Network, Public Citizen, the Latin American and Caribbean Tax Justice
Network.

The topic under discussion was titled: "Tax Avoidance, Illicit Financial Flows
and Global Development: A Call for a United Nations Tax Body".

According to a press release, several experts, including Eric LeCompte, Jubilee
USA; Mark Weisbrot, Center for Economic and Policy Research; Elise Bean, former
staff director and chief counsel of the US Senate Permanent Subcommittee on
Investigations; Aldo Caliari, Center of Concern; and Clark Gascoigne, FACT
Coalition gave their support to the Ecuadorean initiatives on tax havens.

The event moderator Eric LeCompte, director of Jubilee USA, told the panel
discussion: "This conversation today comes at a critical moment. Due to tax
evasion and corruption the developing world loses more than a trillion dollars a
year because of tax evasion and corruption."

"These tax issues are a global problem and require a global solution. Addressing
tax havens is like a carnival game of whack-a-mole. You deal with problem in one
place and it pops up in another."

*Thalif Deen is a senior consulting editor at IPS news agency.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2017 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved

                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Hoffman files for bankruptcy again

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 289 words



HIGHLIGHT: The convicted fraudster provided few details in his initial petition.



First came the plea, now comes the bankruptcy.

Jim Hoffman pleaded guilty last month in Minneapolis to federal fraud charges of
bilking more than $5 million from mortgage lenders. On Thursday, he filed a
Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition seeking to liquidate personal debts of between
$50,000 and $100,000.

It's Hoffman's third personal bankruptcy filing since 1986.

In his filings, Hoffman says he has not been employed in the preceding 60 days,
though federal investigators alleged in January court filings that he had raised
about $400,000 for a business development in Muscatine, Iowa. The FBI alleged
that Hoffman spent nearly all of that money on personal expenses, including a
$6,500-a-month rental home in Stillwater.

Hoffman pleaded guilty in February to one count of money laundering and one
count of tax evasion in an agreement that spares his 24-year-old son, Benjamin,
from facing criminal charges related to the Muscatine deal. Hoffman's wife,
Teresa, pleaded guilty to a single count of tax evasion as part of the
agreement.

According to his bankruptcy petition, Hoffman owes money to fewer than 50
creditors, but the petition does not include detailed schedules itemizing those
debts. His bankruptcy attorney, Michael Pepin, called the petition an
"emergency" filing.

"I can't really divulge much about the particulars," Pepin said. "It's not
fleshed out yet."

In January, the Star Tribune reported about complaints and fraud allegations
against Hoffman going back three decades, though none resulted in criminal
charges until he was indicted in October.

Hoffman's bankruptcy filing, which is incomplete, doesn't address nearly $2
million in Minnesota court judgments levied against the Hoffmans since 2006.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Attorney sentenced for tax evasion

BYLINE: ABBY SIMONS; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 421 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sam McCloud admitted hiding nearly $600,000 from the IRS. He got 18
months.


Attorney Sam McCloud, known for his outsized personality and his ability to get
clients and himself out of legal jams, showed little of his trademark brashness
in federal court in Minneapolis on Thursday as he quietly accepted an 18-month
prison sentence for tax evasion.

McCloud, 68, of Shakopee, wearing a dark suit, his white hair flowing to his
shoulders, opted to say nothing to U.S. District Judge Patrick Schiltz before he
was sentenced.

His attorney, Ryan Garry, told the judge that his client, a father of 10 who for
37 years has fought for clients and worked for free on nearly all of the 150
appeals he argued, is remorseful for failing to report nearly $600,000 in income
from 2004 to 2006.

McCloud pleaded guilty in December to a single count of felony tax evasion.

Garry asked for five years probation instead of the 24- to 30-month sentence
recommended by guidelines. Garry, in a 61-page memo to the court, sketched
details of McCloud's life, including a stay in an orphanage, five failed
marriages, an esteemed career as a legal trailblazer, and the looming home
foreclosure that Garry said led McCloud to commit his crime.

Garry told Schiltz that the humiliation McCloud feels has been a punishment of
its own.

"He's a legend that has fallen, but he will once again rise," Garry said. "He
will win the respect of his family and colleagues once again."

The sentence includes two years of supervised release after confinement. McCloud
also was ordered to pay back taxes, with interest, to the government.

Schiltz said the responsibility McCloud took for his crime merited a slightly
shorter sentence than recommended, but he added that he wouldn't spare the
lawyer from prison.

Schiltz said tax evasion is an underpunished crime that makes taxpayers cynical
and threatens the country's stability.

"If he controlled his gambling and lived more modestly, perhaps he wouldn't be
in this position," the judge said. "And because he is an officer of the court,
it makes the crime worse."

McCloud was allowed to remain free until July 5, when he must report to federal
prison, likely in Duluth. He and Garry declined to comment afterward.

McCloud was convicted of fleeing a police officer in 1996 and fifth-degree
assault on three separate occasions since 2002.

He was charged in 2007 with illegally possessing hydrocodone pills. He claimed
his ex-wife, who tipped off authorities, mailed him the pills in an effort to
frame him. A judge threw out the case. A DWI charge against him in 2009 also was
dismissed.

Abby Simons - 612-673-4921

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

HSBC linked to tax evasion charges against father and son in Florida;
Case shows how U.S. is looking beyond UBS in its investigations

BYLINE: BY LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 888 words

ABSTRACT

The arrests underscore how the U.S. authorities are investigating offshore tax
fraud by private banks other than the Swiss giant UBS, the focus of a U.S.
Justice Department crackdown.

FULL TEXT

The U.S. authorities have arrested two property developers, a father and son,
and charged them with participating in a multimillion-dollar tax evasion scheme
through a large international bank that is said to be HSBC.

The property developers - Mauricio Cohen Assor and his son, Leon Cohen-Levy -
were taken into custody in New York a day after they were jointly charged in a
criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida,
court papers show.

The bank was identified as HSBC by a person who had been briefed on the matter
but who spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was
continuing.

The arrests underscore the way the U.S. authorities are broadening their
investigation of offshore tax fraud to include private banks other than the
Swiss giant UBS, the focal point of the U.S. Justice Department's crackdown on
financial companies that sell tax evasion services.

In addition to UBS, prosecutors have been scrutinizing other Swiss institutions
and HSBC, one of the world's largest private banks, which is based in London but
has large Swiss operations.

The two developers have been embroiled in a long-running legal dispute over
their involvement with the Flatotel, a luxury apartment-style hotel in the
Manhattan borough of New York. They sold the hotel around 2000 for $33 million
but routed the proceeds through accounts concealed by sham entities established
in Panama, the British Virgin Islands, Liechtenstein, Switzerland and the
Bahamas, court papers show. They did not pay taxes on the sale.

From 1987 through at least 2001, the men opened various accounts in the names of
the foreign entities and shell companies and used unidentified Swiss lawyers as
signatories for some of the accounts.

The bank knew that the two men were the true owners of the accounts and
entities, court papers said, but it allowed them to pretend otherwise for tax
purposes. ''The bankers who handled the accounts knew and documented'' that Mr.
Cohen Assor in particular was the real owner behind the entities and accounts,
the complaint said.

The complaint against the developers describes how U.S. agents used wiretaps -
an unusual move in tax cases - in 2007 to record their phone conversations with
an unidentified banker.

Both men are from Spain; Mr. Cohen-Levy, who lives part of the year on Fisher
Island, Florida, became a U.S. citizen in 2003, and Mr. Cohen Assor, of Miami
Beach, Florida, won permanent-resident status in 2005. Their lawyers could not
be reached for comment.

Court papers said that a large international bank had knowingly allowed the men
to engage in tax fraud through the bank while acquiring their citizenship and
residency papers because the bank had not required them to fill out required
disclosure forms with the Internal Revenue Service.

The men appear to have routed at least $65 million in cash and bonds through
their offshore accounts, court papers show. They used their accounts ''to fund a
luxury lifestyle for themselves and for their family members,'' including
purchases of a $188,000 Bentley and a $67,000 Dodge Viper, the complaint shows.

HSBC declined to comment.

Mr. Cohen-Levy sought in recent years to build a 93-story apartment-hotel
skyscraper called Empire World Towers in downtown Miami, a project that would
have been one of the tallest residential high-rise buildings in the world.

But the deal stalled in 2008 when a New York State Supreme Court judge ruled
against him and his father over separate fraud accusations brought by a French
lender regarding the Flatotel. The judge rendered a $266 million default
judgment against the men.

Separately Thursday, the authorities charged five Americans who were former
clients of UBS with evading taxes in offshore accounts at UBS's private bank.
Two other former clients waived indictment and pleaded guilty. The group of
seven collectively evaded taxes on $100 million in assets, court papers show.

UBS paid a $780 million fine last year and admitted criminal wrongdoing in
connection with offshore tax evasion services sold to wealthy Americans through
its private bank.

The UBS clients indicted Thursday in New York were Shmuel Sternfeld, of Tel
Aviv; Sybil Nancy Upham, of New York; Ernest Vogliano, of New York; Richard
Werdiger, a jewel merchant from Purchase, New York; and Kenneth Heller, a
disbarred maritime lawyer in New York.

The two other former UBS clients who pleaded guilty were Federico Hernandez, a
former money manager in New York, and Jules Robbins, a watch distributor from
Jericho, New York.

The actions brought to 16 the number of American former UBS clients charged in
the Justice Department's investigation.

The UBS clients were variously accused of using sham offshore entities in Hong
Kong, Panama and elsewhere, including one entity known as Real Cool Investments,
to disguise further their ownership of the UBS accounts.

Prosecutors also accused some of the clients of shifting assets out of UBS to
smaller banks in Switzerland and Liechtenstein when they learned that UBS came
under scrutiny in 2008 and of carrying cash by hand into the United States from
Switzerland without declaring it.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 3, 2007 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Tax-protesting CEO's fugitive life is over;
In Florida, federal authorities found Comtrol founder Robert Beale, a Minnesota
tax resister who skipped bail during his trial in 2006.

BYLINE: David Phelps, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 552 words


Tax protester Robert Beale's 14 months on the lam from federal authorities ended
Thursday in the parking lot of an Office Depot in Orlando, Fla.

Beale, a former technology company head, had engaged in running battles with the
IRS and the Minnesota Revenue Department, citing God, the U.S. Constitution and
tyrannical political societies for his refusal to pay taxes. He became
Minnesota's most famous tax resister when he skipped bail on the eve of his tax
evasion trial in August 2006.

Until this week, Beale was able to keep ahead of the federal authorities
searching for him, although he had a close call shortly after he went into
hiding when he dashed from a mobile home in rural western Wisconsin just hours
before agents descended on the location.

Beale, 64, accused of failing to pay taxes on more than $5.6 million in personal
income, remained in custody Friday in Florida. He is awaiting hearings on bail
and his removal to Minnesota.

While Beale was gone, prosecutors added another charge against him - failure to
appear.

Beale was arrested without incident Thursday by members of the fugitive task
force of the U.S. Marshals Service in Florida.

Acting on intelligence developed by U.S. marshals in Minnesota, deputies staked
out an Orlando residence. On Thursday morning they watched Beale as he left the
house, got in a car and drove to an Office Depot, where deputies arrested him.

Beale was carrying identification cards and a fake passport in the name of
Robert Johnson, said Deputy U.S. Marshal John Murphy. He would not say how long
Beale may have been at that Orlando residence or whether Beale owned the
property.

Beale was founder and chief executive of Comtrol Corp. of Maple Grove, a
successful computer parts company that now has a new owner. The company employs
60 workers and has annual revenue of $20 million to $25 million.

In 2000, while at Comtrol, Beale changed his employment status from "employee"
to "consultant" and billed the company under the name of a shell corporation,
the government contends. The shell was a "pass-through" device that allowed
Beale to collect his salary through 2004 without reporting it to the IRS,
according to prosecutors.

Earlier this year, Comtrol's president and chief operating officer, Lee Stagni,
was sentenced to three years and seven months in prison for tax evasion and for
aiding and abetting Beale.

An engineer and graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Beale
faces a maximum of five years in prison for one count of conspiracy to defraud
the United States, five counts of tax evasion and one count of failure to appear
for his trial in federal court.

Dan Scott, Beale's attorney at the time of the 2006 trial and a former federal
public defender, said it will take about three to six weeks to transfer Beale
back to Minnesota because of limits to the government's transportation system
for prisoners.

Scott has represented clients who have jumped bail before, but said few
defendants go that far.

"Forty-nine out of 50 will show up," Scott said.

Scott said he realized Beale would not show for his trial about half an hour
before the case was to begin when Beale's family was in the courtroom but Beale
was not.

"That was quite a surprise," Scott said. "Here was a businessman who owned a
very successful company."

David Phelps - 612-673-7269

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 24, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Clinton Grants 37 Pardons

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 653 words



The 37 people President Clinton pardoned yesterday:


* Meredith Marcus Appleton II, Oklahoma, 1990, conspiracy to possess with intent
to distribute cocaine and to distribute cocaine.


* Steven Laurence Barnett, California, 1987, misapplication of bank funds and
aiding and abetting the same.


* Russell Carl Clifton, California, 1977, transmission of a false distress
signal.


* Albert McMullen Cox, Georgia, 1987, bribery of a public official.


* Bernard Earl Crandall, Illinois, 1985, theft from interstate shipment.


* Eugene Harold Del Carlo, California, 1979, misdemeanor conspiracy and
blackmail.


* Kenneth Lee Deusterman, Minnesota, 1991, misdemeanor false statement to the
Department of Housing and Urban Development.


* Frank Allen Els, Washington, 1976, possession of an unregistered firearm.


* Arthur Neil Evans, California, 1954, protecting and assisting a deserter from
the Army.


* Elizabeth Marie Frederick, South Dakota, 1987, distribution and possession of
cocaine with intent to distribute.


* Jackie Lynn Gano, Iowa, 1976, receiving money or benefits through transactions
of federal credit institution with intent to defraud while officer or employee
of institution.


* Daniel Clifton Gilmour Jr., South Carolina, 1985, importation of marijuana.


* Michael Lee Gilmour, South Carolina, 1985, importation of marijuana.


* Theodore Avram Goodman, California, 1981, unauthorized sale of government
property.


* Michael Charles Jorgensen, New Mexico, 1981, misprision of a felony.


* Leonard Charles Kampf, Virginia, 1990, conveyance of government property
without authority.


* Kenneth Marshall Kaull, Navy, 1976, disobeying a lawful general order,
negligently suffering destruction of military property, negligently hazarding
two naval vessels.


* Reza Arabian Maleki, North Dakota, 1984, conspiracy to make false statements
to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, making false statements to INS,
and aiding and abetting the same.


* William Ronald McGuire, New York, 1978, income tax evasion.


* Freddie Meeks, Navy, 1944, making a mutiny during wartime.


* Steven Dwayne Miller, Texas, 1985, possession of counterfeit Federal Reserve
notes with intent to sell or otherwise use same.


* Jodie David Moreland, Louisiana, 1987, conspiracy to possess with intent to
distribute marijuana.


* Lloyd Robert Odell, Washington, 1983, theft of government property.


* John Robert Palubicki, Wisconsin, 1988, conspiracy to defraud the Internal
Revenue Service, income tax evasion.


* Patricia Ann Palubicki, Wisconsin, 1988, conspiracy to defraud the IRS, income
tax evasion.


* Mark Edwin Pixley, Oregon, 1991, aiding in the manufacture, by cultivation, of
marijuana.


* Theodore Alfred Rhone, District of Columbia, 1987, wire fraud and aiding and
abetting same.


* Warren David Samet, Florida, 1968, transporting, concealing and facilitating
the transportation of marijuana that was acquired without paying the tax
imposed.


* Steven Elliot Skorman, Georgia, 1972, distributing LSD.


* Ronald Marsh Smith, Army, 1977, stealing mail matter.


* Richard Beauchamp Steele, Texas, 1989, conspiracy to eliminate competition by
fixing prices in interstate commerce.


* Christine Ann Summerbell, Wisconsin, 1984, theft of mail by postal employee.


* Robert A. Suvino, Arkansas, 1988, conspiracy to commit mail fraud and mail
fraud.


* Daniel Larry Thomas Jr., Ohio, 1987, illegal use of a communication facility
to distribute cocaine.


* Howard Edwin Walraven, Arkansas, 1968, theft from an interstate shipment.


* Martin Harry Wesenberg, Wisconsin, 1964, willfully failing to pay the special
occupational tax on wagering, and aiding and abetting same.


* Virgil Edwin West, Oklahoma, 1982, mail fraud.


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post

                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 01, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Hubbells Indicted on Tax Evasion, Fraud Charges

Susan Schmidt, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1251 words


Independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr yesterday brought a new set of federal tax
evasion and fraud charges against Webster L. Hubbell, a former top Justice
Department official and close friend of the Clintons who has already been sent
to prison once by Starr on unrelated embezzlement charges.

Hubbell's wife, Suzanna, his Little Rock lawyer and his accountant also were
charged in the 10-count indictment, which includes alleged tax violations
stemming from some of the more than $ 700,000 in payments made to Hubbell by
Clinton supporters.

Hubbell, a former law partner of first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton at Little
Rock's Rose Law Firm, admitted in 1994 -- in a plea bargain arrangement with the
independent counsel -- that he stole nearly $ 500,000 from his old law firm and
its clients. But the indictment, handed up by a Washington grand jury yesterday,
alleges that even as he was negotiating his guilty plea with Starr, Hubbell was
committing new acts of fraud and tax evasion.

Yesterday's indictment alleges that Hubbell and his wife, a Clinton
administration political appointee in the Interior Department, have earned more
than $ 1 million since 1994 but owe the government $ 894,000 in back taxes and
penalties. The Hubbells spent most of their money on a lavish lifestyle, the
indictment claims, while putting less than $ 30,000 of those earnings toward
their tax liability.

But yesterday's indictment was also significant for what it did not include: any
charges related to obstruction. While Starr's office said its investigation is
continuing, prosecutors have considered such charges for more than two years as
they tried to learn whether Clinton backers were trying to buy Hubbell's silence
by arranging more than $ 700,000 in consulting fees for him at the same time he
was under pressure to cooperate with Starr's Whitewater probe.

Hubbell has said the payments were not meant to influence his testimony in the
Whitewater investigation. And yesterday, choking up as he and his wife talked to
reporters outside their Washington home, Hubbell said the new indictment was
intended only to pressure him to lie about the president.

"I will not do so, and my wife would not want me to do so. I want you to know
the office of independent counsel can indict my dog, they can indict my cat, but
I'm not going to lie about the president, I'm not going to lie about the first
lady or anyone else. My wife and I are innocent of the charges brought today."

Starr has been trying in recent weeks to wind up his long-running Whitewater
investigation, and legal sources said he may be attempting to put pressure once
again on Hubbell to cooperate. Hubbell could provide information related to
several areas of Starr's investigation, including the Clintons' Arkansas real
estate dealings and legal work Hillary Clinton did at the Rose Law Firm for a
savings and loan owned by the Clintons' business partners.

The indictment charges the Hubbells, Little Rock accountant Michael C. Schaufele
and Little Rock tax lawyer Charles C. Owen with conspiracy, tax evasion,
impeding and impairing the Internal Revenue Service and mail fraud. All four
defendants, prosecutors charged, tried to "evade and defeat the payment of" back
taxes already owed by the Hubbells for the period from 1989 to 1992, as well as
taxes owed on the nearly $ 1 million the Hubbells collected in 1994 and 1995.

A White House spokesman said yesterday, "the president and first lady are very
saddened by the developments in this matter and feel bad for Webb and Suzy
Hubbell, Mike Schaufele, Charlie Owen and all of their families."

The Hubbells' lawyer, John W. Nields, said Starr was improperly singling out
Hubbell for prosecution. The indictment, he said in a statement, constitutes "a
rare type of tax charge . . . that would never have been brought against an
ordinary taxpayer by the Department of Justice."

Added Nields, "The crime of evasion of payment occurs only when a taxpayer
commits some sort of fraud of concealment intended to prevent the IRS from
collecting a tax -- like putting assets in another person's name or putting
money in a numbered Swiss account. And that did not happen here."

The 42-page indictment details lavish spending by the Hubbells since they came
to Washington after Clinton's 1992 election -- even maintaining a deluxe
lifestyle during the period that Hubbell was under investigation and during his
18 months in prison. In that way the indictment is similar to information
contained in Hubbell's December 1994 plea bargain, in which he admitted
embezzling $ 482,000 from Rose and its clients and spending it on luxuries like
vacations, a fur coat and lingerie.

According to the new indictment, the Hubbells used about 20 credit cards and
spent $ 85,000 on clothes, $ 95,000 on private school tuition, $ 20,000 for
telephone bills, $ 10,000 for laundry and dry cleaning, $ 11,500 for beverages
in addition to groceries, $ 5,000 for beauty salon visits and $ 9,900 for
domestic help.

Hubbell also withdrew $ 223,000 from his individual retirement account over
time, repeatedly electing not to pay the usual 20 percent tax withholding. On
one occasion, the indictment alleges, he engaged in an elaborate scheme to "swap
checks" so that he could pay off a $ 29,000 debt at the Rose Law Firm using
money from his pension account funneled through his IRA to avoid the pension
fund's automatic tax-withholding requirement.

The indictment also charges that the Hubbells set up a company called Bridgeport
Group in March 1997 to hide money from the Internal Revenue Service. Webster
Hubbell entered into a book contract with the William Morrow & Co. publisher
through Bridgeport, which received a check for $ 49,500 in June 1997 as the
first installment.

The Hubbells paid no estimated tax on the money and "were able to spend the book
advance before the IRS could discover the location of the funds," the indictment
said.

The indictment said that Hubbell was hired by about 15 clients in 1994 after
allegations of billing fraud surfaced and he resigned his post as associate
attorney general. Prosecutors contended that Hubbell did "little or no work" for
the consulting fees, which ranged from $ 5,000 to $ 100,000. The largest single
payment came from the Lippo Group conglomerate of Indonesia.

Senior White House aides and Clinton advisers helped Hubbell line up the
consulting jobs, nearly all of them for companies or individuals that were
strong political backers of Clinton and the Democratic Party. Those who helped
included top Clinton aides Thomas F. "Mack" McLarty, current Chief of Staff
Erskine B. Bowles, then-U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor and Washington
superlawyer Vernon E. Jordan Jr.

Accountant Schaufele, a longtime friend of the Hubbells from Little Rock,
prepared and filed false tax returns for the couple for 1994, 1995 and 1996, the
indictment alleged. He and attorney Owen, another Hubbell friend, set up bank
accounts and the Bridgeport corporation that the Hubbells allegedly used to
conceal income from the IRS, the Rose firm and other creditors.

"Mr. Schaufele is innocent," said his attorney, Chris Todd. "Without pay and out
of true friendship, Mike Schaufele helped Webb and Suzy Hubbell with their taxes
during the most difficult time of the Hubbells' lives."

Efforts to reach Owen's lawyer for comment were unsuccessful.

Staff writer Peter Baker and staff researcher Ben White contributed to this
report.


LOAD-DATE: May 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/brian k. diggs; Photo, ray lustig; Photo, ap/marcy
nighswander; Photo, Webster Hubbell, with wife, Suzanna, told reporters they are
innocent.  (Photo ran in an earlier edition) Webster L. Hubbell, seen playing
golf with President Clinton in this July 1994 photo, said "they can indict my
cat; I'm not going to lie about the president." Former associate attorney
general Webster L. Hubbell testified before the Senate Special Whitewater
Committee in December of 1995.  Former associate attorney general Webster L.
Hubbell, who already served a prison sentence for embezzlement, was indicted on
tax evasion charges, along with his wife, his Little Rock lawyer and his
accountant.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 3, 1986, Tuesday, Final Edition

Rep. Rodino Plans Resolution To Impeach Convicted U.S. Judge;
Claiborne Still Collecting Salary While Serving Tax-Evasion Term

BYLINE: By Mary Thornton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 666 words


Rep. Peter W. Rodino Jr. (D-N.J.), chairman of the House Judiciary Committee,
plans to introduce an impeachment resolution today to remove U.S. District Court
Judge Harry E. Claiborne -- the first sitting federal judge to serve time in
prison -- from the federal bench.

Claiborne, 68, who reported to the Maxwell Air Force Base prison camp in Alabama
May 16 to serve a two-year sentence for tax evasion, will become the first
federal judge to face an impeachment proceeding in the past 50 years. Claiborne
was convicted in 1984 of failing to report about $106,000 of income for 1978 and
1979 on his federal tax returns.

Claiborne was first indicted on charges that included taking bribes from Joseph
Conforte, a Nevada brothel owner. A mistrial was declared when jurors could not
agree on a verdict. Prosecutors then dropped the bribery charges and Claiborne
was later convicted of two tax evasion violations.

Before reporting to prison, Claiborne announced that he would not resign and
that he would continue to receive his $78,200 salary. He said he would welcome
an impeachment trial and a chance to tell "my side of the story." Neither
Claiborne nor his lawyer, Oscar Goodman of Las Vegas, were available for comment
yesterday.

Federal judges are appointed for life, subject to removal only by impeachment.
Unless he is impeached, Claiborne could return to the bench after serving his
sentence.

In a statement released yesterday, Rodino said, "In light of Judge Claiborne's
conviction of a federal crime and the exhaustion of all direct federal appeals,
the responsibility falls upon the House . . . to initiate an impeachment
proceeding."

"While an impeachment proceeding is an extreme procedure which should only be
instituted in the most compelling circumstances, the criminal conviction of a
sitting federal judge is obviously a very serious matter that must be looked
into in order to preserve the integrity of the federal judiciary," Rodino said.

Rodino said he would introduce the impeachment resolution today when the House
returns from its Memorial Day recess. Rep. James F. Sensenbrenner Jr., (R-Wis.)
a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, had announced May 22 that he would
introduce an impeachment resolution if Claiborne did not resign by June 4.

Only 10 federal judges have been removed. The last full impeachment trial and
removal was that of Judge Halsted L. Ritter in 1936.

House impeachment experts say the procedure is unpopular because it is so
cumbersome and time consuming, with a typical impeachment taking a year or more.

Ironically, after a gap of half a century, the House Judiciary Committee could
find itself involved in more than one impeachment trial.

Two months ago, U.S. District Court Judge Walter L. Nixon Jr. of Mississippi was
sentenced to five years in prison for lying to a grand jury. His lawyer, Michael
Fawer, has said Nixon will not consider resignation. Any attempt to start the
impeachment process against Nixon would probably be postponed until his appeals
are exhausted.

In addition, an investigative committee of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals has spent three years looking into a complaint against U.S. District
Court Judge Alcee L. Hastings of Miami.

Hastings was acquitted of bribery-conspiracy charges in February 1983. But two
judges later filed a complaint against Hastings using a 1980 law providing that
any person may start an investigation by charging that a judge "has engaged in
conduct prejudicial to the effective and expeditious administration of the
business of the courts . . . . "

In the complaint, filed March 17, 1983, the judges charged that Hastings
conspired with Washington lawyer William Borders Jr. to obtain a bribe in
exchange for an official judicial act. In addition, the judges asked the
investigative committee to look into whether Hastings "exploited" his judicial
position after his indictment by soliciting financial contributions for his
defense from lawyers and others.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Judge Harry Claiborne . . . wants chance to "tell my side"

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post

                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday

You're a liar, Mr. Grimm Tax-cheat pol gets jail & a scolding

BYLINE: Selim Algar

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 318 words


A Brooklyn federal judge shredded former Rep. Michael Grimm as a fraud Friday
before sentencing him to eight months in prison for tax evasion.

"Your moral compass, Mr. Grimm, needs some reorientation," said Judge Pamela
Chen before rejecting the pol's passionate plea for probation.

The Republican, who represented Staten Island and parts of Brooklyn, had faced
up to two years in prison based on federal sentencing guidelines.

"What the defendant and his partners did was steal from the public and the
government," Chen said. "You lied, Mr. Grimm, because you didn't want to get
caught."

"Everyone falls from grace when caught committing crimes. Some fall farther than
others."

After a probe of his campaign finances, Grimm was charged last year with
underreporting more than $1 million in income from his now-defunct Upper East
Side eatery, Healthalicious.

Still, he went on to win re-election last November.

He pleaded guilty to one count of tax evasion a month later and resigned his
seat under pressure from Republican Party bosses.

He all but begged Chen for leniency on Friday.

"My entire life I have scraped and I have clawed and killed myself to better
myself," he said after highlighting his decorated service in the Marines.

Of his tax evasion, Grimm said he was only trying to keep the eatery solvent.

"I didn't have the bravery to fail," he said.

"I was a damn good congressman," said Grimm, also a former FBI agent. "I worked
as hard as I could, and I loved it. I feel like I walked away from my
constituents. But I knew that I had to because it was the right thing to do."

Prosecutors blasted Grimm's lack of remorse.

"It is Mr. Grimm who embraces, even wraps himself in the oaths he has taken when
it suits him, and then turns his back on those oaths when it suits him,"
Assistant US Attorney James Gatta said.

Grimm declined to comment after the proceeding.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Good riddance: Former Rep. Michael Grimm leaves Brooklyn federal court
Friday after being sentenced to eight months in prison. [Stephen Yang]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2013 Friday

Washington: Massachusetts Man Indicted in Providence for Tax Fraud

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The Justice Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) announced that a
federal grand jury in Providence, R.I., returned a five-count indictment
yesterday charging John Fall of Milton, Mass., with one count of corruptly
endeavoring to obstruct and impede the IRS, one count of tax evasion and three
counts of aiding and assisting in the preparation and filing of false corporate
and individual tax returns. The indictment was unsealed today following Fall's
arrest.

According to the indictment, Fall was a real estate consultant who bought, sold
and brokered real estate. Fall also participated in handling the financial
affairs of his wife and her businesses, including her dental practice, Comfort
Dental Inc., as well as Broad Street Investments. The indictment alleges that
between 1999 and 2010, Fall used numerous nominees and business names to conceal
his business and financial transactions. Fall also used multiple bank accounts,
including commingled or "warehouse" bank accounts, in at least four states
throughout the country, all in order to conceal his financial transactions as
well as certain financial transactions of Comfort Dental and Broad Street
Investments. To further disguise business and financial transactions, court
documents allege that Fall used fake names and aliases to conceal his ownership
and control over his nominee entities.

The indictment alleges that Fall filed false returns for 1998 and 1999, and
failed to file any return for the years 2000 through 2010. The IRS audited Fall
for the 1998 through 2000, assessing him taxes collectively totaling
approximately $72,000. According to the indictment, Fall committed tax evasion
by attempting to thwart IRS collection of these taxes by using multiple
nominees, business names and fake names and aliases to disguise financial
transactions and title assets, by using commingled bank accounts, by making
extensive use of cash and by causing to be filed false and fraudulent documents
in federal court disclaiming ownership and control over funds sought by the IRS
to pay the taxes he owed.

The indictment further alleges that Fall caused tax returns that were filed by
Comfort Dental for the years 2005 through 2007, as well as his wife's individual
tax returns for 2005 and 2006 to be false. Fall caused his wife's businesses to
make payments to his various entities which were falsely recorded as deductible
business expenses. According to court documents, Fall also caused his wife's
individual tax return to reflect a capital loss for tax year 2006 when,
according to the indictment, she received a capital gain on the sale of
property.

When Comfort Dental and Fall's wife were audited between 2008 and 2009, the
indictment alleges that Fall attempted to obstruct the audit by encouraging his
wife's accountant not to provide the IRS with information requested through a
summons, and by providing false and fraudulent information and documentation to
the IRS concerning the nature of the payments by Comfort Dental and Broad Street
Investments to his various entities. Fall also attempted to obstruct his wife's
compliance with an IRS summons.

An indictment merely alleges that crimes have been committed, and the defendant
is presumed innocent until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. The tax
evasion charge carries a maximum sentence of five years imprisonment and a
$250,000 fine. The IRS obstruction charge and the aiding and abetting of false
returns charges each carry a maximum sentence of three years imprisonment and a
$250,000 fine.

This case was investigated by special agents with the IRS - Criminal
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief John Kane and
Trial Attorney Christopher O'Donnell with the Justice Department's Tax Division.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Drug kingpin gets 22 years for trafficking, tax evasion

BYLINE: Vik Jolly Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: SANTA ANA



HIGHLIGHT: John 'Pops' Walker ran nine illegal marijuana stores.


  A federal judge Monday sentenced a San Clemente man known as "Pops" to nearly
22 years in prison for drug trafficking and tax evasion in connection with
running a string of nine illegal marijuana storefronts that authorities say
earned him about $25 million.

After listening to pleas for leniency from friends of 56-year-old John Melvin
Walker, U.S. District Judge James Selna said it was clear to him that there were
two John Walkers - the one who supported his family and friends and the man who
led and organized "major drug activity."

"I have to sentence the whole John Walker," Selna said. The sentence addresses
"not only the good John Walker but also the bad John Walker."

Selna also ordered Walker to pay the Internal Revenue Service $2.4 million and
the California State Board of Equalization $1.8 million in restitution.

Walker, who had two previous state drug-trafficking convictions, pleaded guilty
in April to two federal charges - one count of conspiring to distribute more
than a ton of marijuana and maintaining drug-involved premises and one of tax
evasion.

He was among 14 people indicted by a federal grand jury in fall 2012. Most of
those people pleaded guilty.

The indictment outlined a drug-trafficking conspiracy led by Walker, who owned
and operated at least nine marijuana stores in Los Angeles and Orange counties,
including in Dana Point, Garden Grove, Santa Ana, Costa Mesa and San Juan
Capistrano.

"He had other people doing his dirty work for him," Assistant U.S. Attorney
Christine Bautista told Selna.

Walker "was the kingpin of a large, organized criminal enterprise awash in
narcotics, firearms, and, most of all, money," who became more criminally
sophisticated after his last conviction, managing to conceal his leadership role
in the conspiracy that began in at least 2006, Bautista said in court documents.

Walker lived in a multimillion-dollar San Clemente gated mansion, described in
documents as having six bedrooms and four bathrooms, with a large pool, Jacuzzi
and casita in the back yard.

As part of his plea agreement, Walker will forfeit to the government $25 million
in illegally obtained income, including, among other assets, more than $500,000
in cash seized by authorities, his San Clemente mansion, a string of mobile
homes in Mammoth Lakes, rental properties in Long Beach, and his interest in two
strip clubs, prosecutors said in a news release.

Walker "wanted to be called 'Pops' for a reason," Bautista said in court papers.
"He was in charge of this criminal organization. This was his scheme, and he was
the only authority that mattered in his criminal enterprise."

Defense attorney Kate Corrigan read a letter from Walker to Selna in which he
apologized and expressed the "deepest regret for all the wrongs I've committed."

"If I could turn back the hands of time, I'd conduct myself very differently,"
he wrote.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Walker will lose his gated San Clemente mansion as well as other assets
as a result of Monday's plea agreement.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved

                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday

PDS owner charged with fraud;
Kettering payroll services provider is accused of tax evasion, money laundering.

BYLINE: By Lou Grieco Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 392 words


DAYTON - The former owner of Payroll Data Services Inc. stands accused of
defrauding his clients of $4.3 million, according to a federal indictment made
public Monday.

Rodney R. Richley II, 59, of Cape Coral, Fla., is charged with 36 counts,
including mail fraud, tax evasion, willful failure to file a corporate tax
return and money laundering of more than $10,000.

Richley owned and operated Kettering-based PDS from 1990 until 2003. The
allegations cover the time from January 2000 to April 2003.

Richley, who is scheduled to appear in U.S. District Court in Dayton today, was
arrested by Internal Revenue Service agents on Aug. 1 at a Boca Raton, Fla.,
apartment.

PDS offered services including the preparation and filing of federal, state and
local employment tax returns and automated collection and payment of taxes. PDS
had 170 clients in the Dayton area, according to Gregory G. Lockhart, U.S.
Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio.

Richley received $4.3 million in employment taxes from at least 36 clients by
falsely representing that those funds would be paid to the IRS. Richley filed
false tax returns on behalf of clients under-reporting their true employment tax
liability, the indictment said.

The indictment does not reveal the names of the defrauded clients.

In 2004, Larry McCord, chief financial officer for Beerman Realty, said the
Beerman Foundation learned PDS kept two sets of tax documents for the
foundation, underpaying taxes by more than $33,000.

That same year, Specialty Sheet Metal and Miami-Cast won judgments against
Richley and PDS.

Another former client, Federal Holdings, which included subsidiaries Federal
Flooring, Federal Commercial Interiors and Federal Distributors, went out of
business after an internal audit revealed more than $1 million in tax payments
never made it to the IRS, company officials said in 2004.

Richley used the money to buy vehicles, including a Lamborghini, and a residence
in Lawrenceburg, Ind., the indictment says. Richley also wrote checks as high as
$25,000 to Las Vegas casinos.

"Richley's alleged scheme caused great harm to many businesses in the Dayton
area," Lockhart said.

Each count of tax evasion carries a maximum penalty of 5 years imprisonment.
Money laundering is punishable by up to 20 years imprisonment.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2057 or lgrieco@DaytonDailyNews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.

                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            February 10, 2006 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

NEWSLINE - BUSINESS;
Local CEOs seen less likely to hire

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 415 words


CEOs of businesses in southeastern Massachusetts are more conservative about
their hiring plans than their colleagues statewide, a new University of
Massachusetts poll shows.

Of 94 CEOs in the region that were surveyed, only about 26 percent said they
would likely add new jobs to their companies in the next six months. That
compares with a statewide average of 36 percent.

North Station land leased for condos

BOSTON â[#x20ac]" A Boston-based real estate development firm plans to build a
248-unit condo complex on land near North Station that became available after
the elevated Green Line T tracks were taken down.

Trinity Canal LLC, an affiliate of Boston-based Trinity Financial Inc., signed a
lease for the land with the MBTA yesterday. Trinity plans to start construction
on the â[#x20ac]oeAvenirâ[#x20ac] project this summer. The building in
Bostonâ[#x20ac][TM]s Bulfinch Triangle neighborhood will also feature
residential parking and stores.

Man pleads guilty to tax evasion

BOSTON â[#x20ac]" A Needham man has pleaded guilty in federal court to charges
that he evaded federal income taxes for four years while a co-owner and vice
president of sales in a Belmont-based seafood company.

Paul Dembling pleaded guilty to four counts of tax evasion. Federal prosecutors
claim Dembling fraudulently claimed business expenses in connection with the
seafood company, Sinco Inc., from 1997 through 2000 and that he also claimed
fictitious business losses for a separate seafood firm he claimed to have been
running out of his home. Prosecutors say he dodged more than $86,000 in taxes
during those four years.

$5M recovered for consumers

BOSTON â[#x20ac]" The stateâ[#x20ac][TM]s Office of Consumer Affairs said
yesterday that its regulatory agencies recovered more than $5 million for
Massachusetts consumers for the second year in a row last year. The biggest
chunk in 2005 came from more than $1.9 million for homeowners in settlements
with home improvement contractors.

Local chip maker sees profit growth NORWOOD â[#x20ac]" Analog Devices Inc. said
yesterday that its profit grew 12 percent in the fiscal first quarter as demand
surged in its consumer electronics and industrial segments. For the quarter that
ended on Jan. 28, the Norwood-based chip makerâ[#x20ac][TM]s earnings rose to
$120.6 million from $107.4 million a year ago. Net sales for the period totaled
$621 million, a 7 percent gain from $581 million a year earlier. The company saw
revenue from consumer electronics customers add 18 percent and industrial
clients jump 16 percent. - Patriot Ledger staff

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger

                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 4, 1988 Tuesday

Costly tax evasion marathon grinds on haltingly

BYLINE: PETER MOON; GAM

LENGTH: 494 words

DATELINE: NEWMARKET, Ont.


BY  PETER MOON
 The Globe and Mail
  NEWMARKET, Ont.

The longest and costliest trial in Canadian criminal history entered
its fifth year yesterday and promptly ground to a halt in half an hour.

The continuing income tax evasion trial of Toronto financier Joseph
Burnett started at 11:07 a.m. and was adjourned 30 minutes later to allow
the Crown to gather evidence in the United States from one of Mr.
Burnett's former lawyers. The lawyer has refused to testify in Canada and
cannot be compelled to do so.

"Let's get things moving as quickly as possible," said Mr. Justice
Patrick Hartt of the Ontario Supreme Court , who has been hearing the case
since it began on Oct. 1, 1984.

The trial is being held in Newmarket, Ont., because a courtroom could
not be set aside in Toronto for what was expected to be a lengthy trial.
But nobody anticipated the trial would take as long as it has.

Observers now say that, the way it is proceeding, it may not finish
until 1991. The trial is in session for only about 3 1"2 hours a day, four
days a week, to allow participants time to travel to Newmarket from
Toronto and to allow the Crown and defence lawyers to prepare the complex
evidence.

There are numerous other delays as procedural arguments slow the trial,
as well as breaks for vacations and sickness.

Mr. Burnett, a lawyer and a multi-millionaire businessman, is chairman
of Burnac Corp. , one of Canada's largest privately owned companies, with
extensive interests in real estate, financial services and the food
industry.

He and Ruthbern Holdings Ltd., which the prosecution alleges he
controls, are charged with evading payment of $2.2-million in income taxes
on $4.7-million in undeclared income from 1971 to 1974. Mr. Burnett and
Ruthbern have pleaded not guilty.

The Crown has completed its case against Mr. Burnett, who as the first
witness for the defence began giving evidence in October, 1987. Crown
prosecutor Ivan Bloom has been cross-examining him since June 6.

Mr. Burnett never got to the witness box yesterday, because Judge Hartt
ruled that Mr. Bloom is entitled to question Detroit lawyer John Amerman
before continuing his cross-examination of Mr. Burnett.

Defence counsel Austin Cooper said Mr. Amerman has refused to cross the
border to Windsor to allow the judge to hear his evidence directly, a
precedure that would have helped to speed the trial. Mr. Cooper said Mr.
Amerman maintains that testifying in Ontario would interfere with his
legal practice in Detroit.

Judge Hartt agreed to a Crown request that Mr. Amerman be required to
give evidence by commission in Detroit. Under the procedure, the Crown
would obtain permission from the U.S. Government to force Mr. Amerman to
answer questions under oath. The session would be videotaped and would
become part of the evidence in Mr. Burnett's trial.

It would be the second time the trial has obtained commission evidence
in Detroit from Mr. Amerman. Other commission evidence has been taken in
Boston, Los Angeles and San Juan, Puerto Rico.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 29, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

$1.3 MILLION MARC RICH FINES PAID

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 556 words


Marc Rich & Company A.G., a major international commodities trader, paid
$1,350,000 yesterday toward a $50,000-a-day fine that began June 29.

The continuing daily fine, paid in Federal District Court in Manhattan, was
imposed by Judge Leonard B. Sand for the company's refusal to provide records
that were subpoenaed for a Federal grand jury's investigation of the company for
possible tax evasion.

On July 15, Judge Sand ordered the company to pay the $1 million in fines that
had accrued by July 18 and then to pay $200,000 each Friday and $150,000 each
Monday for as long as the company failed to turn over the records.

The company, a Swiss corporation with a subsidiary based in New York, failed to
pay the accummulating fine until yesterday afternoon, when its lawyers delivered
a check to the cashier of the clerk's office in the Federal courthouse. The
check covered the fine that had accumulated by Monday, thereby complying with
the judge's payment order to date.

The continuing fine, which resulted from a ruling by Judge Sand holding the
company in contempt of court, was designed to coerce the company to comply with
the grand jury's subpoena. According to court papers previously filed by Morris
Weinberg Jr., the Federal prosecutor in charge of the case, the grand jury was
investigating allegations of an extensive tax-evasion scheme conducted by the
Rich company.

Diversion of Funds Charged

Mr. Weinberg said the company's New York subsidiary, Marc Rich & Company
International Ltd., had diverted millions of dollars in taxable income to the
Swiss parent company in a plan to evade taxes in the United States.

The subpoena concerned crude oil transactions during 1980 and 1981.  Last
Friday, Mr. Weinberg told Judge Sand that the Swiss company had secretly sold
the New York subsidiary to a group of the company's European shareholders in an
attempt to prevent Federal authorities from seizing its assets in this country
as payment of the fine. The sale of the subsidiary, to a company called
Clarendon Ltd., was made on June 30, the day after the $50,000-a-day fine began,
Mr. Weinberg noted, adding that the sale was a ploy to ''avoid the confiscation
of assets.''

Judge Sand then authorized the Government to serve restraining notices on Chase
Manhattan Bank and others to freeze funds of the Rich company.

At a hearing yesterday, Bruce Fader, a lawyer for the company, told Judge Sand,
''We have with us today a check for $1,350,000 payable to the clerk of the
court.''

Mr. Weinberg asked the judge to restrain the company from disposing of assets or
advising anyone that the company's payment of the $1,350,000 ended the
restraining notices.

The court order, Mr. Weinberg added, ''can only be satisfied in full by the
production of the subpoenaed documents or payment of $27,500,000, the entire
amount of the fine'' that would accrue during the 18-month existence of the
grand jury.

Mr. Weinberg also noted that the company's ''principal directors and
shareholders in the United States, Marc Rich and Pincus Green, have suddenly
removed themselves from the United States'' by going to Switzerland.
Judge Sand said he would hold another hearing Monday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company

                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday

Ring me up more 'sales suppression' busts

BYLINE: John Crudele

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 857 words


How many restaurants are cheating New York City and the Empire State out of
sales tax?

Answer: a lot more than the tax cops think.

Last week Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance became the first New York law
man to look into so-called sales-suppression software, or - as the cool people
call them - "zappers."

Zappers are sophisticated high-tech cash registers, aka point-of-sale (POS)
terminals. I've been writing about them for years but nobody in New York seemed
to care - even though they have cost the state billions in lost sales tax.

Perhaps now folks will care.

The concept behind the tax evasion is simple: Using high tech POS software,
restaurants make a sale disappear. A restaurant can, for instance, have the
zapper miss every third drink sold. Or, every fourth entrée can disappear.

And if the sale is missed, the state won't collect its 4 percent stake and the
city won't collect its 4.78 percent piece of the action.

And in case the city or state is smart enough to check a restaurant's inventory
of pasta or vodka to see whether it's in line with sales, a zapper can reconcile
the two.

And what if you are about to get caught by the tax cops? Well, the zapper's hard
drive can be crashed - with the sales records going into a digital Neverland.

"Sorry, Mr. Cuomo and de Blasio. These computers are finicky."

So, as I was saying, Vance last week surprised me when he announced that a grand
jury - after a yearlong investigation - had indicted one of the makers of
zappers. And 10 restaurants had pleaded guilty to tax evasion.

Ten? There are around 24,000 restaurants in New York City. Again, I ask: How
many restaurants are cheating New York City and the Empire State out of sales
tax?

Was the cash you forked over for your last restaurant meal properly accounted
for? Or did a zapper allow too much to go right into the pocket of the
restaurant owner?

Anyway, the most important thing I want you to know today is that there might be
more crooked restaurants than honest ones. Let me tell you a little story that
few people know.

Back in 2009, the state's tax collector started a sting operation targeting
zapper sellers. Back then, there were 26 different cash-register makers who
offered these sophisticated machines.

State investigators, under Tom Stanton, the then-head of tax enforcement,
pretended to be setting up four restaurants - in Buffalo, Albany, Dutchess
County and New York City - and interviewed all 26 companies.

"Of the 26 targets, 25 offered that they could help us evade taxes and showed us
in detail how to do it," says Stanton. "Then the last one called us back and
said, 'By the way, there's something else I can do for you.' "

They were offered zappers.

"It's a competitive market and the big thing they could do for you was tax
evasion," says Stanton. Some of the companies involved in the scam were part of
big publicly held companies.

The state never followed through on that investigation. And I doubt Vance even
knows about it. But video tapes from those stings still exist and Vance is
welcome to them.

And restaurants are probably not the only ones evading taxes through these
high-tech machines.

Vance says his investigation is continuing. He never named the people he already
snagged. But I'd bet that the zapper maker who got caught is probably squealing
right now. And there are at least 25 more who should be expecting a call from
the Manhattan DA.

Look, we all hate taxes. But just think of all the good things that can be done
with the billions in missing sales tax. Kids could be educated, people fed and
housed, the state budget balanced - the city might even fix that pothole that's
been outside the Lincoln Tunnel for the past year.

n

Congress has been trying to get rid of Todd Zinser, the inept inspector general
of the Commerce Department, for quite a while. I've been trying even longer
because he had oversight over the equally incompetent Census Bureau.

Last week, it happened: Zinser was forced out.

Zinser is the guy who was in charge when the House Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform undertook the probe of Census that I caused. That
investigation was "obstructed" by Commerce, according to a congressional report.

So what now?

The first thing Congress needs to do is investigate the whistle-blowers that
Zinser failed to protect from retaliation. I know of three at Census alone.

Then it needs to figure if Zinser helped conceal any wrongdoing - and start with
the 120 computers that went missing from Census in the months before the 2012
presidential election.

Those computers contained sensitive data and could have been used to change
vital economic statistics before the last vote. Zinser should have been all over
that, but there's no indication that he took even a peek.

And just before Zinser got the heave-ho, Census did one more thing that needs
investigating. Suddenly the Bureau has an e-mail system that erases messages
automatically after a short period of time.

Having asked to see those e-mails via Freedom of Information requests, I find
this development very curious.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           September 14, 2012, Friday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P7C

LENGTH: 741 words


Former student sues WVU over expulsion

MORGANTOWN - A former student is suing West Virginia University over his
expulsion for violating the school's Student Code of Conduct.

The lawsuit filed in Monongalia County Circuit Court seeks to force WVU to
reinstate Taylor Camp so that he can complete his degree.

According to the lawsuit, Camp was expelled May 23 after the Student Conduct
Board determined he had violated the conduct code. The decision followed a
hearing by the board on allegations of sexual misconduct.

Camp's lawyer, Ed Rollo, tells The Dominion Post that the board ignored evidence
that there wasn't any sexual misconduct. Rollo says the hearing process was
"fatally flawed."

Attorneys for the WVU Board of Governors asked the court to dismiss the lawsuit.
University spokesman John Bolt says WVU doesn't comment on pending litigation.

Woman charged with murder in robbery

WHEELING - A woman charged with murder in a botched pharmacy robbery in Wheeling
is scheduled to go to trial in December.

According to WTOV-TV, Melody Fisher was arraigned Wednesday in Ohio County
Circuit Court. She pleaded not guilty to all charges.

Police say Fisher and Kevin Walnoha were attempting to rob the Elm Grove
Pharmacy on May 25 when Walnoha was fatally shot by a pharmacist. Investigators
say Fisher was at the wheel of the getaway car.

An investigation concluded the pharmacist was justified in shooting Walnoha.

Fisher was indicted earlier this week on a charge of felony murder, among other
counts.

Her trial is scheduled for Dec. 17.

3 state groups get drug-abuse grants

Three West Virginia community coalitions are receiving federal grants to reduce
youth drug abuse.

Community Connections Inc. received $125,000 for the Creating Opportunities for
Youth Coalition in Bluefield.

Another $125,000 went to the Strong through our Plan Coalition in Gilbert.

The United Way of the River Cities Inc. also received $125,000 for the Cabell
County Substance Abuse Prevention Partnership in Huntington.

U.S. Sens. Jay Rockefeller and Joe Manchin and Rep. Nick Rahall, all D-W.Va.,
announced the grants Thursday.

The funding comes from a program administered by the Office of National Drug
Control Policy.

Railroad retiree gets jail time for tax evasion

MARTINSBURG - An ex-railroad worker from Maryland who ran a West Virginia scrap
yard while collecting disability checks will spend 18 months in prison for tax
evasion.

Fifty-year-old Kenneth Harold Hogan of Oldtown, Md., was sentenced in U.S.
District Court in Martinsburg earlier this week on a misdemeanor count of making
false statements and a felony count of tax evasion.

Hogan retired with a back injury in 1995 and collected disability, claiming he
had no income.

Prosecutors say he fraudulently collected federal benefits from 2006 through
2008. They say the government overpaid him more than $128,000 after he started
Scrap Brothers Inc. in Paw Paw.

Judge Gina Groh also ordered Hogan to repay the U.S. Railroad Retirement board
and pay the Internal Revenue Service nearly $91,000.

Hogan will self-report to prison.

Dozens of buildings being torn down

HUNTINGTON - Several abandoned buildings in Huntington are about to meet the
wrecking ball.

The buildings in the Fairfield neighborhood are being demolished as part of a
local, state and federal project to revitalize the area. Crews from the West
Virginia National Guard and the state Division of Highways brought in heavy
equipment this week to begin the month-long process.

National Guard Maj. Brent Schultz said about 50 homes will be torn down.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin and U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin planned to speak at the
site Thursday afternoon.

CSI academy on hunting accidents planned

LOGAN - Call it CSI woodlands.

A Hunting Incident Academy will bring 40 wildlife officers from 16 states to
West Virginia next week to learn the finer points of investigating a
hunting-related shooting.

Nine instructors from seven states will share their skills, knowledge and
techniques on how they go about investigating a shooting incident involving a
hunter. The instructors have more than 350 years of experience and have
investigated more than 2,000 hunting-related shootings.

Organizers say one aim of the training is to reduce hunting accidents.

The training begins Sunday at Chief Logan State Park Lodge and runs through
Sept. 20. It is sponsored by the West Virginia Division of Natural Resources and
the International Hunter Education Association.

- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers

                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  March 02, 2001, Friday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Evans co-defendant's tax evasion trial begins

BYLINE: JEFF TESTERMAN

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Developer C. Hayward Chapman is charged with evading $ 843,957 in taxes. A
conviction could mean five years in prison and a $ 100,000 fine.

A day after convicting Tampa developer C. Hayward Chapman of giving illegal
gratuities to a public official, the same jurors began hearing testimony
Thursday in his tax evasion case.

Chapman, 64, faces a charge of income tax evasion stemming from $ 2.1-million in
income channeled from Bradley and Bradley Development Corp. in 1997 to Concorde
Inc., a contracting company Chapman controlled.

Federal prosecutors say Chapman failed to file a timely IRS return on the income
and evaded $ 843,957 in income tax.

On Thursday, jurors heard testimony from Terry Keirn, who is Chapman's daughter
and Concorde's sole shareholder. She testified that checks written on Concorde's
business account at the direction of Chapman included $ 16,000 for a cash
present to her daughter, $ 19,478 for a Harley Davidson motorcycle for Chapman
and $ 133,760 for a property purchased in Georgia in Keirn's name.

If convicted of the income tax evasion charge, Chapman could face a five-year
prison term and a $ 100,000 fine.

Chapman already faces as many as eight years behind bars after being convicted
this week of paying four gratuities through Concorde to Audley Evans, former
executive director of both the Tampa Housing Authority and a non-profit housing
agency called Meridian River Development Corp.

Concorde obtained contracts worth $ 700,000 from Meridian River in 1996 and
1997. Chapman's gratuity convictions stem from his pledge of a $ 25,000
certificate of deposit for an Evans bank loan and his direction to Keirn to send
three checks totaling $ 125,000 from the Concorde account to pay off mortgages
Evans owed.

Chapman's attorney, Frank Winkles, said he will file a motion to overturn the
gratuity verdicts because Evans was not a public official while at the helm of
Meridian River Development. Prosecutors say Meridian River was a public agency
because it received HUD money from some tenants.

Evans, 48, the boss of the Tampa Housing Authority from 1988 to 1996, was
convicted Wednesday of bribery, conspiracy, accepting illegal gratuities and
making a series of false statements to a federal agency.

Evans' attorney, Arnold Levine, said he will seek to have the verdicts set
aside.

Evans, who was following the Chapman proceedings in the courtroom Thursday,
faces a maximum sentence of 77 years in prison. District Judge James S. Moody
has scheduled his sentencing for May 21.


LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Developer C. Hayward Chapman

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company

                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 13, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Tyco Chief to Settle Tax Evasion Charges

BYLINE: By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 482 words


The former chairman of Tyco International, L. Dennis Kozlowski, agreed yesterday
to pay $21.2 million to settle charges of avoiding New York sales tax on 12
paintings, including a Monet, a Renoir and a Bouguereau.

The accusation of tax evasion was the beginning of the trail that turned Mr.
Kozlowski into a name synonomous with the lavish-spending chief executive,
epitomized by such items as a $6,000 shower curtain.

In June 2005, Mr. Kozlowski, and Tyco's former financial chief, Mark H. Swartz,
were convicted of stealing $600 million from the company and were sentenced to
up to 25 years.

But Mr. Kozlowski was initially indicted in June 2002 on charges of failing to
pay sales tax on millions of dollars in artwork.

In the settlement of that case yesterday with the Manhattan district attorney,
Robert M. Morgenthau, Mr. Kozlowski agreed to pay $3.2 million in sales tax and
interest on the 12 paintings, of which more than $2 million is sales tax.

He also agreed to pay $17.9 million in state and city income tax, interest and
penalties, of which $8.3 million represented the tax liability. Though he was
never charged with income-tax fraud, it is part of the agreement.

The settlement was announced in a hearing before Justice Michael Obus of State
Supreme Court, who asked if Mr. Kozlowski, who was not present, would be able to
meet a Sept. 19 deadline for payment. Judge Obus also oversaw the trial of Mr.
Kozlowski and Mr. Schwartz.

Mr. Kozlowski's lawyer, James R. DeVita, told the judge that it was ''not 100
percent clear'' that his client could meet that deadline, but that Mr. Kozlowski
was liquidating assets, and had transferred more than $90 million into an escrow
account.

After being convicted in the Tyco criminal cased, he was ordered to pay $97
million in restitution and a fine of $70 million, amounts that are separate from
the money he agreed to pay yesterday. Mr. Morgenthau said the charges would be
dropped if Mr. Kozlowski kept up his end of the settlement.

''We don't believe we're looking a gift horse in the mouth,'' Mr. Morgenthau
said. ''The case won't be dismissed unless he comes up with the dough.''

This month, Tyco International sold two paintings listed as part of yesterday's
agreement at a Sotheby's auction: ''Fleurs et fruit,'' by Pierre Auguste Renoir,
sold for $2.8 million, and ''Pres Monte Carlo,'' by Claude Monet, sold for $5
million. The list of 12 paintings also included ''Enfant tressant une
couronne,'' by William-Adolphe Bouguereau.

Mr. Kozlowski's sales tax case was part of a broader investigation by the
district attorney into nearly a dozen galleries and more than 300 customers who
evaded sales tax, chief of investigations for the Manhattan district attorney's
office, Dan Castleman, said yesterday.

As a result of that investigation, prosecutors have collected $37.5 million in
state and city sales taxes and fines.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: L. Dennis Kozlowski, who became known as the epitome of the
free-spending chief executive, has until Sept. 19 to pay the settlement. (Photo
by Michael Nagle/Bloomberg News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company

                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Norway Gets U.S. Help Chasing Citizens Dodging Income Law: Taxes

LENGTH: 731  words


Norway is catching more tax dodgers abroad with fresh help from the U.S. legal
system.
Federal courts in six states have allowed the Internal Revenue Service to issue
summonses to U.S. banks at the request of the Norwegian government, and the
banks may now have to give up information on people who used some kinds of
credit and debit cards, Bloomberg BNA reported, citing the Justice Department.


The development signals increasing cooperation between governments to stop
offshore tax evasion. The cases show that the U.S. is willing to reciprocate as
officials escalate efforts to find U.S. taxpayers hiding money overseas with the
cooperation of other governments, said Kevin Packman, an attorney with Holland &
Knight LLP in Miami.
"It's highly noteworthy," Packman said. U.S. tax officials are sending the
message that "it's not a one-way street, and we'll help you too."
Countries are increasingly working to stop tax evasion together. At a June
meeting of the Group of 8 nations, leaders of the world's wealthiest economies
including President Obama announced a commitment to tackle tax evasion by
multinational companies. The G-8 leaders said one goal would be to "share
information automatically to fight the scourge of tax evasion."
The U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, known as Fatca, may lead to dozens
of agreements between countries to exchange information on bank accounts. The
law requires foreign banks to turn over information to the IRS about their
U.S.-owned accounts or potentially face withholding taxes.
Seven PetitionsUnder the aegis of Fatca, the U.S. has signed at least nine
agreements for government-to-government information exchange -- a phenomenon
that is gaining momentum in the world of tax administration. Negotiations are in
the works with as many as 80 other nations.
Another source of information is a U.S. program where taxpayers volunteer
information about offshore accounts in exchange for a set penalty and the chance
to avoid criminal prosecution. That has yielded data not just on individuals,
but on the banks and promoters who help in the avoidance.
The Justice Department said July 29 that courts in Minnesota, Texas,
Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, Virginia and California have approved seven of 10
government petitions to let the IRS seek the information in court at the request
of the Norwegian government. Three are still pending, in California, Mississippi
and New Hampshire.
A total of 18 U.S. financial institutions are identified in the government's
filings, initiated at the request of the Norwegian government under a treaty
between Norway and the U.S., the Justice Department said. The filings don't
allege that the banks have violated any U.S. laws, the department said.

Unusual MoveThe development is significant because the U.S. government went to
federal court in eight states at Norway (NOUE)'s request, practitioners told
BNA.
In one example of financial institutions that could be facing scrutiny, the U.S.
District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania said on July 22 that the
IRS can issue summonses to PNC Bank N.A. and RBS Citizens N.A. In a memorandum
filed in the Pennsylvania court, the U.S. called the suit "out of the ordinary"
because it was done at Norway's request, and pointed out that a U.S.-Norway
treaty allows it.
"It's fairly unusual that you see this, but it's becoming more common as you see
governments cooperate," said John Harrington, a partner with Dentons in
Washington.
Cross-border information exchange will become more common under Fatca, and
Norway has signed an intergovernmental agreement under that act, Harrington
said.
"These are the kinds of requests that will ultimately be supplanted by automatic
exchange of information," Harrington said.
Norway's EvidenceNorwegian authorities described an arrangement using payment
cards that it said has already generated evidence of extensive tax avoidance in
Norway, according to a declaration accompanying the petition from Michael
Danilack, a deputy commissioner at the IRS said.
"The Department of Justice and IRS are committed to working with our treaty
partners to fight tax evasion wherever it occurs," Kathryn Keneally, assistant
attorney general for the Justice Department's tax division, said in the agency's
July 29 statement. "All taxpayers should know that our efforts in this area are
global, coordinated and will continue."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 410 words


Brown smashes window

Singer Chris Brown smashed a window in a studio on Tuesday after a "Good Morning
America" anchor asked him about a criminal case, according to ABC News.

New York police said Tuesday they were not called to the set of "Good Morning
America" after Chris Brown went on a rampage in response to a question about his
criminal case involving ex-girlfriend Rihanna.

Law enforcement sources familiar with the case said a police report and
assessment of whether a crime was committed would be crucial in determining
whether Brown violated his probation.

"Once backstage, according to insiders, Brown stormed into his dressing room and
started screaming and tearing the room apart," ABC reported. "Workers in the
building called security. Before they arrived, insiders say Brown smashed a
window in his dressing room, with the glass shattering and falling onto 43rd and
Broadway."

R&B singer Brown had completed a court-mandated domestic violence education
program in January.

He was sentenced to the 52-week program, along with five years' probation and
180 hours community service, after pleading guilty in August 2009 to felony
assault of then-girlfriend Rihanna after a party.

When asked about the case on "Good Morning America," he responded: "It's not
really a big deal to me now, as far as that situation. I think I'm past that in
my life."

Washington to speak to grads

PHILADELPHIA | Two-time Oscar winner Denzel Washington has been selected to
deliver the commencement speech at the University of Pennsylvania.

College officials announced Tuesday that Washington will address about 5,000
graduates and receive an honorary degree at the May 16 ceremony.

Washington's son Malcolm is a sophomore at the Ivy League school in
Philadelphia.

Author Joyce Carol Oates and New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof are among
several others also slated to receive honorary degrees at the ceremony.

Rapper pleads to tax evasion

NEWARK, N.J. | Rapper and actor Ja Rule has pleaded guilty to tax evasion in New
Jersey.

The platinum-selling rapper admitted Tuesday that he failed to pay taxes on more
than $3 million in income earned between 2004 and 2006.

He entered his guilty plea in a federal courtroom in Newark.

As part of a plea agreement, the government has dismissed two counts against him
for <0x000A>unpaid taxes on income earned in 2007 and 2008.

The 35-year-old Ja Rule is expected to be sentenced on the tax evasion charges
in June.

- From wire service reports

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

Ex-49ers star accused of fraud;
EMBEZZLEMENT ALLEGED

BYLINE: Rodney Foo, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 565 words


Ray Wersching, the retired San Francisco 49ers kicker who booted field goals in
two Super Bowl victories, was indicted Wednesday on federal charges of
embezzling $8 million from an insurance company and tax evasion.

Wersching, 55, the owner of Ray Wersching Insurance Agency in Redwood City, is
accused of diverting premiums earmarked for Farmers Insurance from 1997 to 2000.
He is also alleged to have evaded paying taxes on $3.6 million in corporate
income from 1999 to 2000.

Wersching has been served with a summons to appear Monday in U.S. District Court
in San Francisco before Magistrate Judge Bernard Zimmerman, said U.S. Department
of Justice spokesman Luke Macaulay.

``This action,'' Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi said in a statement,
``makes it clear that in California, no one -- whether an average citizen or a
former football star -- will escape prosecution if they are suspected of
insurance fraud.''

Wersching, an ex-University of California football star, faces six allegations
-- embezzlement; permitting a felon convicted of dishonesty to participate in an
insurance business; failing to file a corporate tax return; and two counts of
tax evasion.

The penalties carry a range of prison sentences from one to 10 years, and fines
of $250,000 plus restitution.

The Mercury News was unable to reach Wersching for comment.

The indictment ends a five-year investigation conducted by the state justice
department, the FBI, the California Department of Insurance and the Internal
Revenue Service.

Authorities allege Wersching diverted money from premiums to be paid to Farmers
into his own company's account.

Wersching had opened the insurance agency in February 1995, and a month later
hired Mary Ann Locke, also known as Mary Ann Diaz, giving her a 50 percent stake
in the firm.

In March 2001, Farmer's ended its affiliation with Wersching. Locke left the
company two months later.

Locke had been convicted of forgery in 1992, Macaulay said.

Last year, Locke was arraigned in federal court on insurance fraud, wire fraud
and money laundering, related to the embezzlement scheme. She used the money to
pay Nevada casinos for gambling debts, state insurance department officials
said.

Wersching's troubles stand in stark contrast to his accomplishments on the
gridiron. He played 15 years in the NFL -- four of them with the San Diego
Chargers -- before retiring from the 49ers after the 1987 season. He was a
member of the 1981 and 1984 championship teams. He still holds the record for
most career field goals in Super Bowls, five. Wersching trails only legendary
49er wide receiver Jerry Rice as the team's leading scorer.

The accusations stunned those who knew Wersching.

``There was never a more respected guy on the team,'' said Dr. Harry Edwards, a
staff consultant with the 49ers for the past 20 years. ``He was a guy they
leaned on in tight games to get it done and nine times out of 10, he got it
done.

``From what I know of him, I could not begin to fathom what could possibly have
brought him to this situation. I hope that . . . he gets through this thing.''

John McVay, who served as 49ers general manager when Wersching was with the
team, said, ``This is a good man, and he has been for a lot of years. Knowing
him, this just doesn't add up.''

Mercury News Staff Writer Dennis Georgatos contributed to this report. Contact
Rodney Foo at rfoo@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5258.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

Former 49ers kicker indicted for $8M insurance fraud

BYLINE: Rodney Foo, Mercury News

LENGTH: 591 words


Ray Wersching, the retired San Francisco 49ers kicker who booted field goals in
two Super Bowl victories, was indicted Wednesday on federal charges of
embezzling $8 million from an insurance company and tax evasion.

Wersching, 55, the owner of Ray Wersching Insurance Agency in Redwood City, is
accused of diverting premiums earmarked for Farmers Insurance from 1997 to 2000.
He is also alleged to have evaded paying taxes on $3.6 million in corporate
income from 1999 to 2000.

Wersching has been served with a summons to appear Monday in U.S. District Court
in San Francisco before Magistrate Judge Bernard Zimmerman, said U.S. Department
of Justice spokesman Luke Macaulay.

``This action,'' Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi said in a statement,
``makes it clear that in California, no one -- whether an average citizen or a
former football star -- will escape prosecution if they are suspected of
insurance fraud.''

Wersching, an ex-University of California football star, faces five allegations
-- embezzlement; permitting a felon convicted of dishonesty to participate in an
insurance business; failing to file a corporate tax return; and two counts of
tax evasion.

The penalties carry a range of prison sentences from one to 10 years, and fines
of $250,000 plus restitution.

The Mercury News was unable to reach Wersching for comment.

The indictment ends a five-year investigation conducted by the state justice
department, the FBI, the California Department of Insurance, and the Internal
Revenue Service.

Authorities allege Wersching diverted money from premiums to be paid to Farmers
into his own company's account.

Wersching had opened the insurance agency in February 1995, and a month later
hired Mary Ann Locke, also known as Mary Ann Diaz, giving her a 50 percent stake
in the firm.

In March 2001, Farmer's ended its affiliation with Wersching. Locke left the
company two months later.

Locke had been convicted of forgery in 1992, Macaulay said.

Last year, Locke was arraigned in federal court on insurance fraud, wire fraud
and money laundering, related to the embezzlement scheme. She used the money to
pay Nevada casinos for gambling debts, state insurance department officials
said.

Wersching's troubles stand in stark contrast to his accomplishments on the
gridiron.

He played 15 years in the NFL -- four of them with the San Diego Chargers --
before retiring from the 49ers after the 1987 season. He was a member of the
1981 and 1984 championship teams. He still holds the record for most career
field goals in Super Bowls, five. Wersching trails only legendary 49er wide
receiver Jerry Rice as the team's leading scorer.

The accusations stunned those who knew Wersching.

``There was never a more respected guy on the team,'' said Dr. Harry Edwards, a
staff consultant with the 49ers for the past 20 years. ``He was a guy they
leaned on in tight games to get it done and nine times out of 10, he got it
done.

``From what I know of him, I could not begin to fathom what could possibly have
brought him to this situation. I hope that whatever is the reality of it, that
he gets through this thing.''

John McVay, who served as 49ers general manager when Wersching was with the
team, said, ``This is a good man and he has been for a lot of years. Knowing
him, this just doesn't add up. Maybe somebody else did something and dumped it
all in his lap. The Ray Wersching I know wouldn't do that kind of stuff.''

FBI agent LaRae Quy said the investigation is continuing.

``We're still looking to see who might be involved and to what extent,'' she
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 26, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

2 Charged In Coca-Cola Fraud Case

BYLINE: Paul W. Valentine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C7

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, Aug. 25, 1988


Two former managers of a Coca-Cola syrup-making plant were charged today with
defrauding the parent Coca-Cola Co. of more than $ 5 million by submitting
fictitious bills during a seven-year period for work never done and supplies
never provided at the syrup plant here.

Through an elaborate scheme of phony invoices, sham bank accounts and kickbacks
from companies doing business with the syrup plant, according to charging papers
filed in federal court here, the two former managers took in almost $ 1 million
a year between 1980 and 1987, converting the money to "their own personal
benefit."

Prosecutors described the case as one of the largest commercial fraud cases in
Maryland history and said more suspects are involved.

"The investigation is ongoing," said Assistant U.S. Attorney David P. King. The
criminal charges parallel a civil suit filed here by The Coca-Cola Co. seeking $
6 million from the two former managers and others.

The former managers, Hillis A. Smith, 52, of Glen Burnie and Lewis H. Addison
III, 46, of Westminster, have signed agreements to plead guilty to the charges,
according to King and U.S. Attorney Breckinridge Willcox.

In addition to three mail fraud counts, Smith is charged with one count of tax
evasion. He faces a possible maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 1
million in fines.

Addison is charged with two counts of mail fraud and one count of tax evasion
and could receive up to 15 years in prison and $ 750,000 in fines. Both also
face a possible order to make restitution to The Coca-Cola Co.

According to the court papers, several unidentified individuals and businesses
were recruited by Smith and Addison to submit false invoices for equipment and
services never provided the syrup-making plant, such as safety shoes, work
gloves and repair and replacement of pallets used for storing and moving
supplies in the plant.

The individuals and businesses provided Smith "with extensive personal gifts and
favors," according to the charging papers, and "Smith reciprocated by approving
invoices which fraudulently overbilled for work, inflated labor hours on jobs
and charged for work that was not performed."

The papers did not specify what gifts and favors Smith received, and prosecutors
today would not say what they were.

Smith and Addison also were charged with tax evasion and understating their
income in 1986 by hundreds of thousands of dollars each.

The plant formerly managed by Smith and Addison is one of about 20 in the
country that manufacture the concentrate of flavorings and other ingredients of
Coca-Cola and combine them with sweeteners, according to a company spokesman in
Atlanta. The Baltimore plant is operated by Coca-Cola USA, a division of The
Coca-Cola Co.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post

                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 12, 1984

Biggest US tax evasion costs 200 million dollars / Fugitive Swiss oil trader
Marc Rich and US lawyer Pincus Green still sought

LENGTH: 400 words


The two Marc Rich companies yesterday agreed to pay the US Government about
dollars 200 million in fines and interest to settle the biggest tax evasion case
in American history.

But criminal charges against the Swiss oil trader Mr Marc Rich and his partner,
Mr Pincus Green remain, the US Attorney for Manhattan, Mr Rudolph Giuliani, told
a federal court in New York.


Judge Shirley Kram accepted the settlement stemming from illegal oil trading by
Marc Rich and Company of Switzerland and its US subsidiary, Marc Rich and
Company International. The settlement includes dollars 150 million in back
taxes, dollars 21 million in fines already paid for failure to produce the
subpoenaed documents, plus interest on back taxes.

Mr Giuliani told the judge that the settlement was 'the largest amount ever
recovered in a US income tax case.'

As part of the settlement, each company pleaded guilty to 38 counts of making
false statements to the US Internal Revenue Service relating to crude oil
transactions.

In addition, the US subsidiary, now known as Clarendon Ltd, pleaded guilty to
two counts of tax evasion totalling dollars 48 million.

In accepting the pleas, Judge Kram imposed additional maximum fines of dollars
380,000 on the parent company and dollars 400,000 on its US subsidiary. The two
companies were also requested to pay nearly dollars 33,000 in court costs.

As part of the settlement, both companies will be permitted to resume their US
operations, which were suspended when the charges were brought in September
1983.

But Mr Rich and Mr Green, said to be fugitives, still face charges of tax
evasion.

Both men are living in Switzerland.

In rejecting a US request to extradite Mr Rich two weeks ago, Swiss authorities
said the charges against him were not among extraditable offences in their
treaty with the United States.

The case began more than two years ago with a government investigation of
allegations that Mr Rich had schemed to violate US oil price regulations and
evade dollars 48 million in American income tax.

The defendants were all charged with racketeering, punishable by up to 20 years
in prison for individuals and fines for the companies. Among the accusations was
that they bought dollars 200 million of oil from Iran during the US hostage
crisis, when President Jimmy Carter declared it illegal to trade with Iran.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 Guardian Newspapers Limited

                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 21, 2010 Tuesday

Utah man gets prison for tax evasion church scheme

BYLINE: By Melinda Rogers The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 419 words


A federal judge has ordered a Tremonton man to spend 42 months in prison for tax
evasion, after he transferred property deeds to a "private church" called The
Order of Tranquility as a way to avoid paying taxes from 1995 to 2001.

U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups imposed the sentence on John Gauruder, 54,
Monday. He ruled Gauruder must pay $409,685 to the IRS as a penalty for tax
fraud.

Gauruder, a former Marine, was a licensed chiropractic physician at Tremonton
Chiropractic Center before his arrest, according to records from the Utah
Division of Occupational and Professional Licensing.

His wife, 57-year-old Jana Gauruder, and Rulon DeYoung of Salt Lake City, 68,
were also charged in the case.

According to a September 2008 indictment, the Gauruders avoided paying $336,843
in income taxes when Jana Gauruder transferred the title of the couple's home to
The Order of Tranquility, which is controlled by DeYoung.

DeYoung was charged with aiding the Gauruders and others to transfer their
properties to his "church" to conceal their property ownership and to avoid
paying taxes. He pleaded guilty in May to four counts of tax evasion and one
count of corrupt interference with the due administration of Internal Revenue
laws. Prosecutors said his actions cost the government $1.4 million in taxes.
Waddoups in August ordered him to serve a three-year prison term.

Jana Gauruder pleaded guilty to a lesser tax evasion charge and was sentenced
earlier this month to 36 months of probation. In a sentencing memorandum, her
attorney said she'd been duped into participating in her husband's scheme.

John Gauruder put his wife in charge of a trust he created in 1997 called High
Teton Trust just after she gave birth at age 44 to their ninth child, an
11-pound baby who caused her health problems, according to court documents.

She followed her husband's direction to transfer their property and the trust to
The Order of Tranquility, court documents state. A judge granted her probation
so she could continue to care for her children, including one child who is
disabled. The IRS seized the family's home.

At his sentencing last summer, DeYoung represented himself and told Waddoups he
didn't believe he'd broken any laws and questioned the judge's authority over
his organization, which he described as a private church.

Attorneys for Jana Gauruder and Rulon DeYoung have both filed appeals to the
10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.

mrogers@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Tremonton man gets prison for tax evasion church scheme

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 2, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CODY SENTENCED TO 5-YEAR TERM AS A RACKETEER

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1247 words

DATELINE: UNIONDALE, L.I., Dec. 1


John A. Cody, one of the New York metropolitan area's most influential labor
leaders, was sentenced today in Federal District Court to five years in prison
for labor racketeering and tax evasion.

His family, including two young grandchildren, were present in a packed
courtroom as Judge Jacob A. Mishler also fined Mr. Cody $80,000.

For a decade, he has been the $100,000-a-year president of Local 282 of the
International Brotherhood of Teamsters. The local is one of the most powerful in
the construction industry because it controls the flow of materials to building
sites.

Could Be Free in 20 Months

A baldish 62-year-old man, Mr. Cody gripped the rail before Judge Mishler's
bench, his shoulders hunched, and said before the sentence was imposed that he
had no comment to make.

Mr. Cody must serve at least one-third of the five-year sentence, or 20 months,
before becoming eligible for parole.  On Oct. 7 a jury found him guilty here of
seven of eight charges of engaging in a ''pattern of racketeering'' since 1968,
as well as evading Federal income taxes and violating the Taft-Hartley Law by
accepting gifts from contractors who did business with his union.

On the seven counts, Judge Mishler imposed sentences totaling 17 years, but he
ordered all to be served concurrently. The longest sentences, five years each,
were given for violating the Racketeer Influence and Corrupt Organization Act
and for tax evasion involving $150,000 in kickbacks.

Appeal Is Planned

After the sentencing, Mr. Cody was surrounded by his relatives and friends.
Hugging some of the hundred supporters who attended the hearing, he said,
''We'll appeal, we'll appeal.''

Mr. Cody's chief counsel, Stephen P. Scaring, said: ''The evidence was a lot of
hogwash. We're confident this verdict will be reversed.''

The Federal prosecutor in the case, Michael A. Guadagno, had called for a
''substantial prison sentence'' as a deterrent to labor racketeers. Mr.
Guadagno, an attorney with the Organized Strike Task Force in the Eastern
District of New York State, said Mr. Cody had links to ''high-echelon members of
organized crime.''

The defendant, the prosecutor told told Judge Mishler, was concerned not with
''the good of his union members, but only with lining his own pockets.''

In appealing for leniency, Mr. Scaring said, ''John Cody had done a lot of good
things in his life, and a lot of prayers are being said for him today.''

Law-enforcement authorities and union reformers doubt that the conviction will
have any immediate impact on the widespread corruption they say afflicts the
local construction industry.

The officials maintain that campaigns to prevent graft and payoffs are thwarted
mainly by the fears of contractors and employees of economic reprisals if they
speak out.

Dissident union members say that employees who turn to law-enforcement agenices
often are blacklisted from jobs. Fourteen members of Mr. Cody's union who have
publicly raised charges of corruption against Mr. Cody have been without steady
employment in the last five years.

''Everyone in construction in New York knows that if you complain, you lose your
job,'' said Herman Benson, executive director of the Association for Union
Democracy, an independent group that aids union insurgents. ''They face
blacklisting, suspensions and fines in their unions, sometimes even murder.
There is no government agency that can protect them.''

Local a Powerful Unit

The activities of Mr. Cody's local, No. 282, have been particularly scrutinized
by government agencies because in the last decade, under his leadership, the
local has emerged as the most potent building trades unit in New York.

The 4,000-member local controls the delivery of concrete and other vital
supplies to all major building sites in the city and on Long Island. Thus a
strike or slowdown called by the local's leadership - such as a two-month
walkout last summer - can instantly cripple multimillion-dollar building
projects from the Battery to Montauk Point.

Ted Katsoras, one of the Local 282 insurgents who gave Federal officials
information about alleged irregularities at the local, has had little work as a
cement truck driver since 1975, the year he first opposed Mr. Cody as president.
Mr. Katsoras said he had earned about $1,500 in each of the last two years,
instead of the $20,000 to $25,000 that most Local 282 members get annually.

'Shape Up' System Used

Mr. Katsoras and other members of a dissident group called FORE (Fear of
Reprisal Ends) said Mr. Cody's administration controlled jobs through a daily
''shape up'' system in which the union leadership can largely determine who gets
hired. The 42-year-old Mr.  Katsoras said that the union hierarchy also could
''pressure'' employers into dismissing employees.

''Our firings are a warning to the members,'' Mr. Katsoras asserted.''You can't
buck the administration and keep a job.'' As president, Mr. Cody obtained vast
patronage powers. He appointed teamsters to more than 300 supervisory jobs as
shop stewards and foremen, jobs that pay up to $75,000 yearly.

Another member of FORE, John W. Kuebler, who has been in the local for 40 years,
said he lost his job last April after complaining to a shop steward about unsafe
working conditions.

'Seniority Has No Meaning'

''They stripped me of my seniority rights in 1977, and I have had job problems
ever since,'' said Mr. Kuebler, who is 60 years old.  ''This is a union where
seniority has no meaning.''

Lawyers and Federal prosecutors who are familiar with labor laws said Mr. Cody
would probably be able to continue as head of the local until his appeals of the
conviction are decided. That legal could take up to one year.

The second highest-ranking official in the local, Robert Sasso, who is
secretary-treasurer, said the unit had no plans to replace Mr. Cody. ''He is our
leader, and he is going to be vindicated,'' said Mr. Sasso, who was elected on
the same slate with Mr. Cody last year.

In the mid-1970's the FORE group alerted the Labor Department and the Justice
Department to improper loans by the local's Welfare Pension Fund and its
questionable purchase for $6.5 million of a country club. Mr. Cody is a trustee
of the $55 million fund, and he was found guilty in the Federal trial of
extorting kickbacks from real-estate brokers who handled transactions for the
fund.

Reforms Are Doubted

Despite Mr. Cody's conviction, Mr. Katsoras said he doubted there would be
reforms in the local.  ''The membership is a lot wiser now,'' he said, ''but
many of them think this is a tough industry and you need a tough leader like
Cody, Many of us are at our wit's ends. We may have to get other jobs or join
other locals to survive. We still don't know where to turn and who in the
governnment will protect our rights.''

According to Mr. Benson of the Association for Union Democracy, employers and
employees in the construction industry view occasional drives to clean up the
construction industry as ''fads'' that pass quickly.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Cody, p.B15

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company

                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 24, 2009 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BACK IN DRIVER'S SEAT Free from tax troubles, Castroneves is sitting in the pole
position

BYLINE: BY RICHARD HUFF DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With News Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 867 words


Standing outside a Miami federal courthouse last month, Helio Castroneves broke
down. With his sister Katiucia by his side, Castroneves, the two-time Indy 500
champion from Brazil who had waltzed his way through America in 2007 on "Dancing
With the Stars," was letting it all go. He wept, uncontrollably.

A jury had just found him not guilty of tax evasion; the years of prison time he
faced had been washed away.

The experience, Castroneves recently told the Daily News, changed his life.

"I'm not even sleeping anymore," he says. "I want to enjoy every minute of
(life). It's been quite the journey."

And this past Friday, the federal government dropped the remaining conspiracy
charge that had been hanging over him by a deadlocked jury.

"It just opened up my perspective on life," he says.

"Now waking up in the morning, it can be raining, it can be sunshine, it doesn't
matter," he says.

Going through a tax evasion case, which threatened to put him behind bars for up
to 35 years, can do that to a guy.

It started in October when the 34-year-old Castroneves and his sister, who also
serves as his business manager, were charged with six counts of failing to pay
income tax on more than $5 million in earnings he racked up between 1999 and
2004 from Penske Racing and one count of conspiracy to defraud the government by
hiding income.

Prosecutors charged the money had been diverted to a Panamanian "shell"
corporation called Seven Promotions to avoid paying income tax.

While Castroneves' father, Helio Sr., claimed Seven was his undertaking and was
created to help expand his son's profile in Brazil and serve as a means to
generate revenue for himself, the feds produced documents in which Helio Jr.
claimed he was the proprietor of Seven, and was therefore required to pay taxes
on his Penske earnings.

The money, however, was invested into a Dutch deferred income account.

Castroneves was also charged with making $1,000 worth of improper tax deductions
and failing to disclose Hugo Boss clothes and airline tickets he received as
income. Each count carried a maximum of five years in jail. Castroneves'
attorneys pleaded ignorance on the part of their client, claiming Castroneves
was barely aware of his financial deals.

In the end, after a six-week trial and six days of deliberations over the
complex case, the jury sided with Castroneves.

And now, the man they call "Spider-Man," a nickname he got for scaling racetrack
fences after his wins, is back in his environment in a big way. He sits on the
pole for today's Indianapolis 500 with a four-lap average speed of 224.864 mph,
leaving the IRS spinning.

"The jury finds him not guilty, then he wins the pole position at Indy, and now
the government drops the case completely," says Castroneves' attorney Roy Black.
"All he has to do now is win the race and climb the fence."

It's been one hell of a run.

"I didn't appreciate all the things before," Castroneves says. "I always
realized I liked racing, but I love racing. This is where I belong. This is what
I want, to be around racing forever. This is my environment."

He's also regained the confidence, the swagger and the desire he had before the
IRS came calling.

"Yes, there was a fear," he says, hesitating. "Not that I would lose, but that
there would be a stop in me doing my career.

"Emotionally, no question it changes you. I do feel I'm strong. Obviously, I'm
the same person."

Castroneves says while he was going through the court system he'd gotten "so
many positive messages and prayers" from fans.

"I just say its incredible to be in this situation, I just feel the need to give
this back, hopefully by winning Indy."

He's won there before, once as a rookie in 2001 and again the very next year,
becoming the fifth driver in history to go back-to-back at The Brickyard.

"I think he's got more intensity and more love for the sport and driving race
cars than he had before the issues that he had with the government," says former
driver Scott Goodyear, who will work ABC's telecast of the race (pre-race
coverage starts at noon).

Goodyear says Castroneves is the favorite because of his experience at the
track, and how well his car has run in the sessions leading up to the race. On
Friday, he posted the fastest speed in the final practice, at nearly 224 mph.

Going in, the odds certainly appear to be in Castroneves' favor. He's got a
strong car. He's on the pole for the third time in his career, and he's won the
Indy 500 twice before.

"No question," he says, "being out in front you have less things to worry
about."

Indy, however, is a place where favorites' dreams can end in a heartbeat. In
1992, for instance, polesitter Roberto Guerrero lost control of his car on the
second parade lap - before the start.

Castroneves says he goes into today's race a changed man, but the memory of the
past year will never go away.

"I don't think so," he says. "The scars are there. I don't think I'm going to
forget it. I'll move on, I'll turn the page. It's hard to forget things like
that. For me its now important to take a good positive thing from that, to look
at that scar, and say, 'listen, I'm here, I'm stronger, and that's made me
realize, what I love in life.'" -

93rd INDY 500

When: noon

TV: Ch. 7

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Helio Castroneves, who won 'Dancing with the Stars' (center) in 2007,
has had a trying year. The two-time Indy 500 champ, (l.) with sister Katiucia,
breaks down after he's acquitted of tax evasion charges last month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.

                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Doctor accused of tax evasion

BYLINE: Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 262 words


Feb. 12--SCRANTON -- A former Wayne County doctor has been charged with evading
payment of his income taxes and with filing a false document with the Internal
Revenue Service, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney's Office
for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.

Dr. Robert Gorrell, who formerly worked for Wayne Memorial Hospital in Honesdale
as a vascular surgeon, was charged Friday.

The indictment was returned by a federal grand jury in Scranton last Dec. 8, but
remained sealed until Gorrell was found and arrested in Texas on Feb. 11.

According to U.S. Attorney Peter Smith, the indictment charges Gorrell, 65, with
engaging in a years-long pattern of activities to avoid paying over $148,000 in
tax deficiencies. The grand jury charged Gorrell with, among other things,
causing his tax preparer to file Form 1040 tax returns and Form 433-A collection
statements that falsely claimed Gorrell paid for his own medical malpractice
insurance. he also failed to report the extent of his bank accounts, and failed
to report his ownership of a Porsche Cayenne, the indictment says.

Gorrell also allegedly lied to IRS agents and submitted forged documentation to
the IRS in support of his claims.

The activities occurred between October 2006 and April 2012.

The investigation was conducted by the IRS, Criminal Investigations.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Phillip J. Caraballo.

___ (c)2016 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-1PO-Doctor-accused-of-tax-evasion-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2016

                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2012 Thursday

Indiana: [ISP] Lengthy Investigation Results in Three Arrested on Numerous
Felony Counts

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Indianapolis


The State of Indiana has issued the following news release:

oday Indiana State Police, armed with arrest warrants, arrested 38-year-old
Julie Marshall and 23-year old Steven Warren both of Madison, and 61-year-old
Rita Smith of Milton, KY, as a result of an investigation which began in
October, 2011.  This investigation led to the execution of five search warrants
on July 18, 2012 in Jefferson and Clark Counties including the business Needful
Things in Madison and Clarksville for alleged Racketeering and other financial
violations.  As a result of this investigation, not only did investigators
uncover numerous alleged financial and business crimes, the investigation has
resulted in numerous drug related charges as well.  Marshall was arrested at her
residence, Warren was arrested at his residence and Smith was arrested at
Needful Things in Madison.  All three were arrested without incident and
transported to the Jefferson County Jail.

Arrested and Charges:

Julie Marshall
-Dealing in a Synthetic Drug in the amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony IC
35-48-4-10
-Conspiracy to Deal a Synthetic Drug in an amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony
IC 35-48-4-10
-Possession of a Synthetic Drug in the amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony IC
35-48-4-11
-Dealing in a Synthetic Drug, Class D Felony IC 35-48-4-10
-Maintaining a Common Nuisance, 2 Cts, Class D Felony IC 35-48-4-13
-Corrupt Business Influence, 2 Cts, Class C Felony IC 35-45-6-2
-Theft counts, 7 Cts, Class D Felony IC 35-43-4-2
-Income Tax Evasion 5 Cts, Class D Felony IC 6-3-6-11
-Withholding Tax Evasion 14 Cts , Class D Felony IC 6-3-4-8
-Sales Tax Evasion 2 Cts, Class D Felony IC 6-2.5-9-3

Rita Smith
-Dealing in a Synthetic Drug in the amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony IC
35-48-4-10
-Conspiracy to Deal a Synthetic Drug in an amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony
IC 35-48-4-10
-Dealing in a Synthetic Drug, Class D Felony IC 35-48-4-10
-Maintaining a Common Nuisance, Class D Felony IC 35-48-4-13
-Corrupt Business Influence, Class C Felony IC 35-45-6-2

Steven Warren
-Dealing in a Synthetic Drug in the amount over 2 grams, Class D Felony IC
35-48-4-10

Persons arrested are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty in a court
of law.

For more information please visit: http://www.in.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             April 27, 2008 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

MOSCOW FREES FORMER ATOMIC ENERGY LEADER;
ADAMOV, UNDER INDICTMENT IN PITTSBURGH, UNLIKELY TO BE TRIED HERE, U. S.
OFFICIALS SAY

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 1430 words


Once considered such a risk to reveal nuclear secrets that a grandstanding
Russian politician wanted commandos to "liquidate" him, a former Russian atomic
energy minister under indictment in Pittsburgh is a free man after serving two
months of his 5 1/2-year prison sentence.

A Moscow court released Yevgeny Adamov last week after suspending his sentence
on a conviction of defrauding the Russian government of $31 million in a plot
involving the sale of Russian uranium on the world market.

U.S. authorities will not comment on the release.

But Mr. Adamov remains charged here with money-laundering, conspiracy to
transfer stolen securities and tax evasion in connection with another scheme to
steal $9 million in U.S. funds intended to upgrade outdated nuclear reactors in
Russia, Ukraine and Lithuania.

In 2005, a grand jury in Pittsburgh said Mr. Adamov, 67, and a partner, Mark
Kaushansky, 56, of Monroeville, diverted the money into two shell companies with
accounts in Pittsburgh, Delaware, France and Monaco.

Mr. Kaushansky, a Ukrainian immigrant and former Westinghouse nuclear power
plant engineer who looked up to Mr. Adamov as a "father figure," is scheduled to
be released in October from federal prison in Morgantown, W.Va., where he's
serving 15 months for tax evasion.

But in Moscow, according toRussian news sources, Mr. Adam-ov continues to insist
on his innocence. He has vowed to appeal the verdict, seek acquittal and
"investigate" those responsible for bringing the charges.

In February, a Moscow judge said Mr. Adamov and two Russian co-defendants
conspired to essentially steal a majority of the shares in a U.S.-Russian joint
venture, Global Nuclear Services and Supply, which was created to remove uranium
from Russian nuclear weapons, downgrade it and use it in power plants in the
United States.

Both of the accused co-conspirators were convicted but also given suspended
sentences.

With Mr. Adamov no longer in custody, it's not clear what will happen to the
U.S. charges, but he will probably never appear for trial here. The United
States has no extradition treaty with Russia and the case likely will remain in
limbo.

Mr. Adamov's lawyer for the U.S. case, Lanny Breuer, former White House counsel
for President Bill Clinton, didn't return messages last week, but he has argued
that Senior U.S. District Judge Maurice Cohill Jr. should dismiss the
indictment.

The judge has already expressed doubts about the government's case, saying
prosecutors can't prove that Mr. Adamov or Mr. Kaushansky skimmed international
funds.

In determining a sentence for Mr. Kaushansky on tax evasion, he accepted the
arguments of Mr. Kaushansky's lawyer, Fred Thieman, now Buhl Foundation
president, that the men weren't hiding nuclear-safety money for themselves but
trying to protect it from Russian banks.

Mr. Adamov said he funneled the money through Pennsylvania and Delaware
companies he created so he could pay his scientists as head of NIKIET, the
Research and Design Institute for Power under contract to improve power plant
safety.

Had the money been paid directly to NIKIET scientists, many of whom were living
below the poverty level, most of it would have disappeared into what Judge
Cohill agreed was a "dysfunctional Russian banking system." No one trusted the
banks, it seems.

Sergei Bocharov, who left NIKIET to become head of the International Atomic
Energy Agency in Vienna, said he kept $25,000 in cash savings at his house
instead of putting it in a Russian bank. When he wanted to transfer it to a
Swiss bank, he gave it to NIKIET, which transferred it to Mr. Adamov's Delaware
company, which in turn wired it to a Vienna bank.

Judge Cohill said the system that Mr. Adamov set up seemed to work. While other
Russian scientific institutions were suffering, NIKIET thrived, even
constructing a new building.

Judge Cohill said he doesn't believe the government's claim, built largely on
evidence put together by Ed Reiser, considered among the best agents in the
Criminal Investigation Division of the IRS, that the money transfers through
various corporate entities and bank accounts was an "elaborate fraudulent
scheme."

"The defendant's theory provides an alternative framework, one which we find
plausible while we find the other unproved," the judge ruled. "We must give the
defendant the benefit of the doubt."

The case, which Mr. Thieman, a former U.S. attorney, considers the most
fascinating of his legal career, is ultimately rooted in the 1986 nuclear
accident at Chernobyl and the upheaval following the collapse of the Soviet
Union.

NIKIET had designed the RBMK reactor used at Chernobyl and at other plants
throughout the former USSR.

Fearing another disaster, the United States and other nations in 1993 started
the "Lisbon Initiative" to provide money and technical help to upgrade 15 power
plants. Congress gave the effort $50 million a year.

Mr. Adamov, described as charismatic and brilliant, had been appointed head of
NIKIET just after the Chernobyl accident and was hailed in Russia and abroad for
cleaning up the site and redesigning the RBMK reactor to improve its safety.

He ran the agency until 1998, when President Boris Yeltsin appointed him to run
the Federal Ministry of Atomic Energy.

But his career hit a rough patch in 2001 after the Russian Duma, which is
equivalent to the U.S. House, issued a report that he had "openly demonstrated
aspirations toward monopoly management of the government enterprise for his own
personal gain."

The report caused a stir in Russia, but in his ruling in the Kaushansky case
Judge Cohill said he doesn't believe it, noting that the Russian attorney
general later found no evidence to support the allegations.

"We are not persuaded that the Duma Report is an accurate account of Adamov's
activities," Judge Cohill wrote.

Still, Mr. Adamov left his post and eventually returned to running NIKIET.

After his indictment here in 2005, he became the focus of an eight-month
extradition battle in Switzerland, where he had been arrested at the request of
the United States.

American authorities wanted him to face trial in Pittsburgh, but Russian
officials were afraid he'd reveal state secrets, including classified
information about Russia's construction of a nuclear reactor in Iran, if he were
extradited to America.

One legislator from a Russian political party known for outlandish statements
even suggested that special forces kill Mr. Adamov rather than let him be
extradited.

Some legislators feared he might give up sensitive information in exchange for
leniency or under torture. Russia won the battle and Mr. Adamov has been there
ever since.

But the trial and last week's early release has generated new suspicions in
Russia that the prosecution there was little more than a show.

Environmental groups in Russia that have accused Mr. Adamov of corruption have
said from the beginning that they didn't have much faith in the Russian court
system.

"I don't think the investigation was carried out adequately and that Adamov will
be subjected to adequate punishment," Vladimir Silvyak, co-chairman of
Ecodefence environmental group, told the Web site for Bellona, a nonprofit that
fights nuclear contamination in Russia."I am sure that they didn't turn him over
to American authorities and instead trumped up a case in Russia in order that he
not be subjected to more severe punishment."

Mr. Silvyak told Bellona that the spread of corruption under Mr. Adamov was
"unbelievable" but that "nobody paid any attention to it so long as the
Americans didn't bring him to account -- in Russia, it simply didn't interest
anyone."

For his part, Mr. Adamov has always maintained that he's a champion of nuclear
responsibility.

After the Chernobyl cleanup, he spoke at international conferences on the
subject and in fact first met Mr. Kaushansky at a presentation he gave for
Western scientists in 1988 in France.

When Westinghouse began courting NIKIET for business, Mr. Kaushansky became Mr.
Adamov's translator, friend and business partner. The men and their wives grew
so close that they became the shareholders in one of the U.S. corporations they
established to manage investments, Omeka Ltd., of Monroeville. Omeka is one of
the entities that the IRS here said was a shell company controlled by Mr.
Adamov.

True or not, he's now free, the prosecutor in Russia says he won't appeal and
the U.S. attorney's office can't do much about any of it, although $2.5 million
in a Monaco account remains frozen.

Mr. Adamov apparently isn't going anywhere. According to news accounts, he's
right back where he started -- running NIKIET.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove can be reached at tove@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1652.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Dmitry Lekay/AFP/Getty Images: Former nuclear energy minister
Yevgeny Adamov is seen behind bars during a court session in Moscow on April 17.
A Russian court released the ex-minister accused of embezzling millions of
dollars.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.

                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday

The State

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 353 words


OCEANSIDE

Menorah

gets display

at City Hall

A15-foot tall menorah will be displayed at City Hall to celebrate Hanukkah,
alongside Santa Claus and his sleigh.

The handmade symbol of the Jewish holiday will be lit with real flames one night
and have electric lights on the rest of its 10-day run in December.

SACRAMENTO

Referendum allowed

on slot machines

A Sacramento County Superior Court judge has ruled that voters should be allowed
to weigh in on a deal between Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and one of the state's
richest Indian tribes.

The deal would allow the Agua Caliente Band of Cahuilla Indians in Palm Springs
to install thousands of additional slot machines. In exchange, the tribe would
share a percentage of its profits with the state.

Judge Lloyd Connelly said Tuesday that a referendum on the deal can go before
voters Feb. 5.

LOS ANGELES

Lawyer gets 3 years

for tax evasion

A civil-rights lawyer known for high-profile cases against police and President
Bush was sentenced Tuesday to three years in prison for federal tax evasion,
bankruptcy fraud and money laundering.

Stephen Yagman, 63, had been found guilty of trying to avoid paying more than
$100,000 in federal income taxes while living what prosecutors painted as a
lavish lifestyle.

PASADENA

Man gets life for

killing three in family

A former Marine has pleaded guilty to first-degree murder for the March 2004
shooting deaths of his wife, adult son and father-in-law.

After Tuesday's plea, a Pasadena Superior Court judge immediately sentenced
59-year-old Murray Smith to life in prison without the possibility of parole.

Smith shot and killed the three family members in Duarte on March 14, 2004.

SANTA ANA

City to pay $50M

to paralyzed women

The city of Dana Point said Tuesday it will pay $50 million to two women who
were paralyzed after a car struck them while they jogged in a bike lane.

Carol Daniel, 42, and Stacy Neria, 35, both of San Clemente, will split the
money under a settlement agreement.

The women were jogging along Pacific Coast Highway with two other friends on
April 8, 2006, when driver William Todd Bradshaw hit them from behind.

|  Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 22, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Guilty Plea Made in Trial Over Shelters From KPMG

BYLINE: By LYNNLEY BROWNING

SECTION: Section C; Column 6; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 675 words


A businessman pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of conspiracy and fraud and
agreed to help federal prosecutors pursue indicted former employees of the
accounting firm KPMG in a widening investigation into questionable tax shelters.

The businessman, Chandler Stuart Moisen, who appeared in Federal District Court
in Manhattan, is the third person to enter a guilty plea in the tax shelter
investigation, which has ensnared accountants, bankers, lawyers and investment
advisers.

An assistant United States attorney, Stanley Okula, told the court yesterday
that Mr. Moisen was expected to testify against some of the 16 KPMG defendants
who are scheduled to stand trial in September over questionable tax shelters
that prosecutors say deprived the Treasury of billions of dollars in taxes.

Although Mr. Moisen is a relatively minor figure in the tax shelter inquiry, his
offer to cooperate with the prosecution could have major consequences for the
KPMG defendants, in particular for Robert Pfaff, a former KPMG partner with whom
Mr. Moisen worked closely to sell questionable tax shelters.

Mr. Moisen lived recently in Park City, Utah, and has lived in Colorado,
Southern California and abroad.

The charges against Mr. Moisen refer to a Denver accountant and a former KPMG
partner but do not name Mr. Pfaff. Mr. Moisen's lawyer, Thomas H. Beinert Jr.,
however, confirmed that Mr. Pfaff is the Denver accountant referred to in the
court filing.

David Scheper, a lawyer for Mr. Pfaff, could not be reached for immediate
comment.

In exchange for pleading guilty to one count of tax fraud conspiracy and one
count of wire fraud for making and selling bogus tax shelters, Mr. Moisen, 51,
waived his right to a trial and will not be indicted. He faces as much as 35
years in prison.

In a statement before the court, Mr. Moisen said, ''During the 1990s and up to
the early 2000s, I was involved with several individuals in creating tax
shelters.'' He said his involvement included marketing the shelters, finding
wealthy investors to buy them, referring clients to Mr. Pfaff, among others, and
hiding money earned through selling the shelters. The shelters were known as
ZENS, for zero enhanced note structure; 357c; and Midco.

According to the felony information filed against Mr. Moisen, from 1993 to 2002,
he enabled millions of dollars to be transferred to companies in the Philippines
and in Norway that served as ''puppets'' to carry out the bogus tax shelters for
wealthy investors.

Mr. Moisen also worked with several co-conspirators, including a former senior
banker at the HVB Group, Domenick DeGiorgio. In August 2005, Mr. DeGiorgio
pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy, fraud and tax evasion for making and
selling bogus tax shelters while at the New York office of HVB, the large German
bank. In March, David Rivkin, a former partner at KPMG in San Diego who was
indicted with the 16 other former KPMG employees, pleaded guilty to charges of
conspiracy and tax evasion and agreed to help prosecutors against his indicted
former colleagues.

According to the felony information, Mr. Moisen, Mr. DeGiorgio and Mr. Pfaff had
elaborate fee-splitting arrangements for the millions of dollars they earned
from their sales of tax shelters.

In the felony information, prosecutors also cite an August 2001 e-mail message
from Mr. Moisen to Mr. DeGiorgio titled ''Us getting rich.'' In it, Mr. Moisen
writes: ''Dom, one of my recurring nightmares involves you/me and our receipt of
$. The first used to be that somehow the bank would catch you and we would all
go to jail because we were violating federal banking laws.''

Apparently referring to Mr. Pfaff, he went on: ''That concern of course was
started by Bob and has largely dissipated. The second nightmare is that the
I.R.S. catches on and you/we are nailed for income tax evasion. People go to
jail for that one.''

Mr. Moisen then wrote, ''I would assume that the government would not have a lot
of mercy, considering that the source of the funds was profits from tax
shelters.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company

                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 20, 1997, Saturday,

FATHER, SON PLEAD GUILTY TO FRAUD;
 THE OWNER OF MAINELY PAYROLL AND HIS SON WERE ACCUSED OF DIVERTING UP TO $ 2
MILLION IN PAYROLL TAXES TO THEIR PERSONAL USE.

BYLINE: Betty Adams Guy Gannett Service

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


A year and a half after Mainely Payroll closed and left 125 businesses holding
the bag for back taxes and payroll checks, the company's owner and one of his
sons pleaded guilty to federal income tax evasion and other charges.

Clifford Levesque, 54, owner of Mainely Payroll, and Michael Levesque, 28,
entered guilty pleas in U.S. District Court in Portland Friday morning and were
released on personal recognizance until their sentencing.

''Instead of paying the IRS as the clients expected, (Clifford Levesque)
diverted $ 2 million for his personal use and to invest in businesses owned by
his son,'' said U.S. Attorney Jay McCloskey at a press conference in Augusta
Friday afternoon.

McCloskey said it was the largest case of federal tax evasion filed in Maine. He
estimated the Levesques' actions resulted in a total tax loss of between $ 2
million and $ 2.5 million.

Mainely Payroll, an Augusta firm that processed payroll checks and tax
withholding payments for companies in Central Maine, shut down in May 1996 and
Clifford Levesque filed for bankruptcy shortly afterward.

The abrupt closing left 186 creditors claiming they were defrauded of upwards of
$ 1 million.

Both Levesques pleaded guilty to tax evasion, banking offenses and mail fraud.
Clifford Levesque also pleaded guilty to bankruptcy fraud and his son pleaded
guilty to theft of government funds.

The two former Augusta residents are now living in Old Orchard Beach.

McCloskey said that in the interim between the bankruptcy and the pleas, two IRS
agents and a Social Security agent sorted through ''virtually a room full of
documents.''

''Even though Clifford Levesque admitted his involvement, that was not sowith
his son,'' McCloskey said. ''The cases were made by intensive investigation.''

According to the criminal court documents, Clifford Levesque had employees fill
out income tax and tax withholding forms in pencil. He then erased the numbers
and reported smaller amounts of taxes due, funneling the difference to
businesses in which he and Michael had an interest.

They included Lube Plus, an oil-change business, Subs Plus, and a used car
business.

___________________________________________________________________________

They hoped to recover money Clifford Levesque had been diverting from Mainely
Payroll accounts since the fall of 1993.

The Levesques face prison terms of up to 30 years and a fine of $ 1 million on
each mail fraud charge and banking offense.

Tax evasion and bankruptcy fraud charges carry maximum prison terms of five
years and fines of up to $ 250,000. Theft of government funds carries a maximum
prison term of 10 years and a fine of up to $ 250,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Information below broken line ran in coast and york editions only.

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.

                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 2, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Briefly ...

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 64 words



Heidi Fleiss and her doctor dad pleaded innocent to tax evasion and money
laundering Monday in an L.A. court. Fleiss' lawyer said he'd use the case to
unveil names of the alleged Hollywood madam's customers. . . . If you want to
reach a star, check out the 1994-1995 Star Guide. It lists addresses for 3,200
celebs. Order from Axiom Information Resources: 313-761-4842.

LOAD-DATE: August 03, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: People

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.

                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      July 28, 1994 Thursday FINAL EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 799 words


WOMAN FOUND SLAIN, MAN

HURT IN KENSINGTON HOUSE

Philadelphia homicide detectives early today were investigating the shooting
death of a woman inside a West Kensington house in the 3500 block of Ella
Street.

Police were called to the scene at 11:21 last night. They found the woman dead
of multiple gunshot wounds and a man, also inside the house, suffering
from a beating. He was taken to Temple University Hospital for treatment.

Investigators withheld their names pending notification of relatives. The motive
for the shooting and beating was not immediately known. Police reported no
arrests.

HAIR-REPLACEMENT WORKERS

PLEAD GUILTY TO TAX EVASION

A manager and an employee of a South Jersey hair-replacement company pleaded
guilty to income tax evasion yesterday in federal court.

Robert S. Calderone, 50, of Pennsauken, office and marketing manager for
International Cosmetics Labs of Cinnaminson, pleaded guilty to charges of
conspiracy to defraud the United States and two counts of filing false tax
returns. ICL employee James J. O'Neill Jr., 34, of Sewell in South Jersey,
pleaded guilty to two counts of filing false tax returns. U.S. District Judge
John R. Padova set sentencing for both men for Oct. 27.

On July 18, they were accused of tax evasion by the U.S. Attorney's Office in a
criminal information. Also named were ICL president Frank T. Polsenberg, 52, of
Harleysville, Montgomery County, and two other employees. All are expected to
plead guilty. The information alleges that Polsenberg and Calderone conspired to
hide ICL's receipts from tax officials by encouraging customers to pay with cash
or blank cashier's or treasurer's checks.

STATE PLANS TO GIVE PHILA.

$415,000 FOR AIDS HOME

The governor's office said yesterday that the state would provide $415,000 to
help Philadelphia operate the Betak nursing home for people with AIDS while city
officials developed a long-range plan. The city will be able to use the
funds to begin planning for health and support services for young adults who are
homeless, or at risk of becoming homeless, because of AIDS.

"This is a real opportunity for the entire community to continue its
partnership, together with the state, to assure a stable and viable service
system for people with AIDS," said Philadelphia Health Commissioner Estelle
Richman.

The state provided $100,000 in June to keep the home open through July. The city
contributed $50,000, and $80,000 was contributed by four area health-care
organizations. Betak is owned and operated by the Lutheran Home of Germantown.

DEATH OF A PHILA. MAN

IS 23D LINKED TO HEAT

Michael Thomas, 40, became the 23d person in Philadelphia whose death was
related to extreme heat this summer, the city Health Department said yesterday.

Thomas, of Germantown, died at 1:48 a.m. Tuesday in the intensive-care unit of
Albert Einstein Medical Center, according to Health Department spokesman Jeff
Moran.

Moran said that officials yesterday determined that the primary cause of Thomas'
death was an adverse reaction to drugs, but that extreme heat also contributed.

CASEY BACKS LEGISLATION

TO EASE ADOPTION RULES

Gov. Casey opened an adoption conference yesterday in Harrisburg by announcing
his support for legislation that he said would make adoptions easier.

The legislation is sponsored by Rep. Kevin Blaum (D., Luzerne). It would reduce
the six-month waiting period for adoptions, expand access to adoption-
counseling services, allow children age 12 and older to petition for termination
of parental rights, and establish a central registry of birth parents and people
seeking to adopt.

SMOKE BRINGS FIREFIGHTERS

TO HIGH-RISE WHERE 3 DIED

Philadelphia firefighters experienced some anxious moments yesterday afternoon
when they responded to a fire report on South Penn Square and spotted smoke
coming from the fourth-floor of the former One Meridian Plaza office building.
Three of their co-workers died battling a fire there in February 1991.

A search of the scarred and vacant building revealed no fire. However, in the
third subbasement of the adjoining Two Mellon Bank Center building, left vacant
by the same deadly blaze, firefighters found the source of the smoke: smoldering
wire.

Fire officials said vandals had set fire to some wiring in an effort to burn off
the insulation. Once the protective cover is gone, the vandals rip out the wire
and sell it to junkyards for its value in copper, officials said. Smoke from the
wire followed pipe routes to the fourth floor of the 22-story Meridian building,
officials said. The fire, reported at 4:32 p.m., was placed under control at
5:39 p.m. It caused traffic to be temporarily rerouted from the area, setting
off major rush-hour tieups in Center City.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Greek banker faces U.S. charges

BYLINE: Kim Dixon, Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 173  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A Credit Suisse banker was arrested in New York and was being moved to Florida
for a court appearance, according to a law enforcement source familiar with the
case.

The banker, Christos Bagios, is being transferred to Fort Lauderdale in Florida,
where several high-profile tax evasion cases have been tried, including those
involving the government's tax fraud cases against UBS AG.

The New York Times reported on Monday that Bagios, a Greek citizen, has been
charged with conspiracy and fraud in connection with Credit Suisse's work in
offshore accounts.

The law enforcement source had no details about charges against Bagios.

Credit Suisse declined to make a comment.

Bagios previously worked for UBS AG, according to that bank's website.

The United States has been looking for other banks that may be aiding Americans
evade taxes abroad after UBS paid $780 million and agreed to hand over nearly
5,000 account names to the U.S. government to settle tax evasion charges.

A UBS representative said the bank was unaware of any new probe of the bank.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 13, 2008 Thursday

Neways asks U.S. district court to dismiss trademark infringement suit

BYLINE: By Pamela Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 246 words


The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday upheld the tax evasion and
tax fraud convictions of the founders of Neways Inc., a Springville multilevel
marketing company, and its former corporate counsel.

The Denver-based court rejected the appeals of the three - Thomas E. Mower; his
ex-wife, Leslie DeeAnn Mower; and James Louis Thompson, a now-disbarred Orem
attorney - who claimed they were convicted by a jury on insufficient evidence.

At a 2005 trial, federal prosecutors alleged that the three concealed more than
$1 million in receipts received from Neways Australia and more than $3 million
in commission income the Mowers received from U.S., Australian and Malaysian
distributorships.

Neways manufactures, markets and sells personal-care and nutritional products in
the United States and about two dozen foreign countries.

The jury convicted each of the Mowers of one count of conspiracy to defraud the
United States and six counts of tax evasion. Thompson was convicted of one count
each of conspiracy and of corruptly impeding the due administration of tax laws.

Thomas Mower was sentenced to 33 months in prison, while his former wife was
ordered to spend 27 months behind bars. The two also were ordered to pay back
taxes.

Thompson, who served as counsel for Neways from 1995 to 1997, was sentenced to a
year and a day in prison.

The Mowers sold Neways in 2006 to Golden Gate Capital, a San Francisco-based
company that had invested in Herbalife.

pmanson@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday

Neways sold to California investors

BYLINE: By Linda Fantin and Pam Manson The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 294 words


Posted: 2:46 PM-

Two months before they begin serving prison terms for tax evasion, Thomas and
Leslie Mower have sold Neways International to the San Francisco-based company
that has invested heavily in Herbalife.

Golden Gate Capital did not disclose the financial details behind its
acquisition of Springville-based Neways. But the private equity firm, along with
Whitney & Co., paid $685 million for Herbalife in 2002 then took the company
public.

The Mowers said in a statement that selling the dietary supplement and personal
care company they founded in 1992 was "one of the hardest decisions of our
lives."

The couple disclosed plans to sell the company two months ago in court filings,
citing "personal differences."

The Mowers, who divorced in July 2000, came from humble beginnings but together
built one of the largest multilevel marketing companies in the world in Utah
County.

In 2005 they were convicted on six counts of tax evasion and one count of
conspiracy to defraud for concealing more than $1 million in receipts received
from Neways Australia and more than $3 million in commission income the couple
received from U.S., Australian and Malaysian distributorships.

On Sept. 14, U.S. District Judge Dale Kimball rejected the Mowers' pleas for
probation and sentenced Thomas Mower to 33 months in prison and a $75,000 fine.
His ex-wife, Dee, was ordered to spend 27 months behind bars and pay a $60,000
fine. Their prison terms were to begin Monday, but Nov. 1 the judge extended the
deadline to Jan. 8.

Kimball also sentenced James Louis Thompson, an Orem lawyer who served as
counsel for Neways from 1995 to 1997, to 366 days in prison. Thompson, now
disbarred, was found guilty of conspiracy and of corruptly impeding the due
administration of tax laws.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved
