
                              501 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     December 3, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Race-baiting shows Gore's desparation

BYLINE: Jim Wooten, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 8G

LENGTH: 664 words

Twenty-two days after the election and three days after George W. Bush won
Florida for the second time, Al Gore played the race card.

You knew he would.

A disproportionate number of the improperly cast ballots came from minority
areas, opined Gore, because the rich people get the good voting machines and
leave the dregs for the poor.

It's the shopworn old race-baiting routine employed yet again by an increasingly
desperate class-warfare politician who uses every subtly divisive phrase he can
construct to destroy what he cannot have. He emotes it with a smug cleverness of
the schoolboy who rats out his classmates in a way that he's just sure doesn't,
literally, make him a tattletale, for he imagines his deviousness much too
clever to be detected, or if detected to be ascribed to venality.

Overexposure comes early with Gore. That is especially true in these trying days
that followed Bush's victory in Florida as he moved from media-moment to
managed-mike in a desperate effort to keep public opinion at bay. In his emoted
announcements, he plants poison pills, all the while professing his deep and
abiding sincerity.

"If I did not win," Gore said three days after Bush had been certified the
winner in Florida, "the first thing I would do is turn my attention to trying to
help Governor Bush unify the country behind his leadership and make sure there
was no question about the legitimacy of his win."

And this: "The only way to avoid having a cloud over the next president is to
count all the votes, because our country is based on the consent of the
governed, and the consent of the governed can only come through a vote by the
people."

He thus feigns statesmanship while deliberately devaluing the currency of the
office he seeks. If he cannot have it, he can further destroy its authority. The
radicalism of the Children of the '60s arises once again in the politics of the
Left: The institutions they cannot control, or shape to their will, they
destroy.

Even the threats of the '60s radicals are revived. "The people of Florida have
the right to select the candidate for president," Gore said on CNN in his media
blitz. "If the politicians ever tried to take that away from the people, I think
you'd see quite a negative response." What "negative response" ? An unnamed
"senior adviser" filled in the blanks later for The Wall Street Journal. "My
personal view," the adviser offered, "is all hell is going to break loose" with
large-scale street protests.

What we have here, then, is a defeated candidate who recognizes that his
political career is ended. There won't be a 2004. No presumed entitlement to a
rematch. And why?

Beneath the surface, Democrats and the commentators who love them are furious
with Gore. You see it surface in the second half of their commentary, after
they've taken the cheap shots at Bush and his obvious-to-them inferiority and
unworthiness. But it's clear they blame Gore and what they see as a badly run
campaign for producing a Bush victory. A second shot for Gore? Never. It's over.
He has no Tennessee and no New York.

In reality, he ran a super campaign, stringing together the Left's
constituencies with old-style class-warfare populism, identifying and turning
out the vote and getting the late undecideds to break his way. The commentary
class thinks he should have employed Bill Clinton more aggressively to energize
and turn out the Democratic vote. That vote, though, turned out anyway. But none
of that matters now. The indictment sticks. Gore blew it.

The nation is left to watch the stalking of the presidency, an obsession
spinning out threats and poison veiled in the thin gauze of patriotism. First,
our reaction is to say: Stop, you're making me uncomfortable. Coming soon: Stop,
you're scaring me. And then we frantically look for a phone to call 911.

Jim Wooten's column appears Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays.

Editor of the Journal editorial pages
e-mail: jwooten@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              502 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 28, 1998, Monday, METRO EDITION

Macdonald's Mikado still sounds fresh

BYLINE: By William Littler TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 539 words


   It was life as usual in the town of Titipu over the weekend - a head to be
cut off, a wife to be buried alive, all in the cause of merriment.

Bill Clinton was there, in absentia, along with Jean Cretien and Mike Harris,
occupying places on Ko-Ko's list of society offenders, and somewhere in the
wings, giggling wickedly, squatted the spirit of Brian Macdonald, the irreverent
genius of the Canadian musical theatre.

Macdonald's staging of Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado, originally for the
Stratford Festival in 1982, most recently for the National Arts Centre this
summer, has been recognized as a landmark event in this country's theatre
history and not without reason.

As anyone who giggled along at the Living Arts Centre's Hammerson Hall in
Mississaugua on Saturday night must have appreciated, here is an almost ideal
wedding of creative and reproductive talents, all of them bent on the tickling
of our funnybones.

The ghost of W.S. Gilbert may wince a little at the rewriting and updating of
some of his lyrics by David Mayerovich, as may the ghost of Arthur Sullivan the
tarting up by Berthold Carriere of some of his music. As for D'Oyly Carte
purists (among whom I have cast an occasional lot), just what they would make of
the phenomenon of Richard McMillan beggars imagining.

McMillan is this production's emblematic performer. An elongated Japanese
porcelain come to life, he plays Pooh-Bah, Lord High Everything Else, as a
hissing, sneering, karate-choping encyclopedia of venality, spraying the air
with sarcasm and eating up the stage with an appetite that would put Jerry Lewis
on a diet.

The last performing survivor of the original Stratford production, he has taken
Pooh-Bah's bribes some 500 times, in places as far afield as New York, Victoria
and London, without losing his evident relish for the joys of corruption.

That is the wonder of this production, how fresh it still looks after all these
years. Susan Benson's inspired designs, the product of her ability to evoke,
with Japanese economy, a world of meaning from a moon-lit sky, a curtain of
apple blossoms and a folding fan, provide the perfect frame for Macdonald's
constantly animated stage.

And Macdonald himself, a choreographer before he became a director, has seen to
it that the watchwork mechanism he crafted all of 16 years ago continues to tick
with its parts in almost Swiss-precise synchronization.

The watch initially ran a little too fast this time, with conductor Stephen
Woodjetts setting tempi that almost denied the music a chance to breathe.
Over-amplification also gave the voices an unneccessarily hard edge.

But they were generally good voices, including Glynis Ranney's Yum-Yum, Thomas
Goerz's Pish-Tush and Avery Saltzman's Americanized Ko-Ko, with John Tessier a
stand-out Nanki-Poo and John Avey a plushly sonorous Mikado.

Sadly, they probably won't be heard in this production again, since Mississauga
followed Ottawa and Victoria to become the last stop on the revival tour.

On the other hand, who would have guessed in 1982 that the citizens of Titipu
would turn up in 1998? Like the flowers that bloom in the spring, tra-la, the
Macdonald Mikado deserves to become perennial.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOUR PHOTO: GRAND POO-BAH: Richard McMillan, last performing survivor
of the original 1982 Stratford production of The Mikado, sings the Poo-Bah role
with great relish.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              503 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     September 28, 1998, Monday, Edition 1

MACDONALD'S MIKADO STILL SOUNDS FRESH

BYLINE: William Littler

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 567 words


Review


 MUSIC CRITIC
 It was life as usual in the town of Titipu over the weekend - a
 head to be cut off, a wife to be buried alive, all in the cause
 of merriment.
 Bill Clinton was there, in absentia, along with Jean Cretien and
 Mike Harris, occupying places on Ko-Ko's list of society
 offenders, and somewhere in the wings, giggling wickedly,
 squatted the spirit of Brian Macdonald, the irreverent genius of
 the Canadian musical theatre.
 Macdonald's staging of Gilbert and Sullivan's The Mikado,
 originally for the Stratford Festival in 1982, most recently for
 the National Arts Centre this summer, has been recognized as a
 landmark event in this country's theatre history and not without
 reason.
 As anyone who giggled along at the Living Arts Centre's Hammerson
 Hall in Mississaugua on Saturday night must have appreciated,
 here is an almost ideal wedding of creative and reproductive
 talents, all of them bent on the tickling of our funnybones.
 The ghost of W.S. Gilbert may wince a little at the rewriting and
 updating of some of his lyrics by David Mayerovich, as may the
 ghost of Arthur Sullivan the tarting up by Berthold Carriere of
 some of his music. As for D'Oyly Carte purists (among whom I have
 cast an occasional lot), just what they would make of the
 phenomenon of Richard McMillan beggars imagining.
 McMillan is this production's emblematic performer. An elongated
 Japanese porcelain come to life, he plays Pooh-Bah, Lord High
 Everything Else, as a hissing, sneering, karate-choping
 encyclopedia of venality, spraying the air with sarcasm and
 eating up the stage with an appetite that would put Jerry Lewis
 on a diet.
 The last performing survivor of the original Stratford
 production, he has taken Pooh-Bah's bribes some 500 times, in
 places as far afield as New York, Victoria and London, without
 losing his evident relish for the joys of corruption.
 That is the wonder of this production, how fresh it still looks
 after all these years. Susan Benson's inspired designs, the
 product of her ability to evoke, with Japanese economy, a world
 of meaning from a moon-lit sky, a curtain of apple blossoms and a
 folding fan, provide the perfect frame for Macdonald's constantly
 animated stage.
 And Macdonald himself, a choreographer before he became a
 director, has seen to it that the watchwork mechanism he crafted
 all of 16 years ago continues to tick with its parts in almost
 Swiss-precise synchronization.
 The watch initially ran a little too fast this time, with
 conductor Stephen Woodjetts setting tempi that almost denied the
 music a chance to breathe. Over-amplification also gave the
 voices an unneccessarily hard edge.
 But they were generally good voices, including Glynis Ranney's
 Yum-Yum, Thomas Goerz's Pish-Tush and Avery Saltzman's
 Americanized Ko-Ko, with John Tessier a stand-out Nanki-Poo and
 John Avey a plushly sonorous Mikado.
 Sadly, they probably won't be heard in this production again,
 since Mississauga followed Ottawa and Victoria to become the last
 stop on the revival tour.
 On the other hand, who would have guessed in 1982 that the
 citizens of Titipu would turn up in 1998? Like the flowers that
 bloom in the spring, tra-la, the Macdonald Mikado deserves to
 become perennial.



LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAND POO-BAH:
 Richard McMillan, last performing survivor of the original 1982 Stratford
production of The Mikado, sings the Poo-Bah role with great relish.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              504 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 24, 1998, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

MOVIES;
THE CON IS ON;
'Prisoner' unlocks games people play

BYLINE: Eleanor Ringel

SECTION: PREVIEW; Pg. 01P Eleanor Ringel

LENGTH: 478 words


REVIEW "The Spanish Prisoner" Grade: A-. Starring Campbell Scott and Steve
Martin. Directed by David Mamet. Rated PG for language and mild violence. At
Garden Hills. 1 hour, 52 minutes. The verdict: More fiendish fun 'n' games with
David Mamet. David Mamet is up to his old games --- as in his first film, "House
of Games," that is --- in "The Spanish Prisoner," an insubstantial but
tremendously entertaining con game of a movie. The sucker being set up is Joe
Ross (Campbell Scott), a straight-arrow "Boy Scout" who happens to be a genius
inventor. Joe has come up with "The Process" (a McGuffin so perfect that even
Hitchcock would guffaw). It has something to do with global warming, and it
could make Joe's company gazillions of dollars. But what if the company doesn't
play fair? What if, as the trusting Joe reluctantly begins to suspect, it takes
the money (and the credit) and turns him out on his ear? After all, he has
nothing in writing, and as one character repeatedly says in one form or another,
"We have no idea who anybody really is." Good point. And if we don't know who
anybody is, who do we trust? Joe's boss (Ben Gazzara) keeps promising a windfall
but never gets down to specifics. The company's new secretary (Rebecca Pidgeon)
seems to have a huge crush on Joe, but could her fawning be feigned? There's
always his best friend, George (Ricky Jay), but he's also the company attorney.
Joe chooses to trust --- well, sort of --- Jimmy Dell (Steve Martin), an
apparently well-connected but certainly mysterious businessman. Jimmy is the
sort of guy who travels by seaplane (or does he?) and can set up a personal
Swiss bank account in a flash (or can he?). Still, while Jimmy may be a
smoothie, at least he seems to be on Joe's side, pushing him to get answers in
writing, to get his own lawyer, to look out for himself for a change. Mamet
keeps us guessing every step of the way and has a devilishly good time doing it.
He understands the corporate-jungle mentality from the bottom up. He shrewdly
calibrates every pressure point --- how nagging pangs of feeling unappreciated
can be as damaging, ultimately, as the out-and-out venality of pure,
take-no-prisoners ambition. And his manipulations are so expert that, like Joe,
we start to feel everyone is suspect. Scott, with his primly chiseled good looks
and subdued manner, makes a perfect patsy/hero. He's a wronged man par
excellence. But the real scene stealer is Martin, exquisitely at home in
Mamet-land where nobody says what they mean --- or means what they say. The weak
link is Pidgeon, a.k.a. the second Mrs. Mamet. The first Mrs. Mamet, a.k.a.
Lindsay Crouse, did a whole lot better in "House of Games" in 1987. Mamet cheats
in a few places, but on the whole, "The Spanish Prisoner" is a delicious scam,
done to a turn by master games players on both sides of the camera.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Joe Ross (Campbell Scott, left) has a good idea, and the only guy he can
 trust --- sort of --- is mysterious businessman (Steve Martin)./ JAMES
 BRIDGES / Sony Pictures Classics

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              505 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 17, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

LETTERS; Being Glenn Beck

SECTION: Section MM; Column 0; Magazine Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1495 words


Beck is at the apex of a couple of iconic American inventions:
self-victimization and hyperhucksterism. In Mark Leibovich's article, Beck
claims that he needs to live behind a six-foot wall but doesn't acknowledge the
connection between his hateful words and his (perhaps real) vulnerability. We
can perhaps forgive his contradictions -- if not his venality -- because his
life-as-vaudeville-show is part of a long tradition in America: he's laughing
all the way to the bank.

ROALD EVENSEN River Falls, Wis.

As a casual follower of Beck's cable-television show who has not read any of his
books or attended any of his ''performances,'' I was interested to read of his
many personal travails on the road to conservative-ideologue stardom. He comes
across as a common man's intellectual, which is to say that his chalkboard
lectures have the patina of academia while remaining resolutely proletariat, a
term which is at once appropriate and purposely ironic, given his stated
antipathy for all things socialist. It shouldn't have surprised me that along
with the other two dominant right-wing commentators of our time, Rush Limbaugh
and Sean Hannity, Beck didn't bother to graduate from college. Despite many
philosophical differences with each of these three men, I find them highly
entertaining and mildly dangerous. Their entertainment value is obvious: they
are glib, boisterous and engaging. The danger, to me, stems from the obvious
fact that none of them had the gumption to finish college, yet they see fit to
prattle on as if they were educated men. Take this as liberal, elitist treacle
if you will, but I would greatly prefer that people who try to educate Americans
on weighty topics demonstrate that they have attempted to first get educated
themselves.

TERRENCE J. LAVIN Chicago

I think The Weekly Standard would have been harder on Beck than Leibovich was.
In its efforts to be balanced, The New York Times Magazine accommodates and
seems almost to condone some of the most dangerous voices of

the right -- as it did last year in its article about the Princeton professor
Robert George and the year before in its wining and dining of Rush Limbaugh. The
present article sets a new standard, expressing what seems to be genuine
sympathy with the man who thinks Obama is pro-Muslim and anti-Christian and
hates white people. When Beck charges that Obama's health care bill is driven by
the president's desire to ''settle old racial scores,'' one would expect, if not
a gasp, at least a raising of eyebrows. Instead, Leibovich channels Beck
himself: ''It sounds harsh, maybe, but . . . the population is too blind drunk
to recognize the reality.'' It sounds harsh? Maybe? The best is saved for the
end of the article. In response to Beck's saying that the president's religious
convictions are ''a perversion of the Gospel of Jesus Christ as most Christians
know it,'' Leibovich observes, as if Beck were a tortured romantic genius: ''He
is fragile, on the edge. There is no template for him or for where he is
headed.'' Some attention to where he is headed -- and where he is taking quite a
bit of the population -- would have been appropriate.

JEFFREY GRAY Department of English Seton Hall University South Orange, N.J.

Leibovich's snide reporting of Beck as a human being, much less the country's
favorite television sage, is true New York Times muckraking, solid antitruth
rhetoric par excellence. It made me sick to read such belligerence. But then
Leibovich shows his own colors, seeming to relish his repetitive observations of
the many times Beck has cried on TV or said something provocatively unfavorable
to left-wingers. The constant smear of this kind of verbiage did not work on
those of us who admire him and are everyday listeners. I am grateful for Beck's
teachings, which are also borne out by the truth of his scholarship, as well as
his fears, that under the current administration we are entering a politically
bankrupt ''transformative'' period in our country, identical to what I and other
former East Germans experienced when Communism reared its ugly head there. Some
of us overcame many odds to escape to America and are incensed that now we are
about to taste that ugly kind of brainwashing, big government, lies and
misrepresentations once again, here on our new home soil. Those of us who know
the truth can identify with Beck's teachings. We are going down the blind path
to the loss of our individual freedoms, forced to hand over our hard-earned
savings to make others richer, seeing corruption on the largest scale we can
imagine, all under the name of ''redistribution of wealth.'' Nowhere in the
world has this awful method ever worked. Nowhere. And you make fun of the
message-bearer?

HELGA OLSSON Closter, N.J.

The mass appeal of Glenn Beck has become possible only because the country is
going through difficult times. I believe there are two reasons for his success.
First, his audience feels a natural identification with the guy. He is imperfect
and used to be down -- just like us, either already down or afraid to become.
And he is a self-made success, as we hope to be. Second and most important, he
offers simple solutions to complex problems. And by doing this in the age of
anxiety, he restores a certainty -- what's to be done and who's to blame. By the
way, these are the same reasons for the unexpected success of quite a few Tea
Party candidates across the country. Ignorance is bliss -- they know what they
want (mostly what we all want for our country) but don't know how to achieve it
and aren't troubled by that. All of this has, of course, taken place countless
times throughout history in many a country. Always with the best of intentions,
but it has never ended well. For the sake of our children, as well as theirs,
they ought to be educated about this.

VALENTIN LYUBARSKY Brooklyn

Leibovich does not go far enough in bringing out the most consequential aspect
of Beck, which is that what he delivers to large numbers of the American people
is misinformation. The public might have been more informed about Beck if
Leibovich had undertaken to analyze whether Beck misinforms deliberately or just
out of ignorance. In my view, it is naive to think that Beck believes the many
preposterous things he preaches. He is a practiced radio disc jockey who feels
comfortable using the power of the public pulpit. He also has the ability to
talk volubly while projecting an emotional, personal belief in the false things
he is saying. Unfortunately that kind of delivery can often persuasively
override the illogic of the message.

DANIEL CRUPAIN New York

I was struck by the tragedies Beck has been through but also by his
meanspiritedness about the people he opposes. He seems deeply disrespectful of
others and to lack compassion. Yet Beck seems smart and informed (as do the
people at Fox). If so, how can he say some of the things he says, and how can
Fox allow him to broadcast statements that are demonstrably untrue? To support
such a negative message shows a failure of character.

That Beck has built a strong and sustained audience in America is the most
distressing thing to me. It suggests that the values of many Americans have
drifted from those I always thought were central to our identity -- perspective
on the world we live in, compassion for others and their viewpoints, actions
based on integrity and strong character.

I have many friends who are deeply conservative. I respect them, and they
respect me. I worry that demagogues like Beck will make conversation across
viewpoints essentially impossible, encourage intolerance and breed even deeper
cynicism and dissembling.

DAVID ROCCHIO Stowe, Vt.

It may seem crazily ironic in the information age that a character like Beck
could emerge and rise to such influence, but I'm not so sure. There he is, chalk
in hand at the blackboard, unencumbered by lofty degrees from elite
institutions, setting it all straight for us. His lectures are laced with enough
buzzwords, and his logic is just serpentine enough to leave his viewers
impressed and slightly baffled -- I'm a little lost here, but this guy is
bringing it old style! He's decoding the mess before our very eyes, the
anti-intellectual's intellectual. But as much as his professorial specs radiate
the specter of knowledge, his primary appeal isn't reason, it's emotion. He
gropes for understanding, he flaunts his imperfection, he exposes his deep and
transparent emotions like a badge, signifying his purity of heart and purpose;
in short, he is the perfect poster boy for the many among us who feel
overwhelmed and overstimulated by the complications of this modern world.

Too much information is harrowing, and the opportunity is ripe for an emissary
from that simpler (and better) time who can ratify our anxieties and identify
the enemy in our midst whom we can blame for the cosmic dread we feel. If it's
true that we have nothing to fear but fear itself, I'm getting scared.

JOHN MUSGROVE San Francisco

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY NIGEL PARRY) GRAPHIC:  MOST POPULAR LETTERS TOPIC:
''Being Glenn Beck,'' by Mark Leibovich

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              506 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday

THIS GRUBBY MONEY MAKING MACHINE ...;
COMMENTARY

BYLINE: Richard Kay

SECTION: 1ST; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 587 words


HOW appropriate that just as Paul Burrell was introducing his latest moneymaking
gimmick, a range of royalty-inspired jewellery, his brother-in-law was lining
his pocket peddling the most sordid and tasteless claims yet about Princess
Diana.

Ron Cosgrove's allegations that Burrell had boasted to him about having sex with
Diana plumb new depths of venality for a family where decency, integrity and
reputation seem to count for nothing when there's money to be made.

With his books, interviews and merchandising, Burrell himself has for years
milked his Diana connections while disguising his treachery with a creepy air of
tenderness and concern for the reputation of the very woman he was betraying.

Now with its familiar mix of secrets and lies, his whole family are cashing in,
piling fresh agony on the princess's sons, William and Harry, and spreading
disbelief among her family.

It's no wonder that to friends of Diana, Burrell's own efforts to distance
himself from Cosgrove ring hollow.

The former flunky has never been short of ways and means of raising his own
profile, just as a business opportunity looms. It is why a one-man cottage
industry in which discretion has been tossed aside by the bucketful has turned
him into a millionaire several times over. Clearly, say the friends, it has now
become a family business.

According to his brother-in-law, Burrell himself hinted at these outrageous
claims in the final page of his memoirs which ends with the tease that there is
one big secret to be divulged. Says Cosgrove: 'I think the great secret was his
big boast to me that he'd been having it away with Diana.' Yet what makes these
lurid claims so offensive is that they are palpably untrue. Leave aside the fact
that Burrell might well have confided to his brother-in-law that he was having a
physical relationship with the Princess of Wales, that she was 'sexually
demanding' and 'liked to be domineer- ing'. Put to one side, if you can, the
notion that ' they did it in the bedroom, in the bath, everywhere' and that
sleeping with the princess was part of his general duties as the Kensington
Palace butler. Just for good measure he adds the lip- smacking detail that Diana
was ' a bit **** ing kinky.' Kinky, of course, is something that Burrell himself
knows something about. His interest in women is, as Princess Diana certainly
knew well, minimal. While his loyal wife has provided Burrell with two sons and
runs the family flower shop in Farndon, Cheshire, the ex- butler lives in
Florida where he spends much of his time in the company of his gay neighbours
Ron Ruff and Chuck Webb, who have also helped him to make the most from his
celebrity. W EBB and Ruff have been friends for years and few were surprised
when Burrell, who has a history of gay liaisons, moved to America and built his
home on land next door to them.

In 1993, the year that Cosgrove claims Burrell confided in him, the princess had
just separated from Prince Charles and was mischievously being linked with all
manner of men, but not once was there any suggestion that Burrell might be one
of them.

So could he have told his brother-inlaw such things? He is, after all, a
boastful man who claimed he had misled the jury at the Diana inquest - claims he
later withdrew, of course.

And he has spent much of the last 11 years reminding everyone of how important
he was in Diana's life. But even at his most blustering and most self-important,
Paul Burrell has not stooped as low as to claim he and the princess were lovers.
Not yet, anyway..

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                   February 14, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

STATE CANNOT IGNORE OTHER CRISES ON HORIZON

BYLINE: Dan Walters

SECTION: OPINION; Syndicated columnist; Pg. 07

LENGTH: 641 words


AS MORE THAN one survivor of war has observed, there's nothing like facing death
to concentrate one's mind on the task at hand.

The same could be said of California politicians as they confront the greatest
state crisis of recent memory: a meltdown of electric utilities.

That much of today's problem is the product of past malfeasance is not even in
dispute anymore.

Clearly, the 1996 reconfiguration of utilities was flawed, clearly the Public
Utilities Commission erred repeatedly in implementing the program, and just as
clearly, Gov. Gray Davis made a huge mistake when he refused to take a few mild
steps last summer that could have averted the disaster that befell the state a
few months later.

The record, contained in hundreds of documents and media accounts of the time,
is as clear as it could be and no amount of self-serving revision of history
changes that fact.

And while utility executives and operators of power plants must shoulder some of
the onus for what happened, they could make their mistakes and exercise their
greed only because politicians created the system that allowed their venality to
prevail.

The crisis will be resolved eventually, but the cost to California, in both
financial and civic terms, will be immense. Ordinary Californians ratepayers,
taxpayers and stockholders will suffer because their elected officeholders put
short-term expediency above the public interest.

The greater question, however, is whether those same politicians, having been so
embarrassed by their dereliction on electricity, will heed a childhood aphorism:
"Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today."

The supply and cost squeeze on electric power is just the most obvious
manifestation of the problems caused by California's population growth, economic
evolution and cultural transformation.

And the same official neglect that allowed it to reach critical proportions is
also evident in other matters directly related to those same social and economic
trends.

Looming, or already hitting home, are squeezes of water supply, housing, college
education, airport capacity, highways, health care and traffic, to name but a
few of the more obvious. What's being done to prevent the shortages from
becoming full-blown crises? Nothing, or so little that it might as well be
nothing.

The tendency of Capitol politicians when confronted with one of these shortage
issues is to make sympathetic noises, throw a few dollars at it so they can
claim to have done something and then, in effect, pass it on to the next set of
officeholders.

The emphasis is on expediency and avoiding risk, rather than rational policy,
which is exactly how the electricity mess developed and why we'll wake up one
day to another crisis and wonder how we got there.

There are many specific examples of the syndrome, but consider just this one:
College planners know that hundreds of thousands of new students will be
knocking on their doors in a few years, the result of a new baby boom that began
in the 1980s and the demands of employers for better-educated workers.

But Davis and other politicians have chosen to commit hundreds of millions of
dollars to a new University of California campus near Merced that will handle,
at best, a tiny percentage of those collegiate aspirants.

And they are shunning cost-effective, albeit less sexy, investments in existing
state college and community college campuses to expand their student capacities.

The community college system's request for $186 million in one-time capital
outlay, modernization and maintenance funds, for example, was reduced to $4.2
million in Davis' 2001-02 budget, even though community colleges handle
two-thirds of the state's higher education students.

Walters is a columnist for the Sacramento Bee. Contac him at
http:/www.sacbee.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 7, 2000 Friday 2D EDITION

FACES OF WAR 'Titus' a daring adaptation

BYLINE: By Steven Rosen, Denver Post Movie Critic,

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 938 words


Titus' is Old-Testament Shakespeare.

This isn't the Bard of 1998's 'Shakespeare in Love,' a witty  work of fiction
that envisioned him as a sexy, romantic,  impassioned arts modernist.

Rather, this adaptation of his first tragedy, 'Titus  Andronicus,' revels in its
bloody disgust for humanity's  stupidity. We are seen as a race too accursed
with venality,  revenge, hatred, evil and the infliction of pain to merit
happiness.

To her credit and talent, director Julie Taymor has made her  Shakespeare seem
just as contemporary and relevant - if not as fun  and charming - as the guy who
fought with his producer and bedded  his leading lady in 'Shakespeare in Love.'
(Just to be clear,  Shakespeare did not write 'Shakespeare in Love.' It is a
work of  speculative fiction about his life.)

The Tony Award-winning director of 'The Lion King,' has, in  her first movie,
made 'Titus' stand for the post-Soviet modern  world - Kosovo to Rwanda, Kashmir
to Sierra Leone. Yet she also  has made it stand for art. It is a bold, daring,
imaginative film  that stays far ahead of our expectations. This 1999 film,
finally  opening here, is one of last year's most exciting accomplishments.

At times her ambition overwhelms her story - some key plot  points are
unconvincing, especially toward the end of the long  film. But it's also true
that her ambition is what gives this  violent work relevance. (Much of the
violence is demurely rather  than graphically presented.)

Over the centuries, 'Titus Andronicus' has been castigated as  Shakespeare's
worst and most untypical play, and it is still a  relatively unpopular one. But
in 1955, Peter Brooks staged a hit  theatrical production with Laurence Olivier
and Vivian Leigh.  Taymor herself did a stage production in 1995. (There was a
production last year in Colorado Springs.)

Shakespeare's 'Titus' is set in ancient Rome. So, too, is  Taymor's - except it
also isn't. To underscore the ruinous  modernism of her themes, the film careens
and leaps among several  time periods. Frequently, it includes elements of
different eras  simultaneously.

Its focus moves from ancient Rome to its remnants still  visible in modern Rome.
The actors dress in character to Roman  times     sometimes. But they also wear
the uniforms, drive the  vehicles, wander amid the monumental architecture, and
attend  political rallies that are reminiscent of Fascist-era Italy.

But there also are elements of today in the film's art design  - one character
looks like a snarling, Billy Idolish punk-rocker.  ('Titus' recalls Ian
McKellen's 1995 'Richard III,' set in an  ominous, 1930s-era London.)

Like another heralded Broadway director, 'American Beauty's'  Sam Mendes, Taymor
was able to lure top actors to her first film -  Anthony Hopkins and Jessica
Lange. Hopkins expertly plays the  war-weary Titus, a weathered but proud (and
sometimes caked in  otherworldly, mud-like blue paint) Roman general who returns

  triumphant from a long war with the Goths.

With him are prisoners - the Goth queen Tamora (Lange) and  her three sons. In
keeping with religious tradition, Titus  sacrifices her eldest son. But in doing
so, he turns the pleading  Tamora into a scorned hellion devoted to revenge.

Lange's Tamora is compelling, although conceptually  disorienting. With her
stylized make-up, shoulder tattoos and  glittery gold costume, she could be an
alien queen in a 'Flash  Gordon' episode.

As the story develops, Titus swears allegiance to the  corrupt, decadent new
emperor Saturninus, who surprises him by  marrying Tamora. Once in power, she
uses her surviving sons and  Moor servant Aaron to destroy Titus' family -
including the  horrific mutilation of his devoted daughter Lavinia. On the brink

  of suicidal despair, and missing a chopped-off hand, Titus finally  exacts a
revenge of true culinary terror.

The large cast has several stand-outs - Alan Cumming as the  deviously imperious
Saturninus; Harry Lennix as Aaron, a black man  who has borne too many racial
slights and insults; and Laura  Fraser as the anguished Lavinia.

'Titus' especially starts brilliantly, like Spielberg's worst  nightmare. A boy
plays with toy soldiers in his safe 20th century  (or 21st) home. Suddenly bombs
drop and he tumbles through a time  warp, falling into the Coliseum where those
soldiers are real. The  boy (Osheen Jones) then becomes Titus' grandson and
witnesses the  unfolding tragedy.

One wonders what Shakespeare would think, but Fellini would  be proud of
Taymor's surreal, circus-like vision of Rome's legacy.  The crew she has
assembled to create this world is as accomplished  as his collaborators -
production designer Dante Ferretti,  cinematographer Luciano Tovoli, costume
designer Milena Canonero,  composer Elliot Goldenthal, choreographer Giuseppi
Pennese.  'Titus' is sort of their 'Satyricon,' as well as an 'Amarcord' in
which Taymor has created a present-day world that bitterly  remembers its awful
past. Maybe 'remember' is too tame a word -  it's stuck in that past.

Titus

1/2

(Out of 4 stars)

Directed and written by: Julie Taymor

Adapted from: William Shakespeare's 'Titus Andronicus'

Photography by: Luciano Tovoli

Starring: Anthony Hopkins, Jessica Lange, Harry Lennix, Alan  Cumming, Laura
Fraser, Jonathan Rhys Meyers

Running time: 2 hours, 41 minutes

Rating: R for violence, adult subject matter

Distributed by: Miramax Films

Opens: Today at the Esquire Theatre

LOAD-DATE: April 07, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Fox Searchlight 'Titus' is based on Shakespeare's 'Titus
Andronicus,' and its cast includes Sir Anthony Hopkins, Jessica Lange and Angus
McFadyen (center).

TYPE: REVIEW

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 3, 1995 Friday

VIDEO   NEW RELEASES

BYLINE: Christopher Harris; GAM

LENGTH: 693 words


BY Christopher Harris
 Clear and Present Danger: Harrison Ford returns for a second time as Jack
Ryan (the first was in Patriot Games), the stalwart CIA agent created by
bestselling thriller writer Tom Clancy. This time, Ryan finds himself
tangled in drug-mongering conspiracies that lead from Columbia to the


White House. Reviewer Geoff Pevere wrote that the 2-1/2-hour narrative is
so densely plotted and overpopulated that it leaves the viewer limp, but
that "it occasionally coughs up hints of the movie it might have been - a
sleepy, aw-shucks idealist up against the take-no-prisoners venality of
drug lords and bureaucrats alike: Mr. Smith Goes to Hell." Note the fine
supporting performance by Henry Czerny, the Toronto actor who electrified
audiences in The Boys of St. Vincent. ()
   It Could Happen to You: This romantic comedy was originally supposed to
be called Cop Gives Waitress $2-million Tip, which was not only snappier
than the final choice, but had the virtue of neatly summing up the basic
premise of Andrew Bergman's movie. Nicolas Cage plays Charlie, a good-
hearted New York policeman who tips a downtrodden waitress (Bridget Fonda)
with the promise of half of anything he wins in that night's lottery. Lo
and behold, he wins $4-million, and gives half to waitress Yvonne - which
doesn't do much for his marriage to a shrewish Rosie Perez. Reviewer
Elizabeth Renzetti compared this cinematic fairy tale to the corny,
contrived yet inexplicably magic creations of Frank Capra. "Magic is
precisely what It Could Happen to You is after, and magic it achieves, for
the most part." ()
   Naked in New York: "First love, first job, first big break, first big
break-up - first film. Yes, we've seen it all before, yet seldom offered
with the comedic grace of Naked in New York," wrote critic Rick Groen of
this springtime theatrical release. "This is an impressively assured debut
from writer/director Dan Algrant, and an unusual one - his little picture
is complemented by some very big names, from Martin Scorsese in the
executive producer's chair to a flotilla of celebrated actors in
supporting and cameo roles. The help is surely welcome, but it's Algrant's
talent, both in the script and behind the camera, that shines through the
attendant glitter. If you need a comparison, think of Woody Allen in his
Annie Hall days." The stars of this wry comedy are Eric Stoltz and Mary-
Louise Parker, while the cameo artists include Tony Curtis and Kathleen
Turner. ()
   The Return of Tommy Tricker: Six years ago, the joys of stamp-
collecting became the unlikely premise of the Canadian children's fantasy
Tommy Tricker and the Stamp Traveller. Now writer-director Michael Rubbo
and producer Rock Demers have released a sequel, once again built around
the notion that, if you know the right incantations, you can shrink
yourself down to fit onto a postage stamp, and thereby travel the world.

The story line is high on nonsense, which is just fine, but the narrative
starts to wear thin near the end. Rubbo, however, excels at creating
realistic dialogue, and extracting convincing performances from
inexperienced child actors. (-1/2)
   The Western Collection Featuring Maureen O'Hara: That flame-haired
colleen, Maureen O'Hara, starred in films of many genres during her long
career - including a great many westerns. (She was briefly lured out of
retirement in 1991 to play John Candy's doting mother in Only the Lonely.)
MCA Home Video has now packaged four O'Hara oaters into a single
collection; Comanche Territory (1950), with O'Hara as a saloon keeper who
falls for leading man MacDonald Carey; War Arrow (1953), a cavalry versus
Indians drama co-starring Jeff Chandler; The Redhead from Wyoming, a
quintessential O'Hara vehicle from 1952; and The Rare Breed (1966), in
which she plays an Englishwoman travelling across the Wild West with her
daughter, a Hereford bull and a cowhand in the form of James Stewart.

TOP RENTALS

Here are the top 10 video rentals in Canada,  based on figures supplied by Jumbo
Video   1) The Mask   2) True Lies   3) The Client   4) Blown Away   5) Wolf
6) The Shadow   7) Maverick   8) I Love Trouble   9) Renaissance Man   10) When
a Man Loves a Woman

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 6, 1989, Monday, City Edition

Secret trial of a 'public man'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 550 words



After eight months of investigation, the House ethics committee is    finally
considering serious charges against Speaker Jim Wright,    D-Texas. The
committee spent last week hearing the report of its    special counsel, Richard
J. Phelan, a Chicago lawyer.

     But the public didn't hear any of it.

     The committee will listen to Wright's lawyer this week.

     But the public won't hear any of that either.

     The committee eventually will debate the charges and vote on its    report
to the House, which could range from absolving the speaker to    recommending
his expulsion from Congress.



   The public will still be locked out of the committee's    deliberations.

     Phelan's report, for which he and his associates have billed the
committee nearly $ 1-million so far, may eventually be released in whole    or
in part. But if it is withheld or heavily censored, the public won't    be able
to do anything about it.

     The committee's characteristic secrecy is scandalous. Wright is
suspected of misusing his office, one of the nation's most influential,    in at
least six separate ways. One of the allegations, that lobbyists    laundered
campaign funds for his personal use when they bought an    overpriced book of
Wright's essays, implies venality and contempt for    the law. Another, that he
used improper influence on federal regulators    on behalf of three fellow
Texans who owned moribund savings and loans    institutions, raises the question
of whether he is too compromised by    the nationwide S&L crisis to be any part
of the solution. These are    serious matters, and the public has no basis for
confidence in the way    the committee is handling them so long as it insists on
doing so in    secret.

     The committee has a reputation for giving House members the benefit    of
the doubt and then some. It is also infamous for clinging to the    narrowest
possible interpretation of the rules even when a member's    conduct is plainly
foul. Chairman Julian C. Dixon, D-Calif., puts the    philosophy this way: "The
ethics committee is not the place to change    the system. It is the place to
apply the standards that are in place."

     A case in point was its pussycat treatment of Fernand J. St    Germain,
D-R.I., the former House Banking Committee chairman, whom it    found guilty of
nothing worse than financial disclosure violations    despite a pattern of
questionable but lucrative private business deals.

 Seeing through the official whitewash, his own constituents turned him    out.

     The prevailing assumption on Capitol Hill is that the bipartisan
committee would bend over backwards for Wright also, even though some    House
Republicans hunger to embarrass the Democratic Party by making an    example of
its highest-ranking national figure. The best way - perhaps    the only way -
for the committee to prove its objectivity is for it to    open those closed
doors.

     You'd think that Wright himself would want them opened. It would    only be
in keeping with the title of his controversial little book,    Reflections of a
Public Man.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              511 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 2, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Economic Scene;
Democracy's hardened arteries and Washington's problems.

BYLINE: By Peter Passell

SECTION: Section D;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 831 words


HEALTH care reform stalled? Welfare reform on hold? You've heard the reasons
before and you'll hear them again: Nothing ever gets done in Washington because
the Government has been taken over by plutocrats.

Well, not quite, argues Jonathan Rauch, the author of "Demosclerosis" (Times
Books) and contributing editor to The National Journal. "The problem isn't
gridlock," he says, "the wheels are out of alignment." Democracy as practiced on
the Potomac, he says, has become a bazaar for thousands of interest groups who
represent just about everybody -- a place where "too much gets done and too
little undone."

As Mr. Rauch is first to acknowledge, he borrows freely from the work of Mancur
Olson, an economist at the University of Maryland who has spent much of his
career explaining why the "market" for government services is inefficient and
growing ever more so. But the Olson-Rauch explanation has yet to become part of
the conventional wisdom. Indeed, the causes of demosclerosis are often
celebrated as the purest expression of a free society.

A century ago, Mr. Rauch suggests, the American system of government worked
because it was small and insulated from the immediate wishes of the voters. Mr.
Rauch is not sentimental about this earlier form of democracy: Deal making in
smoke-filled rooms, he concedes, guaranteed disproportionate influence to the
rich and disenfranchised the weak. But politicians did manage to make decisions
and deliver services. And elections provided a rough check on their venality and
competence.

For better or worse, that system has been eroding for decades. While the
dominant rhetoric of American politics remains us-versus-them, Mr. Rauch argues
that us has become them. Tens of thousands of groups, as large as the American
Association of Retired Persons and as small as opponents to the local landfill
site, plead, threaten and bribe in a wasteful, chaotic struggle for influence
that corrupts politicians and alienates the general electorate.

Most essayists who serve up Big Problems feel obliged to provide Big Solutions.
Not Mr. Rauch. He dismisses the desirability (and practicality) of going
backward to a political system in which access to government is limited. He is
deeply suspicious of white knights, like Ross Perot, who would hack their way
through the cluttered field of interests in the name of the greater good. And he
is almost contemptuous of Nader-style populists who believe that the cure to
pluralism's ills is more organization designed to "spread that sweet manure" yet
further.

What, then, of proposed fixes to make politicians less dependent on campaign
contributions, less likely to view electoral politics as a career, less likely
to treat the budget as a patronage kitty -- and thus more likely to exert
independent judgment on public policy?

Mr. Rauch is not against experiments with term limits, balanced budget rules,
public financing of campaigns and other means of making politicians more
sensitive to the commonweal. But he is skeptical they would make a big
difference, since interest groups would remain free to influence who goes to
Washington by influencing the voters back home. And he worries that budget
makers would respond to a permanent diet by cutting the muscle rather than the
fat.

All that said, Mr. Rauch is not without hope. Much, he argues, could be
accomplished simply by convincing the public that the enemy is us. Still more
might happen, he suggests, if conservatives understand that flat-out opposition
to new taxes has inadvertently loosened the reins on spending and liberals get
the point that big government programs aimed at the needy have often been
hijacked by the middle class. Most intriguing is Mr. Rauch's hint that the
occasional triumphs of the collective good over individual interests in politics
could be systematically duplicated.

Consider the Tax Reform Act of 1986. "Demosclerosis" predicts that small,
focused lobbies will be more effective than large ones with widely diffuse
interests. And by that token, the collective power of 100 lobbies opposing the
elimination of small tax breaks should have overwhelmed the good government
types who wanted to lower overall tax rates at their expense.

Somehow, though, backers ranging from Senator Bill Bradley to President Ronald
Reagan managed to assemble a winning coalition in favor of tax reform that
survived long enough to pass the legislation. Similarly, backers of both the
Nafta and GATT trade agreements were able to contain the highly focused
opposition to competition from imports at least long enough to prevail.

What's missing here is a sense of what it would take to beat the system more
systematically, of the changes in political institutions that would give a
decisive edge to those who would fight the good fight. But that seems in keeping
with Mr. Rauch's inclination to practical opportunism. "Demosclerosis isn't a
problem you solve," he writes. "It's a problem you manage."


LOAD-DATE: June 2, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing.

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              512 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday

Port in a storm

BYLINE: Greg Torode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 679 words


As it steamed out of Hong Kong into the sea mists of spring at the weekend, the
USS Nimitz aircraft carrier loomed large as a symbol of the ever-more complex
Sino-US relationship. First, its visit represented the delicate diplomatic
theatre that helps keep ties stable. Relations between Beijing and Washington
may be encountering a rocky patch at present but the Nimitz visit revealed a
touch of quiet compromise.  Beijing may have scuppered military exchanges in its
orchestrated rage at the latest US arms sale to Taiwan, but still let the ship
visit, even if it refused to dignify it with any niceties as host. It was a
sign, maybe, that Beijing understood that Washington had not given Taipei
everything it asked for, and had kept it fully informed all the way through.

More broadly, the Nimitz could also be seen as a reminder that whatever tensions
and rancour might be bedevilling internal US politics, US naval ships still come
and go, irrespective of whomever is in the White House or dominating the US
Congress. And that is a very timely reminder, indeed.

From the outside, it is easy to look in horror at the state of Washington.
Rather than bringing change to the US capital, President Barack Obama's opening
efforts have only further highlighted the bitter divide now poisoning relations
between Republicans and Democrats. The sense of political renewal offered by
Obama's election is withering on the vine.

Periods of venality and viciousness are nothing new in US politics, but this
time around partisans find themselves wallowing in ghettos of hatred across
cable networks and the blogosphere. Moderate voices struggle to rise above the
mob as extremists forge overnight followings. As Peter Beinart, a political
scientist at the City University of New York, notes in the latest issue of Time
magazine, these are places "where you can go years without hearing the other
side make its case".

So far, though, Sino-US relations are not part of the blood- letting. Anyone
eyeing regional stability is left to hope it stays that way. The marked
bipartisan cast to Washington's approach to Beijing - and beyond that, to East
Asian security more generally - has been strengthening for some years now.
Rhetoric may sharpen around election time - something long understood on both
sides of the Pacific - but, once settled in office, US presidents and their
administrations see the big picture. The growing sense of interdependence is
keenly felt from the Oval Office.

Young Democrat presidential hopeful Bill Clinton, for example, may have railed
against the "Butchers of Beijing" as he eyed the White House, but he took
economic and diplomatic engagement to new levels once in office. His Republican
replacement, George W. Bush, stared down hawks in his own cabinet to demand
fresh efforts to forge a military relationship with Beijing after  the crisis
over the crash landing of a US spy plane on Hainan  island in 2001.

In fact, virtually every president has left office with relations with Beijing
securely broadened and deepened since Republican cold warrior Richard Nixon's
historic mission to Beijing in 1972.

As solid as it seems, that quiet sense of bipartisanship should never be seen as
a given, however. It needs constant care and attention.

Threats to the status quo come not from issues such as Taiwan arms sales and
White House visits by the Dalai Lama - events entirely manageable, and managed,
by both sides - but from the truly spontaneous, horrifying crisis. A sudden
escalation in tensions over Taiwan, a military accident or miscalculation, or a
dramatic domestic crackdown in China could all serve to test not just the
relationship between the two capitals, but the response and pressures from a
poisonous and partisan US political arena where divisions are reaching historic
levels.

The steel hulk of the 38-year-old Nimitz may represent the strategic assumptions
that have governed East Asia for decades, but the future challenges posed by a
rising China mean that it now must sail into a darker horizon.

Greg Torode is the Post's chief Asia correspondent

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 10, 1998, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TO SPY OR NOT TO SPY?

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 347 words



SURVEILLANCE

Publicly visible surveillance cameras, noxious enough to privacy, have their
uses, crime prevention foremost among them. But hidden cameras are best left to
Allen Funt. In the workplace they foster a culture of deceit and distrust. They
allow leaders to usurp the power of absolute vigilance. They stifle criticism
and discussion with Orwellian rigor. They capture the small, regrettable
venalities of the work place with embarrassing and indelible vividness.

Bosses can't control everything that is said and done in their department or
business. Nor should they seek to. The best bosses have egos strong enough to
listen to and learn from constructive critics. And the best way to bring the
whisperers and their hidden agendas out of the shadows is by calling them into
the light - not by becoming even more furtive than they are.

That's a lesson lost on St. Charles' Police Chief David King, who tried his best
to outfox his detractors by installing secret cameras masquerading as smoke
detectors.

Critical voices, even obnoxious ones, can add to the mix of dialogue and healthy
self-consciousness. That may have been lost in the incident that supposedly led
Mr. King to install the hidden cameras. He was, apparently, responding to a
juvenile prank in the form of a "wanted" poster bearing his likeness. The
cameras were placed to observe the public bulletin board where the poster
appeared.

The police chief might have looked to fixing his own impaired sense of humor
before heading to the spy store. In this case, his actions appear rather like a
Washington plumber, whose first instinct is to fix the leak rather than the
problem.

It's clear that Chief King has plenty of challenges. The St. Charles City Police
Officers Association wants him out, citing his leadership as cause for low
morale. If he is to survive in the job, he'll need a sense of humor to fall back
on during the rough times.

He might start mending fences by observing and listening to his staff firsthand,
not through the grainy images of low-rent spook technology.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              514 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          November 10, 2005, Thursday

Ready for your close-up, Mr Wilder?

BYLINE: Sean Macaulay

SECTION: Features; Times2; 21

LENGTH: 1054 words


SEAN MACAULAY joins the NFT in honouring one of Hollywood's greatest talents.

Forget the how-to books. There is only one place for any aspiring, or indeed
working, screenwriter to start. It is the cabinet on the left as you enter the
new Writers Guild Foundation library in Los Angeles. Here, locked behind glass
on two shelves, sits a leatherbound set of Billy Wilder's screenplays. These
yellowed, coffee-stained pages are as close to genius as a mortal can get: 38
alphabetised scripts from Ace in the Hole to Witness for the Prosecution. In
between are the masterpieces: Double Indemnity, Some Like It Hot, Sunset
Boulevard, The Apartment (all included in the current Wilder retrospective at
the National Film Theatre).

The set was donated by Wilder's wife, Audrey, after his death in 2002. "He'd
never mentioned he got his scripts bound," she says. "I just stumbled over them
in a bookcase one day. But Billy always thought of himself first and foremost as
a writer."

Wilder's insistence on this primary identity is one he took to his grave -
literally. On his headstone in the cemetery, where he is buried close to Jack
Lemmon and Marilyn Monroe, is inscribed this nod to the final line of Some Like
It Hot: "I'm a writer, but then nobody's perfect."

He certainly wasn't. He could be downright rude, in a wittily cruel way, and no
film-maker had a career so dramatically divided: great first half, halting
second.

But there is no question about his standing in Hollywood. Robert Towne, the
Oscar-winning writer of Chinatown, called him "a classic comedian in the sense
of Aristophanes. He demonstrates that the world is full of fools and knaves, of
people who are guided by venality, by greed, by vanity."

I met Wilder at a screening of Sunset Boulevard held in his honour a year before
he died at the age of 95. Of all the films he'd made, this was the only one he
wanted to watch again. He wound up parked in front of me -he was in a wheelchair
by then -so I got to give him some Tic Tacs (having read that he liked them) and
watched the film over the silhouette of his distinctively shaped head. It was
poignant, to say the least, watching this already mythic figure gazing up at his
long-dead friend William Holden. And gazing up, too, at his creation Norma
Desmond railing against the system that had discarded her.

Wilder himself spent 21 years in professional exile after his last film, Buddy
Buddy, in 1981. For all his talent, he found himself in tune with the mass
audience only once more after the creative peak of The Apartment. It is hard to
believe, but Irma La Douce, his garish 1963 comedy about Parisian hookers, was
his biggest box-office hit.

Trying to make a case for the later films such as Avanti! and Fedora is the easy
trap to fall into when considering his career. All it does is confirm that
Wilder was a classic-era film-maker, one who preferred black and white to colour
(which was, he said, "like shooting a jukebox"). His caustic realism thrived
when directed at constraints and conventions that pretended otherwise. He learnt
from his mentor Ernst Lubitsch the value of dramatic decorum and the art of the
implied joke, saying: "Lubitsch could do more with a closed door than anyone
else could with an open zipper."

But the doors did open in the 1960s -and the zippers too, as official censorship
crumbled. Wilder took full advantage of the new permissiveness, but the new
frankness moved him from the wink to the leer. Where previously his heroines
were lame-wrapped adventuresses -Claudette Colbert in Midnight or Barbara
Stanwyck in Ball of Fire -now they became the prostitutes played by Shirley
MacLaine in Irma La Douce or Kim Novak in Kiss Me, Stupid.

Wilder was no longer the iconoclast exposing a false image, as in The
Apartment's monochrome riposte to the candycorn sex comedies of the 1950s. He
was now an icon trying to outdo the new permissiveness without giving up his
ingrained taste for irony. It meant that he wound up adding humanising, almost
sentimental, touches to tawdry scenarios, such as Kiss Me, Stupid's hooker and
married client who find they enjoy pretending to be husband and wife.

I find it telling that the most creatively successful of Wilder's later films,
The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes (1970), was set in the past. Period decorum
allowed him to return to his flair for putting realistic dents into a sanitised
image. It helps to explain why the accusation of cynicism has dogged Wilder for
so long -some stories play like grand deterministic jokes. But this is so
obviously not the case with his best films -comedies and tragedies alike -which
have a complex, fully realised moral architecture that marks them as the finest
soul-enriching drama. In the masterpieces, none of Wilder's opportunistic
heroes, however charming, avoids facing a final life-changing or life-ending
moment of reckoning. They all try to escape, but a midstory "hinge" scene
typically pulls them back in deeper than before. In Ace in the Hole, Sunset
Boulevard and Double Indemnity the heroes realise their mistakes too late and
try to repair the damage.

In Some Like It Hot and The Apartment the universe is more benign. The heroes
make noble sacrifices without any expectation of reward. Of course, they wind up
with the girl (or boy, in Joe E. Brown's case), but these are hard-earned happy
endings, not magic-wand denouements. It is precisely because these heroes show a
new depth of integrity that the girl chooses them. And where is the cynicism in
that?

The Billy Wilder season continues at the National Film Theatre, South Bank,
London SE1 (020-7928 3232), until Dec 30. More details on www.bfi.org.uk

The Wilder way with words

"Nobody has ever escaped from Stalag 17. Not alive, anyway" -Stalag 17

"Our complaints will be brief and we make them against the nearest wall" - Five
Graves to Cairo

"We didn't need dialogue. We had faces!" -Sunset Boulevard

"He's so full of twists he starts to describe a doughnut and it comes out a
pretzel" -The Fortune Cookie

"Ya know, you see a girl a couple of times a week, just for laughs, and right
away they think you're gonna divorce your wife" -The Apartment

"I've met a lot of hard-boiled eggs in my time, but you, you're 20 minutes" Ace
in the Hole


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              515 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 10, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLOWER THE 'BEST' OR JUST ROUTINE?

BYLINE: Henry Mitchell

SECTION: YOU MAGAZINE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 920 words


IN CASE YOU hadn't noticed, a lot of things in this world are sadly mixed up,
and this unfortunate situation may apply to garden plants. These deep,
half-sinister reflections are brought on by examining my glorious plant of a
pink clematis, now in full bloom, which is supposed to be C. edrariensis.  Once
I exerted myself to view a whole batch of early flowering pink clematis and
while they were much of a muchness, I concluded I liked vedrariensis best. It is
a hybrid of C. chrysocoma and C. montana rubens.  This hybrid is a bit more
decidedly pink (less pale mauve in it) than some of the others, and the petals
(sepals, actually, but they look like petals) are a little fuller, so the flower
is less gappy and thin than some others.  Besides, the foliage is a trifle
handsomer, and all around it has a slight edge over the others for quality.
Seeing them all together at a few feet's distance, you'd say they all looked the
same, almost. But in a garden, where you are going to have just one and will
live with it (God willing) for years, you may as well get the ''best.'' So I
did. This year the petals look a bit too narrow to suit me, and I have several
other minor complaints. I think it may not be vedrariensis, though the leaves
are still a bit full and round for it to be montana rubens. It is very
beautiful, in a great catenary swag between porch posts, and it could not
conceivably have more flowers on it - the leaves are invisible, so I have no
right to mope, except that the floral segments are a bit too narrow and the
resulting flower is not quite as opulent as it should be.  These things happen.
Usually, we all quickly assume, because of the venality of the nurseryman who
(we also assume) sits up nights thinking ways to get superior prices for
inferior plants.  But not necessarily. C. vedrariensis is variable, in the
nature of things, as the cross of the two species has been made more than once.
The one I admired in the collection may have been a peculiarly good form, and I
may have acquired a routine form.  But where would a gardener be without
something to complain of? Years ago, I grew two or three of our native clematis
and decided to grow them again.The new leaves of C. viorna, a weak-growing vine
up to about 6 feet with inch-long nodding bells of somewhat muddy blue, has put
up its spring growth, but the leaves are almost like threads.  Does it have some
virus? Did the nurseryman squirt it with some fumigant that distorted the leaves
before I got it? There is no telling what those people are up to in the privacy
of their packing shed s. And, of course, if it lives it may not be viorna
anyway.  The other two, C. versicolor and crispa, have put up more normal
looking shoots. Meanwhile, the gross and splendid large-flowered garden variety,
''Henryi,'' has produced its usual quota of semifuzzy egg-shaped flower buds.
By the time this is in your hands, ''Henryi'' will be in full bloom, barring a
hurricane or something.  For some people in some places, this great saucer-sized
white flower is hard to grow. In the middle South, however, I think it is one of
the easiest.  It blooms with the Kurume azaleas and again around Labor Day.
(THE FOLLOWING TEXT RAN IN THE South YOU ONLY) I say gracious things about it as
it has agreed to climb up a column-shaped yew to mingle with the apparently
despised (as nobody grows or sells it) rambler rose, ''Mrs. F.W. Flight.'' It is
excessively rare for either a rose or a clematis to grow up the yew as the
gardener intends. They both like to veer off to one side, or flop on the ground
or head for the fence.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              516 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             October 9, 1987 Friday

SURRENDER   Surrender pokes fun at '80s' lust for loot

BYLINE: JAY SCOTT; GAM

LENGTH: 556 words


BY  JAY SCOTT
 The Globe and Mail
 RONNIE (JULIE Kavner), the best friend of the heroine, Daisy (Sally
Field), is remembering an old song from the sixties, "If I were a
carpenter, and you were a lady, would you marry me anyway, would you have
my baby?" Ronnie screws her face into a frown and says: "They never sang
the answer to that, because the answer was no. Who wants to marry a
carpenter?"

No one in Surrender , which disc jockey Don Daynard referred to at a
preview screening as "this month's Michael Caine movie." It  is this
month's Michael Caine movie, and it's this year's Sally Field movie (she's
in her Doris Day Gidget sundress this time, rather than in her Great
Actress Lillian Gish suit).

It's also a Jerry Belson movie - he wrote the beauty pageant satire
Smile; the Burt Reynolds satire The End; the Jane Fonda satire Fun With
Dick and Jane - and that's at least as important to the picture as its
stars. No one in Surrender wants to marry a carpenter and surrender to
love because everyone in Surrender wants to marry into money and surrender
to venality. Surrender is set in Los Angeles.

At its best - at its best, it's terrific - Surrender, written and
directed by Belson, is a knowingly hard-edged tour through a flinty town
deceptively draped in pastel sunshine. Daisy, a poor painter, works on an
art assembly line, but is dating and is mainly supported by Marty Caesar
(Steve Guttenberg), an immoral lawyer who speaks Los Angelese - "I'd like
to share a private moment with you," he announces to a room full of people
- and who exploits Central America. Why is she dating such a creep?
Because the creep's got a big bank account and a not bad body. Until Sean
Stein (Michael Caine) comes along, that's plenty of prince for this
princess Daisy.

Sean Stein, the product of an Irish Catholic's marriage to an English
Jew ("I've got both guilts," he quips), is a rich and famous novelist who
under legal duress has given most of his money away to ex-wives and
mistresses; hence, when he meets and falls for Daisy, he hides his exalted
station in life and is delighted when she falls in love with him for  him.

Most romantic comedies would end there - Doris would discover the truth
about Rock and they would live happily ever after - but Belson takes the
plot much farther; in so doing, he demonstrates that his two heroes are
victims of pre-nuptial paranoia and post-sixties cynicism. The town that
gave the world Joan Collins's surreal legal difficulties with her Swedish
nightingale is a town more than capable of giving the comic shenanigans of
Surrender the true grit of documentary.

Because Caine and Field take to each other, as actors, like honey (her)
to mustard (him), the greed and mendacity of Sean and Daisy are muted
somewhat. Belson walks a thin line between condemnation and approval:
Surrender is a movie about people who've had the good fortune to amass
good fortunes. The well-off in the audience - people who didn't marry
carpenters - may luxuriate in feeling morally superior to Daisy's lust for
bucks. The not-so-well-off in the audience - tinkers are their trade - may
wish she'd forget the guilt and get on with it.

Surrender is an expertly performed comedy that is also a memento of the
eighties, the decade in which it became socially acceptable to replace
serenades regarding what we did for love with songs about what we did for
loot.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 15, 2004 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Movies;
Friday March 19

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 431 words


The Rainmaker


(1997) Seven, 8.30pm

Billed as John Grisham's The Rainmaker so you won't confuse it with a 1957 film
about a charismatic revivalist preacher, this Francis Ford Coppola drama
revolves around a green but telegenic young lawyer named Rudy Baylor (Matt Damon
) and his efforts to make a name for himself in America's cut-throat legal
system. Not quite as handsome as Grisham's other hunky attorney, Mitch McDeere
(played by Tom Cruise in The Firm ), the idealistic young chap puts in hard
yards among bottom feeders like Bruiser Stone (Mickey Rourke ) as he learns the
diverse range of lurks and perks operating in the Gordian knot of rorting
prevalent in both the lower and upper echelons of the legal fraternity. He
undertakes a case involving a young chap dying of leukemia, who is being ripped
off by the unscrupulous rats, grubs and finks of the insurance industry.

Like Paul Newman's Frank Galvin in The Verdict he unearths a case of class abuse
by powerful interests. Baylor also encounters an eccentric old heiress and a
brilliant drunk, and manages to entertain certain amorous reactions while
helping a young female client (Claire Danes ). As ever, ethical decency is
ranged against corporate venality so it's unlikely any of the major insurance
companies will find this a suitable vehicle through which to advertise their
wares. More flavour than texture but watchable enough.

Conan the Barbarian

(1982) Seven, 11.25pm

Why spend years training as an actor when a pattern of poses and a selection of
grunts will satisfy undiscerning audiences like the citizens of California, it
seems. Years after his family is murdered by the evil Thulsa Doom (James Earl
Jones ), Conan (the massively muscled Governor of California, Arnold
Schwarzenegger ) wreaks the revenge of the just. It's junk, but it's pretty good
junk and rather sexy with Ingmar Bergman's extremely fit daughter, Sandahl as
the voluptuous Valeria, Queen of Thieves doing her best to sap the dynamic
tension from Conan's steel-belted pectorals. Soft-core, sub-porn gymnasium
violence with terrific production design (hippie era cartoonist Ron Cobb ) and
set decoration as Schwarzenegger again demonstrates his immense acting prowess
most notably on the Wheel of Pain a metaphor for The Wheel of Misfortune.
There's a strong sense that the Nordic superiority of the Barbarian over the
(black) villain reeks of Teutonic avenger mythology and this may reduce the
appeal of what is, essentially, an upmarket sword and sandal or is that sword
and Sandahl? epic with all the intellectual clout of a Deputy Dawg cartoon.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             May 23, 2009 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

Theater review;
High seas: 'Pirates!' is a jolly voyage

BYLINE: CONSTANCE GORFINKLE, For The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Features; pg. 46

LENGTH: 672 words


The timbers are shivering at the Huntington Theatre in Boston. That's where a
rowdy bunch of pirates and a gaggle of pretty maidens are singing and dancing
their hearts out in a production that takes on and injects new life into Gilbert
and Sullivan's "The Pirates of Penzance."

"Pirates! (or, Gilbert and Sullivan Plunder'd)" is a mile-a-minute romp,
directed impeccably by Gordon Greenberg. His co-creator in this effort is Nell
Benjamin, who not long ago proved her chops with the Broadway musical "Legally
Blond," and here freshens Gilbert's 19th-century lyrics so that the satire might
have meaning for today's audiences, all the while hewing to the hilarious spirit
of the original. Her further contributions include some changes to the book -
moving the action to the Caribbean and streamlining the plot to achieve a pace
that's positively dazzling.

The show literally explodes onto the stage, with a huge, handsome cast that
moves with breathtaking precision, delivering the often-complicated and always
witty lyrics so that hardly a word gets lost in the raucous merriment.

"The Pirates of Penzance" is about a boy who has been indentured to pirates ever
since his nanny - charged with finding him a proper seafaring apprenticeship -
accidentally gets him a job on an outlaw vessel when she mistakes the word
pirate for pilot.

Now, it's many years later, and the boy has turned 21, the year his indentured
servitude is supposed to end. Played winningly by Anderson Davis, Frederic is an
eternal naif, untouched by his criminal career and concerned only with doing
what he considers to be his duty. Obviously, this is someone who can be easily
duped.

In sharp contrast is the cunning Pirate King, whose superlative grasp of the
venality of mankind makes him the perfect leader for his gullible crew and the
various innocents he meets throughout the show. For this performance Steve Kazee
has channeled perfectly the swaggering, sexy character Johnny Depp created for
his own Caribbean pirate, complete with dreadlocks and, one assumes, kohl-rimmed
eyes.

While all the performers contribute to the fun of this production, one
definitely stands out: Broadway veteran Ed Dixon delivers what is probably the
best known of the show's songs, "A Modern Major General." Dixon took the house
down opening night, most noisily, when he reprised the brilliant and convoluted
lyrics at lightning speed.

As Maj. Gen. Stanley, a small-time bureaucrat put in charge of this part of the
world by an imperial government bent on changing the native culture to be more
in line with its own, Dixon is properly pompous and contemptuous of most other
people, especially his silly daughters. The one exception to the silliness is
the smart Mabel (the lovely-voiced Farah Alvin), whom he nevertheless,
consistently puts down when she offers an opinion by proclaiming: "the men are
talking."

The Major General's major concern is getting his girls married and off his
hands. But the suitors must be suitable, and the only available ones are the
scruffy pirates.

Bewilderingly, these ocean-going crooks want to get married, a plot point
Gilbert just plopped into his script, with plenty of rhyme but no reason.

So, Benjamin has given them one - they're cursed and only marriage can lift the
curse, a device borrowed from another G&B show.

More than a century old, "The Pirates of Penzance" lives on, in the lively music
of Arthur Sullivan and delightful lyrics of William Gilbert, who, in this new
century, has been aided and abetted by Benjamin. Indeed, in spirit and
execution, the collaboration is so seamless, one imagines that even Gilbert
would have difficulty telling where one leaves off and the other begins.

Theater review

PIRATES! (OR, GILBERT AND SULLIVAN PLUNDER'D)

By Gilbert and Sullivan; directed by Gordon Greenberg. Performed by Huntington
Theatre Co., 264 Huntington Ave., Boston. Through June 14. $20-$60;
617-273-1688. huntingtontheatre.org

The show literally explodes onto the stage with a huge, handsome cast that moves
with breathtaking precision.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cady Huffman (Ruth) and the pirates in the Huntington Theatre's
"Pirates! (or, Gilbert and Sullivan Plunder'd).", Photo courtesy of T. Charles
Erickson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Patriot Ledger


                              519 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                               September 24, 2005
                              Correction Appended

Saturday Review: Cultural studies: Dirt in Venice: Jan Morris takes issue with a
muck-raking exploration of the Serenissima: The City of Falling Angels by John
Berendt 342pp, Sceptre, £20

BYLINE: Jan Morris

SECTION: Guardian Review Pages, Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1159 words


"Guess what!" cried Dodie Rosencrans, clasping Countess Emo's wrist. The
wide-eyed San Francisco socialite and movie-theatre heiress had just returned
from a week on the Dalmatian coast. "I've bought . . . a monastery!" Where are
we? We are not in a pulp novel. We are not even in Private Eye. We are in John
Berendt's strictly non-fiction The City of Falling Angels ("all the people in it
are real and are identified by their real names").

Since it is a book about Venice, and since I wrote one myself many years ago, I
feel bound to declare a disinterest - not an un-interest, but a disinterest -
lest I be accused of sour grapes in reviewing it. Believe me, the two books are
in no way competitive. Half a century divides them, and they approach the
subject by totally different routes.

That doesn't mean to say that I have to like Berendt's exploration of the city,
successor to Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil , his celebrated debut
about Savannah, Georgia. The City of Falling Angels , is not, to my mind, very
likable. It is the record, often presented conversationally in direct reported
speech, of a long stay during which Berendt evolved his own specialised
responses to Venetian life. He is not much concerned with the architecture or
history of the city. He rarely mentions the inside of a church or a street
scene, let alone a lagoon sunset. His business is to dig out the dirt - to
expose the myriad corruptions, feuds, deceits, ambitions and dynastic
resentments which, now as always, fester behind the facades of the Serenissima.

Berendt is, as the book's blurb tells us, a master at "seeking out scandal,
corruption and venality", and when he came to apply his gifts to Venice he was
twice lucky in his timing. First, he arrived in the city just three days after
the Fenice Theatre was burnt to the ground in 1996, giving rise to an inter
minable, unsavoury saga of revelation and recrimination. Second, he found an
apartment in the 16th-century palace of Peter and Rose Lauritzen, two of the
most intimately informed Anglo-American expatriates in Venice.

The Lauritzens were able to direct him down many convoluted historical lanes of
inquiry, and they themselves escape unscathed from his talents: they are
affectionately and entertainingly described, and their reported dialogues
provide almost the book's only humour. But the burning of the Fenice gave him
figurative entry into the murkier underworld of the city, and defined from the
start what his purposes were to be. It is very soon clear to readers of this
volume that if we happen to live in Venice we should be wary of a call from Mr
Berendt.

The Fenice affair constitutes a sort of running framework for the book, and
Berendt's treatment of it is like a crime novel, with detailed and lengthy
analyses of the evidence, the official investigations, the dramatis personae and
all attendant twists, scams and rumours. Much of the rest of the book is more
like gossip, and concerns that most gossipy of subjects, internecine dispute
among the rich and the fashionable, the aristocrats and the celebs, the Dodies
and the Countess Emos. Berendt is in his element among titles and serious,
really serious money - enough to buy monasteries. We learn, for example, that an
heir to the premier glass-making family of Murano, the Segusos, tried to get his
own father declared mentally incompetent in order to take over the company. We
hear how the American Curtis family, residents of Venice since the 1880s, have
squabbled over ownership of the magnificent Palazzo Barbaro. Count Giovanni
Volpi, of the blindingly influential Volpi family, hasn't spoken to his
half-sister, Countess Anna Maria Cicogna, since 1947. And Berendt devotes 35
pages to mayhem within the preposterously snobbish American conservation
charities, notably the animosity between Randolph H "Bob" Guthrie (president of
Save Venice Inc) and Lawrence "Larry" Lovett (founder of Venetian Heritage and
heir to the Piggly Wiggly grocery-chain fortune).

It was unfortunate for Berendt that Peggy Guggenheim, that flamboyant
millionairess and patron of the arts, died long before his time in Venice. She
would have been just his style. However, the museum she founded, in its palace
on the Grand Canal, does provide some grist for his mill. The scenario features
four characters: the expatriate curator of the collection and his wife; the poet
Ezra Pound, who died in 1972, and his lover Olga Rudge, who died aged 101 in
1996.

Their tale forms a centrepiece to The City of Falling Angels , perhaps because
the author considers it emblematic of the whole, and it certainly contains all
the elements of classic scandal. There is the dead fascist poet who spent much
of his life in a lunatic asylum. There is his legendary mistress, once a
celebrated violinist, later to decline into Alzheimer's. There are whispers of
exploitation, debatable contracts, legal chicanery and missing papers. There is
a box not to be opened until 2016. It takes Berendt 40 pages to explore this
crepuscular trail, and even he doesn't venture upon conclusions.

Years ago, when I was working on my own book, that same Countess Anna Maria
Cicogna asked me Who, with a capital W, I knew in Venice. I told her I knew
nobody at all. She was my only toff! "So much the better," said she, "you'll
write a better book for it." I hope she was right, but I think I might have
benefited, all the same, from some of Berendt's methods.

For the seamy side of life is not his only interest, and his technique can be
subtle and tantalising. Time and again he leads us gently, amiably, almost
soothingly into a topic, only gradually revealing the deceits and swindles that
are presently to erupt. Rather in the Alan Whicker manner, too, he is
sympathetic to oddballs who like to dress as policemen or firemen and attend
civic emergencies, or the well-known local crank who has written out the Martian
National Anthem in cyrillic lettering, or the homosexual litterateur whose
poetic graffiti are signed and spray-painted in red in public places (and who
later contributes more conventionally to the book by hanging himself in
elaborately disputed circumstances).

But enough is enough. So much disquieting tittle-tattle palls, and after more
than 300 pages of it I began to feel I had myself spent a week or two swapping
scandals in Harry's Bar. The varied corruptions of Venice certainly deserve a
book to themselves - its problems of flood control, for instance, or its minor
architecture, or its water-buses - and Berendt is a master at exposing hidden
truths. But some truths are truer than others, and to my mind the beauty flowing
always through the tangled humanity of Ven-ice reduces its squalors to
irrelevance.

Jan Morris's most recent book is A Writer's World: Travels 1950-2000 (Faber). To
order The City of Falling Angels for £18 with free UK p&p call Guardian book
service on 0870 836 0875.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 3, 2005

CORRECTION: * We gave the impression that Venice's problems of flood control,
minor architecture and waterbuses were examples of corruption (Dirt in Venice,
Review, page 8, September 24). A misunderstanding in editing changed the sense
of the reviewer's sentence, which was that the corruptions of Venice deserve a
book to themselves, just as much as flood control, architecture and waterbuses.

                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              520 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Jerusalem Post

                            October 5, 2001, Friday

The West is best

BYLINE: Saul Singer

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 772 words

HIGHLIGHT: INTERESTING TIMES


After September 11 Hollywood rushed to electronically white out the Twin Towers
from upcoming films presumably so as not to bring up unpleasant memories for the
viewer. Watching Steven Spielberg's movie AI in Israel this week our feelings
were not so spared.

The movie takes place far in the future when robots have become so like humans
that they actually become the most sympathetic characters in the story.
Manhattan inexplicably has already been engulfed by the ocean but the Twin
Towers are still standing there in celluloid.

It is painful to think that the towers that in Hollywood's mind would survive
thousands of years through floods and ice ages did not make it even until the
release of the movie. Despite the popularity of disaster films of all kinds
based on fires meteorites earthquakes or the general breakdown of society even
Hollywood did not anticipate the reality of September 11.

The star of AI (short for "Artificial Intelligence") is a robot boy masterfully
played by Haley Joel Osment who competes for the love of his human "mother." In
the end the borders between human and robot are blurred as mechanical creations
become capable of the whole range of human emotions. The robots if anything
emerge as a sort of idealized form of humanity - wanting to please immortal and
free of human venality.

What is thought-provoking about AI is that it flips the usual Hollywood take on
technology on its head. Rather than the machines-run-amuck vision of films such
as 2001 and Westworld Spielberg seems to be using machines as a contrast that
finds people to be morally wanting.

Though movies have no shortage of evil human characters Hollywood tends to
portray humanity as a whole - when in conflict with technology nature or other
worlds - as basically good. Spielberg's presentation of humanity is more of a
mixed bag which is actually in keeping with a Jewish view of human nature that
is especially relevant to our new-old post-September 11 world.

In an essay on philosopher Eliezer Berkovits's contribution to Jewish thought in
the current issue of Azure David Hazony writes that "the mistaken belief that
man can be made good solely through preparation of the mind is in Berkovits's
view the salient tragedy of Western civilization." Berkovits claimed that the
great moral failure of the West was to confuse intellectual enlightenment with
moral advancement. "There seems to be little moral difference between ages of
greater and lesser enlightenment Berkovits argued, except that as knowledge
increases man grows in power proportionately and becomes proportionately more
dangerous."

A case can be made that political and economic progress is correlated with moral
progress in that human rights have flourished mainly in developed countries. But
Berkovits rightly questions the Western view that morality is a natural
byproduct of what we call "progress."

In contrast to Immanuel Kant and even to Jewish philosophers such as Martin
Buber and Abraham Joshua Heschel Berkovits measured morality by good results not
by good intentions. And according to such a results- oriented standard the West
must be judged not just by the positive results it produces at home but by its
willingness to defend and promote morally superior values.

It is often pointed out that the tolerance and openness of democratic societies
is both their strength and their weakness. The West certainly must not give up
what has made it great but it would not be a bad time to question whether as a
teenager might put it it is possible to become so open-minded that your brains
fall out.

Italian leader Silvio Berlusconi took a lot of flak for asserting that the West
was "superior" to Islam. He may have been a bit crass but he may also have been
on the right track.

What Berlusconi actually said was that in a war against terrorists spouting a
particular breed of Islam we should be confident of the superiority of our
civilization. The West produced Hitler and Stalin and Islamic civilization has
at times been more tolerant of minorities including Jews than the Christian
world. But Berlusconi is right that to win this war the West must first believe
in itself.

When confronting evil old-fashioned righteous indignation rather than tolerance
is the order of the day. A meaningful notion of progress should include what is
often thoughtlessly dismissed as "cultural imperialism." The issue is not
whether countries have a right to reject McDonalds or Disneyland but whether the
West should more actively offer hope for the freedoms it enjoys to the billions
of people who do not.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 The Jerusalem Post


                              521 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 16, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

Blinded by Rank

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. C07

LENGTH: 812 words


I never went to see a Rambo movie because of what I took to be its hackneyed,
exploitative premise: American soldiers in Vietnam were betrayed by their
civilian superiors in Washington. How surprising, then, to see the Rambo premise
casually confirmed by Robert S. McNamara in his long-delayed memoirs.

McNamara details no evil conspiracy or venality on Washington's part, of course.
The problem was not there. Instead he confirms the French maxim that errors are
often worse than crimes. McNamara declares in his own words that while they were
shedding the blood of tens of thousands of Americans and millions of Vietnamese,
America's leaders had no idea what they were doing and dismissed the advice of
those who told them that.

The architects of the war were too caught up in the momentum of events to ask
themselves the right questions about the nature of the war, of the South
Vietnamese government the war was fought to protect and America's own ultimate
goals, the former defense secretary acknowledges in his book, "In Retrospect."

The initial commentary on the book has focused on the long delay in McNamara's
decision to make public thoughts and analysis that could have changed history
had they existed and been published in April 1965, or even April 1975, when they
might have sparked a cathartic national debate over the meaning of Vietnam.

This in fact is the second volume McNamara created detailing the bureaucracy's
inability to come to terms with its own vacillating, contradictory and poorly
reasoned decisions on Indochina.

The first was called "The Pentagon Papers." In its totality, that internal
Pentagon study of decision-making on Vietnam, ordered up by McNamara, reads
retroactively like a strangled cry from McNamara's subconscious, a plea for the
killing to be stopped by a man who cannot help himself. But the study too was
ignored within the government until leaked to the press by Daniel Ellsberg in
1971.

Even so it is impossible to read "In Retrospect" without experiencing a fresh
wave of incomprehension and outrage over the refusal of the civilian leaders in
Washington to see and understand what was happening before their eyes.

In McNamara's account, the senior officials seem too impressed with the wisdom
and virtue that rank conveys (at least in their own eyes) to take the dissent of
outsiders or subordinates seriously. The only unalloyed villains in this piece
are Roger Hilsman and Michael Forrestal, middle-level officials whom McNamara
saddles with the blame for engineering the 1963 coup that overthrew the Diem
regime and plunged America into a quagmire of its own making.

McNamara now argues that U.S. decision-makers went wrong in Vietnam because "our
government lacked experts for us to consult to compensate for our ignorance . .
. because the East Asian and China experts in the State Department had been
purged during the McCarthy hysteria of the 1950s."

Hogwash. The public record, including this book, shows that expert advice was
available and consistently ignored by men in the grip of hubris, by men who knew
that they knew better. They rejected the views of Bernard Fall, Paul Kattenburg
and the anonymous analysts at the Central Intelligence Agency whom McNamara
gives belated but merited credit for calling Vietnam more accurately than did
the Pentagon, State or the White House.

Blaming Joe McCarthy for stripping the State Department of Old Asia Hands who
would not have been listened to in any event suggests that not all the Vietnam
hubris has been stripped away by McNamara's authorial experience. Nor does
McNamara reflect deeply on the damning indictment of himself these pages contain
as he meekly assents to Lyndon Johnson's ban on his senior aides' discussing
their growing doubts about the war with each other.

By the time McNamara's departure from the Pentagon was announced in late 1967,
nearly 16,000 American troops had been killed in Vietnam. The number was 30,000
when Johnson left the White House. And 28,000 more died under Nixon and Ford.
Here McNamara says he has concluded their deaths were not necessary to protect
U.S. interests in Asia.

"That our effort in Vietnam proved unwise does not make their sacrifice less
noble," McNamara writes at the end of his book. "It endures for all to see. Let
us learn from their sacrifice and by doing so validate and honor it."

Say this for McNamara: He does not seek to play the Scarlett O'Hara trick of
pretending he can make things right by saying he is sorry. His remorse, limited
and mechanical, seems genuine. He has chosen to open himself up for scorn and
new controversy with these anti-climactic memoirs. That is courage of a sort.

But his words of regret cannot obscure the horrible responsibility he and the
others must forever bear for ignoring the obvious for so long and at such
enormous cost.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              522 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 29, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Fantasy;
98, 99 -- 100! Ready or Not ...;
Clinton's Nightmare Deadline

Joel Achenbach, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 856 words


Day 100. The end. But no, not quite the end -- there were still a few more
hours. Surely they had until midnight!

Tomorrow they could coast, but today they would make the final push, one last
desperate lunge for greatness before the novelty of the new administration was
officially declared moribund, before the Congress slammed its doors and returned
to the standard venality and prevarication, before the press corps loosened its
tie and rolled up its sleeves and started throwing the high hard heaters under
the chin.

The president awoke before dawn, bolted up in bed, and shouted deliriously,
"Scramble the jets!"

He was panting. His pajamas were soaked with sweat. He had been having a bad
dream -- he had been taking a crucial examination at school, but when he tried
to mark down his answers he discovered he had no hands, only big pads of raw
beef. How very bizarre! The testing sheet had said to use a No. 2 pencil to fill
in the proper numbered circle, but he could only slap his beefy appendages on
the page, SPLAKK! SPLAKK!  leaving big wet marks.

A sentry outside the room spoke into his lapel: "Jogger One is awake. He's
talking to himself. Code 2."

Downstairs, a staff meeting was already underway. A handsome chisel-faced aide
lazily caressed his face with an electric shaver as he threw out one idea after
another.

"Howabout let's do something to help the poor. Something bold," he said.

"Kaint do dat Jawuj," answered a peculiar man with Martian features and a
preposterous Cajun accent. "Mose fokes don't eben lak da poe."

"James is right," said another. "Help the poor and we lose Middle America."

"Okay, so let's do something to, you know, hurt the poor," volunteered another.

The secret truth was that everyone in the White House couldn't wait for this day
to be done, to be rid of the 100-day albatross, to leave the office at 8 or even
7, catch the occasional happy hour, spend time with kids, do some laundry. It
was the president's fault that the 100 days had become so gawdawful important --
he should never have promised to rejuvenate the economy, reinvent the
government, restructure the military, overhaul the welfare system, provide
health care for every American, end hatred, soothe jangled nerves, cure
athlete's foot, stabilize hemlines, invent a non-goopy hair conditioner and --
most importantly -- do a complete reupholstering job on Eeyore, the unsightly
stuffed donkey in the Winnie the Pooh books.

The president walked into the room in his shorts, sweat shirt and baseball cap.
His legs were the color of grits.

"We got us a plan yet? Time's a-wastin'!" he said.

George said, "The only good idea so far is holding a press conference and giving
Leon Panetta an atomic wedgie."

"HAW HAW HAW," said the president. "Where I'm from -- a little town called Hope
-- we used to call a wedgie a heinie binder."

Everyone laughed and slapped the table. There's no joke so funny as one told by
the boss.

George said, "Why don't we just repeat ourselves? Go back and do what's already
worked once! Dee Dee, what are some of the accomplishments listed there in that
press packet on the First 100 Days?"

She read aloud, verbatim: " 'Day 34. President talks by phone from Air Force One
with Larry Villella, a 14-year-old entrepreneur who donated $ 1,000 to reduce
the federal budget deficit.' "

"Only $ 279,000,999,000 to go!" said the prez.

" 'Day 65: Meets with Foreign Minister Zlenko of Ukraine.' "

George said, "The Zlenko option! Worth keeping in mind."

" 'Day 90: Issues statement on death of Turkish President Ozal.' "

The Cajun man said, "We cud ishuh anuddah statement sayin' he's still dayud!"

And so the morning progressed: ideas, ideas, ideas, but no action. That was the
problem with this whole presidency business: You weren't allowed to do much of
anything except talk a lot. You couldn't even write a check for a measly $ 16
billion.

At the 12:30 daily press briefing the reporters were baying for blood. A man
from one of the wire services asked, "Is it not a fact that at this juncture the
presidency can only be termed a catastrophic failure and a joke of historical
proportions, a sham, a fraud, a massive pustule on the face of the nation, an
oozing sore, a leaking cyst?"

"We'll have to get back to you on that," the spokesman said.

Afternoon became evening. The pizza people brought 25 pies. As the clock neared
midnight they wondered if the president would somehow manage to think of
something.

But no one could think of anything except more words. At 11:57 p.m. a
multiple-burst fax went to every news organization in the country, listing Top
Achievements of the President in the first 100 days, including:

1. Dined with Sharon Stone.

2. Created highly visible co-presidency for what's-his-name. Gore.

3. Ended standoff in Waco without need for expensive jury trials.

4. Still slimmer than William Howard Taft.

That night, the president had another horrible dream. He was in a boat. Fishing.
Everything was going so nicely. He heard a sound. He turned. Something was
coming at him, in the water, splashing, baring its fangs.

A killer rabbit.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FEATURE

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              523 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                 March 1, 2017

Scribbled in the Dark

BYLINE: Graham Christian

SECTION: REVIEWS; Arts and Humanities;  Vol. 142 No. 04

LENGTH: 232 words


Simic, Charles. Scribbled in the Dark. Ecco: HarperCollins. Jun. 2017. 96p. ISBN
9780062661173. $22.99; ebk. ISBN 9780062661197. POETRY

Pulitzer Prize winner, MacArthur fellow, and 2007 poet laureate of the United
States, Simic (The Monster Loves His Labyrinth) is one of America's most
celebrated poets, yet he remains, paradoxically, a kind of visitor or stranger
to this country and language. Raised in war-torn Yugoslavia, he came to the
United States as an adolescent with a vivid sense of the extent of human
brutality and venality. The world that his poems inhabit is a sad, autumnal,
estranged affair; his lyric style firmly established with 1967's What the Grass
Says, with its terse, gnomic lines, controlled or deflected emotion with dabs of
surrealistic color and image. Given Simic's productivity (this is his 27th book
of new poems), it is to be expected that he will have long since worked through
his most urgent material, and indeed some of the poems here are slight, the
diary musings of a practiced and habitual poet. However, his voice is so
distinct that even a lesser collection has merit, and on occasion, he rises to
the condition of his best earlier work, as in the disquieting "The Infinite":
"The infinite yawns and keeps yawning./ ...Does it find us good to eat?" VERDICT
Highly recommended.--Graham Christian, formerly with Andover-Harvard Theological
Lib., Cambridge, MA

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2017 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 13, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

A tall tale mixes science and reason with comedy, tragedy

BYLINE: JUNE KINOSHITA; TERRY TOMALIN

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; BOOKS IN BRIEF; BOOKS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1004 words



PINTO AND SONS, by Leslie Epstein, Houghton Mifflin Co., $ 19.95.

       Science has played a profound and ambiguous role in the American
experience. The triumph of reason in elucidating natural law inspired the
humanistic ideals of the Enlightenment, from which sprang American democracy.
Yet as our historical experiences, from slavery to nuclear arsenals, show all
too clearly, science and humanism coexist uneasily with the venality and atavism
of human nature. In Leslie Epstein's fourth novel, one man's stubborn faith in
reason becomes the stuff of high comedy and tragedy.

    In the picaresque tradition of Don Quixote, Candide and American tall tales,
the novel, set in 19th century America, pursues its naive and energetic hero as
he stumbles from one misadventure to the next.

    The beginning finds A. Pinto, a young Hungarian Jewish immigrant, studying
medicine at Harvard in 1845. There he witnesses an epochal event the first use
of anesthesia. What greater affirmation could there be of science's power to end
suffering? But Pinto's medical career is cut short after two ambitious
classmates, Frank Townsend and Matt Cole, enlist him in a scheme to secretly
operate on a black servant with a gangrenous leg. The plan dissolves in a
ghastly comedy of errors that culminates in their expulsion.

    But Pinto is nothing if not resilient. A revolution in Hungary beckons him
home. He boards the wrong ship and finds himself sailing for the California gold
fields where he makes his fortune when he stumbles into a band of Modoc Indians
who turn out to be coffee addicts.

    Pinto opens a store , but devotes most of his abundant energies to teaching
Modoc children the scientific method and the poetry of Robert Burns. The
children debate Bacon and Hume in high-pitched brogue, an irony that is lost on
Pinto, but not on the reader.

    Soon ominous rumblings intrude on this idyll. In a nearby gold mine, Pinto's
two former classmates have set Modocs to toiling deep in the burning earth. When
Townsend announces a plan to sink a shaft to the depth of one mile, Pinto
decides to outdo him with a spectacular scientific feat of his own, a vaccine
for rabies. In the mad rush for the vaccine, his adored, if unacknowledged,
half-Modoc son is bitten by a rabid bat. Pinto's desperate battle to save the
boy reveals the tender, remorse-ridden side of his nature.  The grievous scene
redeems Pinto, who at other times can seem an exasperatingly Panglossian
dunderhead.

    From here the novel descends into hell. The Modocs rebel against their
exploiters. Pinto joins the U.S. Army unit dispatched to quell the rebellion,
but eventually throws in his lot with his former Modoc pupils. As they hold out
against a brutal siege, Pinto makes yet another uncredited invention: the
machine gun a weapon so terrible it will, he fantasizes, end all war.

    As the novel rolls toward its inevitable finale, Epstein winds the central
tension between Pinto's faith and the awful fate that befalls his "sons" to the
breaking point. But it never breaks. In the bittersweet final passages, Pinto
transcends absurdity and emerges heroic. And the novel transcends its story to
resonate gently and ironically with our own time.
 June Kinoshita, a New York writer


   TRASHING THE PLANET, by Dixy Lee Ray with Lou Guzzo, Regnery Gateway, $
18.95.

  Are you tired of hearing about acid rain, the ozone layer and rain forests? Do
you long for the good old days when ketchup was a vegetable and nuclear power
was safe?

    Well folks, you can start feeling good about the Earth again.  Things aren't
that bad. There's a new environmental book out that would even make it to the
top of James Watt's reading list.

    Trashing the Planet is dedicated to "all those sensible citizens who may
wonder or worry what all the environmental fuss is about . . ."

    Now sensible citizens are not to be confused with "radical
environmentalists," "militant vegetarians," and "mindless zealots of the
anti-nuclear movement," who are described as "anti-development, anti-progress,
anti-technology, anti-business, anti-established institutions, and above all,
anti-capitalism."

    Instead, sensible citizens should look to "the honorable men and women of
science" for the cure for our sick planet.

    Should we be concerned, for example, about the problem of radioactive radon
gas seeping into our homes? No. There'd be no problem if people didn't seal up
their homes to conserve energy.  Should we spend millions of dollars to remove
cancer-causing asbestos from schools and public buildings? No: ". . . better
simply to ensure that the fibers stayed in place with a coating of good quality
paint."

    What about greenhouse gasses and the vanishing ozone layer?  "Phase out the
use of fossil fuel for making electricity and turn to the established and proven
technology that has no adverse impact on the atmosphere nuclear power."

    Now that's the same skewed logic that sends a half-million soldiers to the
Middle East to fight for oil rather than ask American automobile manufacturers
to increase the fuel efficiency of the cars by a few miles per gallon.

    This book isn't about protecting the environment. It's about promoting
nuclear power. Ray was the former chairman of the Atomic Energy Commission.
"Nuclear power is an unparalleled success," we are told. "Nuclear generation of
electricity is safe." Much is written about the positive applications of nuclear
science; little space is devoted to its most popular application: bombs.

    We are told not to worry. Just sit back and let science provide the answers.


    Is nuclear power safe? Don't ask the authors. You know their answer. Ask the
people of Chernobyl.
 Terry Tomalin, of the Times staff

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              525 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 7, 1984, Monday, Final Edition

Thanks, Huck Finn;
Theme Parks and Accolades For His Centennial

BYLINE: By Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: Style; Prejudices; C1

LENGTH: 1056 words


This month marks the centennial of an event incalculably important to the
development of a genuinely American literature. In May 1884, a novel by Mark
Twain called "Huckleberry Finn," ostensibly a sequel to a novel called "Tom
Sawyer," was first published. This took place not in the United States--where
the novel's appearance was delayed until early the next year--but in London.
Location, though, is insignificant; with the arrival of "Huckleberry Finn," to
borrow a phrase from one of the many writers whose debt to it is enormous, the
earth moved.

The anniversary is, predictably, an occasion for academic conclaves and, in
Twain's Missouri hometown of Hannibal, the separation of tourists from their
money. Twain would have snorted at the former and delighted in the latter; he
had no patience with bunkum, but he did love a good show, especially if it was
put on at the expense of a gullible audience. It is perhaps questionable,
though, whether the amusement he took at blatant hucksterism was great enough to
permit him a chuckle over the news that in a couple of years there will be, a
few miles outside of Hannibal, what is described as a "Mark Twain theme park."

It is not difficult to imagine the snorts and howls, laughter mingled with
outrage, that such a prospect would bring from the whiskered old gentleman
himself; Six Flags Over Hannibal, or Mark Twain World, or whatever the place is
eventually to be called, no doubt would sink to extinction under the sheer force
of his disdain. In that ridicule he would have the full and enthusiastic support
of the other great satirist of American venality, H.L. Mencken, whose contempt
for the dealings of "the booboisie" was matched by his deep love and respect for
the works of Twain, "Huckleberry Finn" most particularly.

For Mencken, as for millions of other Americans over the past century,
encountering the novel was a memorable occasion. For Mencken, in fact, it was
more than that; it was "probably the most stupendous event of my whole life." In
his wonderful memoir, "Larval Stage of a Bookworm," Mencken describes how, at
the age of 8, he explored his father's shelves in search of reading matter:

". . . I found a series of eight or ten volumes cheek by jowl, and it appeared
on investigation that the whole lot had been written by a Mark Twain. I had
heard my father mention this gentleman once or twice in talking to my mother,
but I had no idea who he was or what he had done: he might have been, for all I
knew, a bartender, a baseball-player, or one of the boozy politicoes my father
was always meeting in Washington. But here was evidence that he was a man who
wrote books, and I noted at once that the pictures in those books were not of
the usual funereal character, but light, loose and lively. So I proceeded with
my inquiry, and in a little while I had taken down one of them, a green quarto,
sneaked it to my bedroom, and stretched out on my bed to look into it. It was,
as smarties will have guessed by now, 'Huckleberry Finn.'

"If I undertook to tell you the effect it had upon me my talk would sound
frantic, and even delirious. Its impact was genuinely terrific. I had not gone
further than the first incomparable chapter before I realized, child though I
was, that I had encountered a domain of new and gorgeous wonders, and thereafter
I pressed on steadily to the last word. My gait, of course, was still slow, but
it became steadily faster as I proceeded. As the blurbs on the slip-covers of
murder mysteries say, I simply couldn't put the book down. After dinner that
evening, braving a possible uproar, I took it into the family sitting-room, and
resumed it while my father searched the Evening News hopefully for reports of
the arrest, clubbing and hanging of labor leaders. Anon, he noticed what I was
at, and demanded to know the name of the book I was reading. When I held up the
green volume his comment was 'Well, I'll be durned!' "

There can be, in its centennial year, no better way to think of "Huckleberry
Finn" than this one: A boy discovering the book in a great rush of excitement,
and discovering as well that his pleasure in it is a connection with his father.
There's plenty of room for the critics and scholars to expound upon the deeper
meanings of the novel, whether real or fancied, but we must not lose sight of it
as an important part of the common experience of generations of American
readers. That the novel played a central role in the liberation of American
literature is beyond dispute; but it is also, at a perhaps less exalted but more
immediately recognizable level, a book that has brought unbounded delight to
more people than can be imagined.

To anyone coming upon it with an open mind in the first years of its existence,
it must have seemed the dawning of a new age; an open mind is specified because
in those years of the genteel Victorian tradition, too many minds were closed
against raucous language and earthy characters. A bit of the reality of American
life had previously crept into the work of a few writers, perhaps most notably
that of the Southern folk humorists to whom Twain owed no small debt, but there
had been nothing like "Huckleberry Finn"--not even "Tom Sawyer," which by
comparison seems merely amiable and tame.

"Huckleberry Finn" brought to its readers then, and still brings to them now,
home truths about American life. More than any previous American work of
fiction, it accurately depicts the language and humor of ordinary Americans; it
celebrates the yearning for freedom that occupied so large a part in the psyche
of frontier America; it describes, with a withering sarcasm that many found
profoundly discomforting, the narrowness, complacency and bigotry of the average
American community. In one stroke, it ended the polite age of American
literature and set the stage for the rebellious 20th century.

But surely everyone knows this by now; surely there is no need for further
exegesis, in this space or any other, upon the nature and extent of the book's
meaning and influence. All that is necessary now is to celebrate, to pay our
joyful and grateful respects to the great book and the great man who wrote it.
Beside the monumental accomplishment of "Huckleberry Finn," anything we say
about it is trivial and inadequate. Except, of course: Thank you.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              526 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              July 31, 2009 Friday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 2381 words


State overburdened by politicians, bureaucrats

MOST TALKED ABOUT

QUEENSLAND CORRUPTION

TONY Fitzgerald QC highlights the continuing state of corruption in Queensland
(``Crime body tainted by rogue cop'', 30/7).

It is a lamentable story. However, recent history shows us that similar (perhaps
even greater) levels of chicanery and venality among politicians and
bureaucracies exist in several other state governments.

Since those states have the protective review powers of upper chambers, the
suggested corruption remedy of the addition of such a chamber in Queensland, as
well as adding yet more politicians to a state already overburdened by that
species, seems unlikely to prove effective.

The problem would seem to be an endemic part of our constitutional and political
arrangements. We simply have far too many politicians and their entourages for a
nation of our population.

And the present pre-selection procedures of the major parties seem largely
incapable of producing enough candidates imbued with a sense of public duty.
Abolition of the state governments which some suggest as the remedy for the
problem is unlikely ever to happen but, failing that, urgent and serious reform
at these levels is surely warranted.

John Kidd

Auchenflower, Qld

QUEENSLAND Premier Anna Bligh expresses hollow but familiar concern and promises
of reform (``Bligh urges ban on donations'', 30/7). However, we should take her
seriously, as a ban would cripple Coalition finances, but leave untouched
Labor's union support.

Queensland Labor has nothing to lose in the timing of this debate, and Bligh's
tone of concern is reminiscent of that of her predecessor, who adapted Joh
Bjelke-Petersen's ``don't you worry about that'' quite seamlessly. Now former
premier Peter Beattie, under whom this state of affairs flourished, has to
struggle along on a parliamentary pension and a $490,000 sinecure in Los
Angeles. It's a tough life.

J. Morrissey

Hawthorn, Vic

WE can only look in vain to Anna Bligh to show decisive leadership on cleaning
up Queensland affairs (``The road to despair'', Features, 30/7). After her
promotion to the premiership, one of her wayward parliamentary colleagues was
accused of assaulting members of his own staff. Bligh's inaction over the
incident showed there was no sign of any steely determination.

It was abdication of her responsibility then. Nothing has changed today.

Max Dickens

Main Beach, Qld

IF Anna Bligh is really serious about eliminating government corruption she
could make no better start than by sacking ex-premier Peter Beattie from his
highly paid sinecure in Los Angeles. A failure to do so will only serve to
deepen the now almost universal public cynicism concerning politicians, pigs and
troughs.

John Dean

Earlville, Qld

AFTER all the slick talk, one fact remains indisputable: of the 225 persons
elected to Queensland Parliament in the past 20 years, eight have been convicted
and jailed.

That imprisonment rate is about 22 times that of the general Queensland
population, hardly a statistical blip.

Queensland's elected law-makers of all persuasions must embrace serious and
meaningful reform without delay.

Robert Ginn

Mermaid Beach, Qld

THE Labor Party conference schedule is reported to concentrate on jobs and the
economy. I would have thought at the top of the agenda the national body should
be concentrating on the seemingly endemic corrupt practices of its state Labor
bodies.

Russell Langfield

Kimberley, Tas

AT least in Queensland we had an inquiry. There are other states so bent they
can't even get one started.

Brian D. Lee

Ingham, Qld

IT is a pity former premier Wayne Goss was in such a hurry to abolish imperial
honours in Queensland. He should first have taken the opportunity to have
honoured Tony Fitzgerald for outstanding service to democracy.

Derek Meyers

Brisbane, Qld

WITH Tony Fitzgerald's latest commentary on the dirty politics in Queensland, it
is fortunate that we don't have an over-representation of ``jobs for the boys''
politicians from that state in Canberra.

Mike Yalden

Kiama, NSW

ANNA Bligh's shrill condemnation of the current goings-on in the state are
laughable. Surely the prime example of political patronage is the appointment of
Peter Beattie as trade commissioner to the US. It looks like she was on a
promise.

Peter Arlidge

New Farm, Qld

THE creation of an upper house in Queensland would merely add another carriage
to the Qld Inc gravy train.

Nadia O'Carroll

Mt Tamborine, Qld

`Students' being lured for all the wrong reasons

THE truth is finally out. Vocational schools are set up principally to attract
overseas students who aim to gain permanent residence in Australia under the
pretext of acquiring needed skills (``Indian student market collapsing'', 30/7).

We have unwittingly attracted a category of ``students'' who are here for all
the wrong reasons, and may not necessarily assimilate well with the Australian
way of life.

The Australian authorities need to take a hard look at the connection between
accredited vocational studies and the granting of permanent residence visas.

J. Buttery

Tennyson, SA

DESPITE the large numbers of international students in our public tertiary
educational institutions, we are still accused of ``racism'' if we question it.
Many of the problems experienced by Indian students, as shown in Four Corners,
came from Indian nationals scamming Indian students. If international students
were here to study and then return home with their qualifications, we would not
have the proliferation of bogus schemes that lure people here to train in areas
of ``skills shortages'' at a time of high unemployment.

International students bring in income, but our public education system should
be adequately government-funded, not subsidised by foreign students.

All these scandals are a smoke-screen for the problems faced by Australian
students. With the globalisation of courses and fees, there has been little said
about the massive financial burden being placed on our own students. TAFE fees
are set to escalate and become HECS-style loans, which will further exclude our
own citizens from higher education and training.

We have high unemployment, housing stress, and there is limited financial
support for those studying. Education has become an industry rather than a
public service.

The government's priority should be to educate our own youth so we do not have
``skills shortages'' in Australia.

Vivienne Ortega

Heidelberg Heights, Vic

IN the three periods I spent at university in the last 17 years, tertiary
education has changed a lot. It has become an immigration racket for students.
Individual assignments are now often replaced by group assignments. The stated
reason for group assignments is to prepare students for the collaborative nature
of the workplace, but I believe the real reasons are to reduce the costs of
marking these assignments, and to push up the pass rates by knowingly allowing a
majority of students to bludge on the one in three who actually learn the
material and do the work.

While the influx of multiculturalism does enrich our society, the way we do it
results in Australian education changing from an uplift of skills and awareness
to little more than a sausage factory and a vapid sort of class divide.

James McDonald

Annandale, NSW

Green car in wrong gear

NICOLA Berkovic (``Rudd car plan `no help to industry' '', 30/7) is right on the
money in her well-written piece on the green car fund. It is a program designed
for the big manufacturers and will do nothing for small innovative start-ups
like ours who can't fork out the dollars required to qualify.

Mac Nicolson

Ocean Shores, NSW

IF the federal Government is serious about reducing carbon emissions why doesn't
it buy back cars that are more than 20 years old? The money could then be used
as a deposit on the type of car people want, not the fuel guzzlers the oil
barons want. It would also be more efficient than giving subsidies to car
manufacturers to build the wrong type of car. This step has already been taken
in the northern hemisphere. What is holding Australia back?

C.O. Morgan

Acacia Ridge, Qld

Libs must take the lead

PETER Costello is right to say there is a need for vigorous debate on a carbon
trading scheme within the Liberal party (``Costello backs Tuckey on ETS
debate'', 30/7). However, the Liberals will be doing themselves and the country
a disservice if they let the debate be taken over by climate sceptics.

The Liberal Party needs to move on and challenge the idea that the only
alternatives are to do nothing or tweak the details of carbon trading.

The Liberals will lose out on the climate change debate for as long as Kevin
Rudd can paint them as being reluctant to act. They could be on a real winner if
Labor remains tied to their clumsy, complex trading scheme while the Liberals
are putting up alternatives that are clearly better ways of achieving serious
reductions in net carbon pollution.

John Davidson

Chapel Hill, Qld

I APPLAUD Kevin Rudd for the creation of 50,000 green jobs, but, from among the
electricians, plumbers and construction workers who will benefit, how many will
be women? Green jobs can involve the information technology industry, the energy
sector and waste management, all of which already embrace women's skills and
knowledge. Everyone has a role to play in creating a sustainable future. So men
and women should both benefit from the creation of green jobs and green
industries.

Catherine Davis

Flemington, Vic

Now for some real footy

KARMICHAEL Hunt's switch from NRL to AFL (``Hunt switch stuns a nation'', Sport,
30/7) should not really stun the nation. After all, he is stuck in Brisbane
playing that run and throw game they inappropriately call football, when all the
poor chap wants to do is have a bit of a kick of the footy.

Who could blame him for wanting to better his lot in life by playing a game of
skill and daring, where his athleticism is measured by more than an ability to
run forward, throw a ball, and take the odd hard knock.

Welcome to AFL, Karmichael.

May your pleasure in the game be matched only by the joy you will bring to AFL
supporters nationwide.

Max Borchardt

Toowong, Qld

Business of healing

IN undertaking the reform of our health system, the Rudd Government needs to do
more than look at funding allocations and increasing the number of healthcare
professionals in that system. The most immediate thing the government should do
is to ensure that career paths and remuneration levels ensure that health care
professionals stay at the coalface and do not become part of the management
bureaucracy.

At present, many health care professionals (like most professionals working in
government) are eventually faced with a choice -- either move into the
management side of things, switch to the private system or stay in the same
position, on about the same pay, for the rest of their working lives.

This means that, for example, many highly trained, experienced nurses spend
their time formulating budgets, managing people and debating policy rather than
tending to patients and assisting in surgery.

Doctors, physiotherapists and various specialists also find themselves as
administrators and managers -- a far cry, no doubt, from the dreams they
nurtured of caring for the sick while struggling through their university
degrees.

The problem Kevin Rudd faces is that it is the award-based pay schemes -- so
beloved by both the ALP and its union masters -- that funnel healthcare
professionals away from their core skills areas and into management roles. Any
effective reform of the health system will need to make provision for ensuring
that existing doctors, nurses and other people skilled in healing the sick are
able to continue -- or return to -- discharging those duties without having to
sacrifice salary and career development.

It remains to be seen whether Rudd can challenge his party over our outmoded and
highly damaging award system, but I won't be holding my breath.

Shane Budden

Kenmore, Qld

FIRST BITE

letters@theaustralian.com.au

Graeme Banks laments the loss of the word ``result'' (Letters, 30/7). We now do
not have problems, we have issues; we do not fix issues, we address them. Hence
we get outcomes and not results.

H. Lime

Clayfield, Qld

While we're at it, could we also ban the use of the word ``impact'' as an
all-purpose substitute for ``effect'' and ``affect''?

Adrian Connelly

Springwood, NSW

Once our economy was like a yoyo: it just went up and down according to how much
hamburgers cost in New York. Now we have become the push-me-pull-me economy.
Pushed by the US and pulled by China. We are in for an interesting decade.

Keith Russell

Mayfield West, NSW

Swimming has gone to the togs.

Paul O'Hare

Marrickville, NSW

Those ancient Greeks had it right at their games. All competitors were dressed
the same: naked. As well as a level playing field, it would make some of those
dead boring Olympic sports more interesting.

Graham Egan

Chermside, Qld

Bernard Salt (``Dramatic evolution of Australian palate'', Primespace, 30/7)
``may happen to speak fluent foodie'' but he seems all at sea about ``naval''
oranges.

Judi Cox

Springfield, Qld

No results yet on the ute affair. Was it just a Labor of love?

David Boath

Saint Georges, SA

Greg Sheridan's call (``Manifesto of a `usable' leader'', 30/7) for Tony Abbott
to become Liberal leader is brilliant: it guarantees the Libs will be out of
power for years, which is what our country needs.

Ray Nichols

Port Melbourne, Vic

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

GPO Box 4162, Sydney, NSW, 2001Fax: 02 9288 3077

Email: letters@theaustralian.com.au (no attachments)

Emails and letters should bear a full postal address and day and night telephone
numbers.

Letters to the Editor of The Australian are submitted on the condition that
Nationwide News Pty Ltd as publisher of The Australian may edit and has the
right to, and license third parties to, reproduce in electronic form and
communicate these letters.

Letters online

Letters from this page are published on The Australian's website -- and online
readers have the opportunity to add their own comments. To join the debate go
to: www.theaustralian.com.au/letters

Prints of Leak cartoons

For information on buying prints of any Bill Leak cartoon go to
leakcartoons@theaustralian.com.au

Prints of Nicholson cartoons

To buy a print of a Nicholson cartoon go to
http://www.nicholsoncartoons.com.au/print

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              May 19, 2002, Sunday

Paperbacks

BYLINE: Phil Baker, Pam Barrett, Sam Gilpin, Robbie Hudson, Nicolette Jones,
Trevor

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 769 words


SELKIRK'S ISLAND. By Diana Souhami. Alexander Selkirk, an 18th-century mariner,
was the model for Daniel Defoe's Robinson Crusoe. His island was Juan Fernandez
in the eastern Pacific, where he spent five years after being abandoned in 1704,
following a quarrel with his captain over the seaworthiness of their ship.
(Selkirk was right - the worm-eaten vessel sank soon after). To Souhami, the
island itself is a character, its flora and fauna and dramatic weather changes
so evocatively described that it is a wrench when she has to return to so-called
civilisation. But she is good at all levels: delving into contemporary sources
she explores Selkirk's aggressive, resourceful and complex character, and writes
vividly of the horrors of shipboard life and the venality of some of those who
set sail in search of riches (Phoenix Pounds 7.99). PB

ONE FOR MY BABY. By Tony Parsons. The England to which Alfie Budd returns from
Hong Kong is as out of sorts as he is. Part of him died abroad, along with his
wife and, if his gran's cancer were not enough, his dad has run off with the au
pair. Chin up, though - there is no hurt that cannot be salved by a sagacious
Chinese restaurateur and a doughty single mum. Fitfully pricked with wit,
poignancy and wisdom, Parson's novel mostly mistakes platitudes for philosophy,
and caricatures for characters, in a reductive take on human relationships
(HarperCollins Pounds 6.99). TL

FAIRNESS. By Ferdinand Mount. Mount's subtly comic novel rings the changes on
the idea of "fairness", from beauty to equal rights, with a strong sense that
things are not what they were. The narrator, Gus, pursues an unconsummated
relationship with blonde Helen, who keeps recurring in his life. He meets her in
France, where he is working as a male nanny, then later in Africa, where she is
involved in mineral prospecting, and, finally, in a desolate seaside resort
called Fairness, where he is investigating a child-abuse scandal. There are some
memorable comic characters, and lurking sagely behind it all is the figure of
fictitious philosopher WRScrannell "(1911 1966)". Mount is sometimes compared to
Evelyn Waugh and Anthony Powell, but his writing has a clarity, melancholy and
modern worldly wisdom all his own. (Vintage Pounds 6.99). PhB

STRONG IMAGINATION. By Daniel Nettle. Madness and artistic creativity have often
been regarded as connected, but Nettle brings scientific rigour to a subject
that has previously been bedevilled by anecdote. Beginning with an overview of
our medical understanding of mental illness, Nettle argues for a strong link
between a person's genes and susceptibility to insanity. He then moves on to
natural selection, intriguingly asking if there could be evolutionary advantages
to a genetic predisposition to madness. He comes to the conclusion that
creativity itself provides the requisite benefits. His thesis is both subtle and
concise, and includes fascinating information from a variety of disciplines (OUP
Pounds 8.99). SG

THE NORTHERN LIGHTS. By Lucy Jago. Busy uncovering the solar origins of the
aurora borealis in ways that would not be accepted until 50 years after his
death in 1917, scientist Kristian Birkeland watched the dawn of the 20th century
from a frozen hut on a Norwegian mountainside. He funded his studies on light by
inventing a process for removing nitrogen from the air using hydroelectricity
(big news, as the world began to panic about fertiliser). Workaholism, a
double-dealing business partner and dependence on drink and barbiturates
destroyed his marriage, made him increasingly erratic and paranoid and led to
his lonely death from an overdose in a Japanese hotel. Jago tells the tale with
authoritative flair and attractive economy (Penguin Pounds 6.99). RH

SUMMERTIME. By Raffaella Barker. Barker's novel belongs in the Bridget-Jones
genre - using diary form, omitting the first-person pronoun and glorying in
domestic sluttishness and general incompetence. Its protagonist, Venetia, who
will be familiar to readers of Barker's Hens Dancing, lives in rural chaos in
Norfolk with her three children (the toddler archly referred to only as "the
Beauty".) With little support from her stuffy former husband, a great deal of
interference from her eccentric mother and long silences from her lover, David,
who is working on a film in the Brazilian rainforest, Venetia is desperate to
bring stability to her family life. Predictable mayhem ensues before she
achieves her aim, but there are some funny one-liners and a storyline that keeps
you turning the pages (Review Pounds 6.99). PB


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Books

                    Copyright 2002 Times Newspapers Limited


                              528 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Pirates

BYLINE: By NICOLAS RAPOLD

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; MOVIE
REVIEW; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 241 words


Swords flash, whales splash, and flames erupt in Lee Seok-hoon's new film, ''The
Pirates.'' Besides joining some high-profile South Korean period pictures, this
middling movie is also evidently an attempt to tap the appeal of the ''Pirates
of the Caribbean'' franchise. But the slapdash adventures here lack compelling
performers and bound merrily along without distinction.

The story is set at the dawn of the Joseon dynasty in Korea in the late 14th
century, and the hook is a royal seal that has been swallowed by a whale. This
crisis puts the venality of the country's rulers on display; a scramble ensues
to retrieve the seal, involving a face-tattooed pirate chief and his crew, a
first mate who splits off with her own band of seafarers and some buffoonish
landlubber bandits with diverse hairdos.

Neither the action nor the comedy in this action comedy is consistently strong.
But rambunctious whales (a protective mother and her whimpering baby) and
shipside duels might divert younger viewers, even if the best-developed
sequences seem to have been lifted from other movies.

Before the hunt even begins, there's an hour of setup that drags, despite
good-natured banter and chest-thumping rivalry. But the problem ultimately may
lie in the overarching moral emphasis among the underdog pirates: too much
honor, too little raising hell.

Opens on Friday Directed by Lee Seok-hoon In Korean, with English subtitles 2
hours 10 minutes; not rated

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/12/movies/the-pirates-a-korean-swashbuckler.html

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:   Son Ye-jin plays one of the seafaring adventurers in ''The
Pirates,'' a South Korean action comedy directed by Lee Seok-hoon. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY WELL GO USA ENTERTAINMENT)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              529 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 15, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Giving Comedy a Darker Hue

BYLINE: By JAMES STERNGOLD

SECTION: Section C; Page 17; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 905 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, May 14


There is a brief moment in Larry Gelbart's dark new television film, "Weapons of
Mass Distraction," when there is suddenly hope that this bleak comedy about the
tabloidization of America might ease back into mere satire, pleasant if somewhat
cynical entertainment.

Alan Blanchard (Jeffrey Tambor) is crushed after being fired as the dirty-tricks
expert for the brutal media tycoon Lionel Powers (Gabriel Byrne), so he climbs
to the roof of a hospital and stands shakily on the ledge, but then wavers.
Perhaps it is just a gag after all, the anxious viewer is led to think, and
Blanchard will step back or, as Mr. Gelbart mused during an interview this week,
"maybe it'll all just turn out to be a dream."

Not a chance. Blanchard jumps, landing with a disgusting thud, and this searing,
made-for-cable film, which will have its premiere on Saturday night on HBO,
stakes its claim as perhaps the darkest comedy in years, with one such bitter
plot twist after another.

Indeed, the film has the feel of a throwback. It is an example of a genre that
has grown increasingly rare, the genuine black comedy, in which the man on the
ledge will always leap, and there is little if any relief from the depiction of
American society as a grim, Jobian struggle in which baser instincts always seem
to win out, at least if politics or business are involved.

Watching the movie's supremely cynical ending, about the packaging of tragedy as
talk-show fodder, it is clear that Mr. Gelbart, age 69, long recognized as one
of the country's finest comic screenwriters, is finally letting off steam as one
of the country's angriest.

That is the real weapon on display in the film: anger about the manipulativeness
of the tabloid media and the venality of the media barons, who bear some
likeness to people like Rupert Murdoch and Ted Turner. (Mr. Turner is the vice
chairman of Time Warner, which owns HBO.) Given that Mr. Murdoch is now trying
to buy the Los Angeles Dodgers to add to his empire, and that the film centers
on two media chieftains vying to acquire a football franchise for the same
reason, the movie has a strong contemporary resonance.

"I think a lot of people won't like it, because people who know me might expect
stuff a good deal lighter," said Mr. Gelbart, the writer or co-writer of such
notable comedies as the "M*A*S*H" television series, the Broadway musical "A
Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" and the film "Tootsie." "The real
surprise was that I let me do it. But I became aware that some part of my
internal editing department said you cannot produce a work that says we're just
diverted by all this. I guess I was angry."

In "Weapons of Mass Distraction," the institutions of the establishment are seen
as dehumanizing machines designed to crush the individual, as they were in
subversive, iconic films of the 1960's and 70's, like "Dr. Strangelove," "Putney
Swope" and "Network."

"The American audience has been particularly resistant to black comedy or
especially black political comedy, because it doesn't make for fun," said Buck
Henry, the screenwriter whose recent comedy, "To Die For," took a decidedly dark
look at the media. "It depresses them."

He added: "What's more important, black comedy doesn't speak to the young
audience. It's limited in its appeal to start with, and it's difficult to do
well."

Jonathan Lynn, director of comedies like "My Cousin Vinnie" and "The
Distinguished Gentleman," observed: "That's a genre that has gone. It's not that
there aren't writers and actors who wouldn't especially like doing it. But
there's no sense in trying to do something that won't sell. And I don't mean to
the public. To the studios. They want happy endings."

That is not to say there are no comedies these days with dark-tinged humor.
Movies like "Grosse Point Blank," about a professional killer going to his high
school reunion; "Fargo," about a pregnant police chief unraveling a bizarre
series of murders, or "The Player," which took a cynical look at the
Machiavellian behavior of movie executives, all were notably bleak at times.

But the anger never seemed to reach the level of persistence found in "Weapons
of Mass Distraction," in which the battling titans, played by Mr. Byrne and Ben
Kingsley, use their media outlets to expose each others' darkest secrets. There
are mistresses and incest, penile-enlargement operations and secret
transsexuals. Powers brags that his father, who founded the media conglomerate,
"understood this synergy between papers, news and toilets."

His rival, Julian Messenger, played by Mr. Kingsley, tells a senator whom he is
blackmailing, "You have a very good voting record and an even better head of
hair."

After a hearing that has been rigged, one senator says to another: "Nobody buys
senators anymore. We're much cheaper to lease."

Another senator explains, "Going through the motions is what democracy is all
about."

Mr. Gelbart, who is politically liberal, said he knew that there was a powerful
current of cynicism in the script and that it was intended as an antidote to the
tone of most films these days.

"We've been homogenized, standardized," Mr. Gelbart said. "There's a sense of
downsizing in creativity as well. We want happy endings, people to root for, so
there's some hope no matter how bleak the situation."

He added: "I've lost a lot of life hiding behind comedy. I wanted to do
something truer here."

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Larry Gelbart. (Ron Batzdorff/HBO) (pg. C19)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              530 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 2, 1996 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Bottom of the barrel;
BOOKS

BYLINE: Reviewed by TOM GILLING Tom Gilling is a Sydney journalist.

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 665 words


WASHINGTON BABYLON

By Alexander Cockburn and Ken Silverstein Verso, 316pp, $12.95 ISBN 1 86091 427
5

WASHINGTON Babylon is very like Hollywood Babylon, only its leading men are
jowlier. It nourishes the same titanic egos, the same rabid self-promotion, the
same gaudy production values, the same obsession with money. It has everything
Hollywood has except, perhaps, the talent.

Cockburn and Silverstein don't pursue the analogy, but their scurrilous, gossipy
book has much in common with Kenneth Anger's celebrated expose' of movie vice
and villainy, including the mischiev ous photos.

Cockburn writes for The Nation, a respectable US pol itic al journal.
Silverstein writes for The Nation and Harper's magazine. Together they issue
fortnightly bulletins on corrupt ion in the capital, under the title
CounterPunch.

They are not shy about hitting low, indulging freely in scathing libels that
would send any Australian politician scuttling for an injunction. Take Henry
Kissinger: "Arguably the most amoral and criminal official of the post-war era."
Or Senator Larry Pressler: "Mentally frail and morally inert ... an imbecile of
fantastic proportions." Or Newt Gingrich: "One of the great welfare cheats of
all time ... life-long philanderer while promoting 'family values'."

Rousing stuff, but is it true? Is it fair? Does it have to be? The authors'
self-appointed role is to prick the great balloon of political venality while
everyone else is blowing air into it; to prise the lid off the pork barrel, not
to itemise its contents. They tend to leave their sources unnamed, often prefer
assertion and invective to argument, and fail to supply any footnotes to support
their allegations. They revel unashamedly in what the Village Voice calls "down
and dirty muckraking".

One of the book's central accusations is that the mainstream US media is in bed
- often literally - with the Washington power elite, which is in bed with the
militaryindustrial complex, the loggers, polluters and tax dodgers, and that the
TV and newspaper tycoons have too much to lose to allow this orgiastic synergy
to be undermined by honest reporting.

As for the reporters themselves, the descendants of Woodward and Bernstein have,
say the authors, become part of the political and financial establishment -
overpaid, overdressed and overweening, taking tainted money from think-tanks and
lobbyists and corporations, and imbibing the prevailing right-wing orthodoxies
with their Napa Valley chardonnay. They have a vested, and often invested,
interest in keeping the power elite in power.

In chapters on Congress, the lobbyists, the Pentagon, the green movement and the
presidency, Cockburn and Silverstein build up a detailed and convincing account
of American polity fouled by money. Washington Babylon is a place where bribery
is the accepted way of doing business, where private tycoons and corporate
moguls loot the public purse, where the President is in hock to a chook farmer
and the only good tree is a felled one. Capitalism, Capitol-style, is simply a
licensed trade in political favours.

The startling thing is how little it takes to buy influence in the world's
greatest democracy. A spate of post-Watergate laws intended to cut down the more
flagrant displays of political graft meant that huge sums of cash could no
longer be so openly handed to candidates. But it didn't stop organisations and
individuals funnelling money to Congressmen, and to the White House itself, in
direct return for helpful legislation.

Sugar farmers lay out a few thousand in return for millions in tax breaks and
federal subsidies. Health insurers buy opposition to health-care reform. Logging
companies stump up in return for cheap timber from State forests. As Charles
Lewis, head of Washington's Center for Public Integrity, puts it: "A company can
give $5,000 in an election cycle or $50,000 to the party and get itself a tax
break or special rule worth millions, It's like tipping the bellboy on your way
to the hotel room."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: ROCCO FAZZARI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1996 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Afghanistan's Other Front

BYLINE: By JOSEPH KEARNS GOODWIN.

Joseph Kearns Goodwin was a captain in the Army and served tours in both Iraq
and Afghanistan.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 848 words

DATELINE: Concord, Mass.


ALLEGATIONS of ballot-stuffing in the presidential election in Afghanistan last
month are now so widespread that a recount is necessary, and perhaps even a
runoff. Yet this electoral chicanery pales in comparison to the systemic,
day-to-day corruption within the administration of President Hamid Karzai, who
has claimed victory in the election. Without a concerted campaign to fight this
pervasive venality, all our efforts there, including the sending of additional
troops, will be in vain.

I have just returned from Afghanistan, where I spent seven months as a special
adviser to NATO's director of communications. On listening tours across the
country, we left behind the official procession of armored S.U.V.'s, bristling
guns and imposing flak jackets that too often encumber coalition forces when
they arrive in local villages. Dressed in civilian clothes and driven in
ordinary cars, we were able to move around in a manner less likely to intimidate
and more likely to elicit candor.

The recurring complaint I heard from Afghans centered on the untenable
encroachment of government corruption into their daily lives -- the homeowner
who has to pay a bribe to get connected to the sewage system, the defendant who
tenders payment to a judge for a favorable verdict. People were so incensed with
the current government's misdeeds that I often heard the disturbing refrain:
''If Karzai is re-elected, then I am going to join the Taliban.''

If there is any entity more reviled in Afghanistan than the Karzai government
and coalition forces, it is the Taliban, so I never took these desperate
exclamations to be literally true. But these outbursts reveal a disgust with the
current government so pronounced it cannot be dismissed. And the international
community's reluctance to fight corruption head-on has inextricably linked it
with the despised administration. As we continue to give unequivocal support to
a crooked government, our credibility is greatly diminished and the difficulty
of our mission greatly increased.

Forcing a change in the endemic culture of corruption cannot be an afterthought.
It must be the priority of the international forces, oversight agencies and
countries that have invested so much blood and treasure in Afghanistan. How,
then, do we go about it?

First, a document clearly outlining both a code of government conduct and a plan
to combat corruption must be signed by all significant actors in the region. The
Afghan government's reluctance to make such a commitment in a meaningful manner
must be overcome by relentless pressure from the international community. The
government must be made to understand that this is an essential condition for
continued support -- as fundamental as its help in hunting down the enemy.

There also need to be viable mechanisms for the population to report corruption.
They could take a number of forms: ombudsmen committees that would travel
throughout the countryside, or phone lines and drop boxes that could collect
complaints while protecting the whistleblowers.

Even the Taliban understand the need for an outlet to expose government
misconduct: according to the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Adm. Mike
Mullen, in an article he wrote for Joint Force Quarterly, the Taliban, despite
their astonishing brutality, have begun to ''allow people to file formal
complaints against local Talib leaders.''

We must ensure that credible complaints are reported up the chain of command,
both Afghan and international, and investigated thoroughly instead of vanishing
thanks to some political or personal favor. Ultimately this process should be
monitored by an anti-corruption unit of the Afghan national police and
prosecuted by the Afghan attorney general's office; but just as international
forces provide direction, training and oversight to local military operations,
so too the international community must be closely involved with, even leading
as necessary, anti-corruption efforts until Afghan bodies are able to do so
alone.

Of course, there must also be consequences for inaction: we must withhold
reconstruction dollars and financial support from those districts or government
agencies that do not meet the agreed-upon goals for transparency and
accountability.

Finally, when judging the success of efforts to combat corruption we must do so
from the point of view of ordinary Afghans. For instance, how many times is a
truck driver transporting cargo from Herat to Kabul forced to stop and hand over
a bribe at police ''checkpoints''? Or how many palms must a local businessman
grease to win a government reconstruction contract? By simply observing daily
tasks that have thus far been obstacle courses of graft we can begin to see how
the battle against corruption is progressing.

Afghans' lack of faith in their government is as damaging as the armed
insurgency. Indeed, our failure to combat corruption not only undermines our
efforts to build governmental institutions deserving of the confidence and
support of the Afghan people, but also threatens all our labors in their
country.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY ALAIN PILON)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              532 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             June 22, 2013 Saturday

With seat at world soccer table, Gulati proceeds cautiously;
U.S. Federation chief promises to play fair as FIFA committee member

BYLINE: SAM BORDEN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 906 words

DATELINE: SALT LAKE CITY, Utah

ABSTRACT

Sunil Gulati of the United States won election to the 25-member executive
committee of soccer's governing body by one vote. Now comes the hard part.

FULL TEXT

Two months ago, in a ballroom at the Westin Playa Bonita in Panama City, Sunil
Gulati became one of the 25 most powerful people in world soccer. So as he sat
in a hotel restaurant here this week, why was it hard to know whether to offer
congratulations or condolences?

Gulati, the president of the U.S. Soccer Federation, was elected to the
25-member executive committee of FIFA, soccer's governing body, in an 18-17 vote
by members of Concacaf, the regional organization consisting of countries from
North America, Central America and the Caribbean.

On the surface, this is positive. The United States now has a seat at the table,
as Gulati said, in the group that makes most of the important decisions in
global soccer, including selecting the dates and sites for major tournaments.
That presence is no small development for a country that has problems related to
its own professional league. Major League Soccer does not have a
promotion-and-relegation system, unlike most of the rest of the world, and it
does not play its season in the traditional international window; having FIFA's
approval for these idiosyncrasies, Gulati noted, is important.

So from that perspective, Gulati's election is encouraging. But it also feels a
bit as if a child has put on a crisp white suit just before going out to play
beside a giant mud puddle.

Global soccer is, at present, a quagmire of corruption. Bribery, blackmail and
cronyism are rampant, and in recent years as many as 10 members of the executive
committee have been linked to venalities of varying degrees.

Sometimes, even the heroes are villains; Gulati won a seat only after one was
vacated by Chuck Blazer, an American who was once hailed as a whistle-blower for
helping expose the corruption of two other committee members but is now
''provisionally banned'' by FIFA after being accused of fraud.

This is the unsavory world into which Gulati, who is also an economics lecturer
at Columbia University in New York, is willingly diving. He knows the stakes and
knows the standards (such as they are), and he is making a conscious choice to
try to effect change by stepping into the morass instead of protesting from the
outside.

Some would prefer he do otherwise. For those who have tracked soccer's sleazy
side - accusations abound of World Cup bids being bought and favors being
exchanged - Gulati's approach can be maddening, akin to the politician's telling
his angry constituents that these things take time.

''I think you need a healthy dose of idealism and pragmatism,'' he said. ''I
think it's both. The balance between those two is probably ever-changing.''

He added: ''The idealism part is we're going to play by these rules, and we let
everyone know that we're going to play by these rules. The pragmatism part is
how we handle the things we want to change.''

There are fair questions to be asked about Gulati's association with Blazer -
''Looking back, should more questions have been raised? Yes,'' he said - but
Gulati maintains his hands are clean. He has seen and heard about inappropriate
requests made by organizing committees looking to garner votes for their World
Cup bids, and he is steadfast that the group he led to land the 2022 World Cup
was beyond reproach.

''We had President Clinton and some of the top corporate leaders involved,'' he
said. ''We didn't face any requests that caused us to pause and certainly no
requests that we met that were inappropriate.''

Left unsaid was the reality that not getting dirty might have been part of the
reason the U.S. bid was trounced by the bid from Qatar, the tiny Middle Eastern
nation, in a final round of voting that has since been scrutinized as possibly
tainted.

After that defeat, Gulati could have been disenfranchised. Instead, he chose to
be motivated. When it became apparent an executive committee seat would open, he
campaigned for the job, telling representatives from the other Concacaf nations
that he could make no concrete assurances other than that he would seek to be
transparent and honest. When the representative from Anguilla, casting the final
vote, said ''Sunil'' in that ballroom in Panama, his vision was launched.

''The first and most significant point of my campaign platform was that I'm not
making any promises,'' he said. ''What will happen if you do it that way? One of
two things: either you can cause some change or you will get changed. Hopefully,
it's the former.''

It is a noble notion, even as Gulati struggles with how to make it all work. He
wants openness, but hesitates to say whether he believes the Qatar World Cup
should be shifted to winter from its traditional summer dates. He wants
transparency but still says he is not certain he can reveal how much he will be
paid to be on the committee.

''I'm working on that,'' he said.

It is a work in progress, but in a few weeks it will be exactly 25 years since
the United States was awarded the 1994 World Cup, a moment that many, including
Gulati, believe was the beginning of the country's presence on the global soccer
stage. At the time, it was enough for the United States to simply be present.

Now, Gulati wants more. He wants change. He wants progress. He wants growth. He
has put on his white suit and, for that, he deserves congratulations. Or
condolences. Maybe both.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                November 8, 1998

Hype springs eternal;
A Man in Full by Tom Wolfe Jonathan Cape 742pp £ 20

BYLINE: Peter Conrad

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 666 words


THE brash, skyscraping egos of America love to build monuments to themselves.
In his second novel, Tom Wolfe surveys the skyline of Atlanta, the country's
latest mushroom metropolis, and notes that those spires of ghostly, uninhabited
glass are sustained by nothing more than speculative puffery.  Atlanta's
developers are "hypnomaniac" self-advertisers like Wolfe's Charles Croker, who
fancies that he has annexed the universe by means of a multinational company
grandiosely known as Croker Global.  A Man In Full, narrating Croker's financial
disgrace and his gratuitous redemption, promises to fill out the figure of the
tycoon and his parvenu society.  But this overhyped blockbuster ends as the
inflated, flatulent image of the vices it supposedly decries.

Between 1965 and 1976, in a series of books extending from The Kandy-Kolored
Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby to Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine, Wolfe
zappily reinvented the art of reportage.  Then he made a fatal, hubristic error,
exchanging lowly journalism for fiction.  His Bonfire Of The Vanities should
have been a waspish essay on the fickle consumerism and institutional venality
of the eighties; instead, predicting apocalypse in Manhattan overrun by
Reaganite yuppies, it lunged towards grandeur and became tall -- like a
jumped-up skyscraper -- by walking on stilts.  On that basis of that single,
lucrative act of pretension, Wolfe's publishers now salute him as "our most
admired novelist", which slights Updike, Pynchon, DeLillo, Vidal and a dozen
others.

Emboldened by such fawning, Wolfe reappears after a decade's silence with A Man
In Full, which gluttonously strains to gobble up the contemporary world by
stuffing itself with journalistic controversies and disasters.  Croker is
explicitly modelled on Robert Maxwell.  A sub-plot features an insolent black
athlete, like Mike Tyson and O J Simpson joined at the groin, accused of raping
a white socialite.  Across the continent, the San Francisco earthquake creakily
facilitates another plot.

The title gives notice of Wolfe's ambition to take on the entire history of the
form; from Fielding's Tom Jones to Musil's Man Without Qualities, the novel's
bravest aim has been to tell the whole truth about individuals.  Wolfe can weigh
Croker, who tips the scales at 235 pounds, and tabulate his assets in a numbing
numerical ledger: he owns 29,000 acres of Georgia forest, along with 59 nags, 22
mules and 40 gundogs.  He also happens to owe the bank half a billion
greenbacks.  Yet Croker, like his debts, is a row of exponentiating, empty
zeros.

Then Croker announces his redemption at a press conference, but because there is
nothing inside him, Wolfe cannot make his change of heart plausible -- unless
you are prepared to believe that this brawling, semi-literate jock would really
have reassessed his life after reading Epictetus.

Has there been writing as coarse as this -- as vulgar and violent, as otiosely
overdone, as flushed with ugly, crimson tumescence -- since the heyday of Mickey
Spillane, whose PI, Mike Hammer, indifferently brutalised men, women and the
English language?  This is a book whose very typography can give you an earache.
Wolfe's style is the equivalent of a ghetto blaster.  Giving up the effort to
use words expressively, he relies on amps -- silently conjured up by tabloid
capitals and inky italics -- to hype his meaning.  A telephone rings, and Wolfe
mimics it: "Trrrilll". (He does this 12 times because, I suppose, the phone goes
on ringing.) A fight between convicts begins with the pummelled loser squealing
"Awwwhhhhhh!" Then he screams "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" Finally he screeches
"ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh". This time there are fewer consonants and no exclamation
mark, but the italics presumably vouch for an intenser agony.

Another American talent, alas, has been sabotaged by vanity and cupidity.  No
wonder Jonathan Cape has A Man In Full under prepublication embargo: it should
stay there.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Tom Wolfe . . . sabotaged by vanity, PHOTOGRAPH: OUTLINE/KATZ

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              534 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 6, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Governor Pilots Baja On Novel Political Course;
Political Pluralism Comes Slowly to Mexico

Edward Cody, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A16

LENGTH: 859 words

DATELINE: MEXICALI, Mexico


Gov. Ernesto Ruffo has given Mexico an unprecedented and sometimes jolting dose
of political pluralism in the two years since he handed the ruling Institutional
Revolutionary Party (PRI) its first loss of a governorship in more than 60 years
of single-party domination.

Ruffo, who used to run a fishing company in Ensenada, has taken on the
PRI-linked unions in Baja California's state bureaucracy, battled against
endemic corruption and, in perhaps the most telling initiative, challenged the
near-omnipotent federal government in Mexico City by demanding a voice for his
state in raising and allocating taxes.

These actions, although they have not led to a confrontation with President
Carlos Salinas de Gortari's administration, mark a clear departure from
politics-as-usual in a country in which governors traditionally look for
guidance or advancement toward the president, cabinet ministers and the PRI
apparatus in the capital.

"You can see things are different," said Mirna Murguia, a nonpartisan Mexicali
activist who runs the Desert Youth Shelter for teenagers expelled from the
United States as illegal aliens.

Ruffo's election in July 1989 as standard-bearer for the business-oriented
National Action Party (PAN) was the first time an opposition leader overcame the
PRI's power monopoly and gained control in one of Mexico's 31 states. Although a
humiliation for the PRI, it was regarded as evidence of sincerity in Salinas's
pledges to halt electoral fraud and allow political pluralism.

The pledges face more tests in the next few weeks as six states elect governors
and nine states conduct local and national legislative elections. The PRI
leader, Sen. Luis Donaldo Colosio, recently expressed confidence the ruling
party will retain all six governorships, but Ruffo's experience is being closely
watched as a measure of what to expect if the PRI's grip slips again.

When he took office in late 1989, Ruffo's most spectacular move was to declare
an end to official corruption. Baja California's former PRI governor,
Xicotencatl Leyva Mortera, built a reputation for venality that had been a major
campaign issue.

Ruffo, 38, gave police a big raise and declared that bribes no longer would be
tolerated. He stopped traditional handouts for journalists, published state
accounts in the newspapers and brought formal charges against two officials
accused of steering $ 10 million from state coffers to help finance the PRI's
unsuccessful gubernatorial candidate.

In an attack on the PRI's patronage system, Ruffo restaffed state offices with
his own appointees, meaning 160 new officials out of a total 6,000 state
employees. The shift has led to friction with PRI-linked state employee unions
that long had been channels for rewarding political loyalty.

"This is something very new, very difficult," Ruffo said in an interview.

Critics have noted that the housecleaning was not all good as inexperienced
officials stumbled and long-standing contacts with federal ministries were lost.
Xavier Cital, a PRI legislative candidate, said the business-oriented PAN
appointees also neglected the needs of Baja California's rural inhabitants and
poor suburbs during their first months in office.

"We have had a double challenge, to do what we said we would do and to learn how
to do it," acknowledged Ruffo.

The struggle against corruption, for instance, still has a long way to go.

Mayor Carlos Montejo Favelo of Tijuana, a PAN leader who was elected at the same
time as Ruffo, recently dismissed the police chief amid allegations that
businessmen and tourists still are being shaken down. And Ruffo suspended two
state transportation officials last week pending an investigation into charges
of irregularities in allocating taxi licenses and bus routes.

Relations with Salinas's federal government have been good, according to Ruffo,
business leaders and local PRI officials. There has been no attempt to withhold
funds or neglect federal projects, including a major east-west highway across
the Baja California peninsula. Salinas or his ministers have made several
visits.

Alfredo Gonzalez Rubio, president of the Mexicali branch of the National Chamber
of Commerce, suggested that the smooth relations are due in part to the fact
Ruffo is pressing for the same kind of reforms in Baja California that Salinas
is urging on the national level, but within the PRI.

Francisco Perez Tejada, a PRI militant and alternate senatorial candidate, said
Salinas has created a reform atmosphere in which Ruffo's opposition government
has a role to play. The PRI's federal government network has withheld the
budgetary, political and law-enforcement weapons it might have deployed to sink
Ruffo's experiment.

"In another era, Ruffo would not have lasted six months," Perez added.

But Ruffo also has challenged centralized rule.

He insisted on his own conditions for state-level voting supervision in an
accord worked out with the National Electoral Institute. And he has demanded
that the federal government, which raises virtually all taxes, give him
information on how much tax money is raised in Baja California, and from whom.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              535 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 30, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

RIP TORN;
A Tiger Lurking In a Pussycat's Skin

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 6; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 235 words


To the Editor:

I don't buy Rip Torn's tame old pussycat routine ["After Paying the Price,
Reaping the Joy," March 16]. Rip directed my play "The Happy Bar" at the Actors
Studio in 1967. He took an unwieldy monster with 27 characters and a
split-level, five-room set and honed it into a brilliantly cohesive production.

I say this to give evidence of Rip's intelligence, professionalism and
remarkable theatrical imagination. As for his acting in serious roles, Rip's
strong suit has always been his ability to communicate imminent danger. We can't
take our eyes off him on stage because we know there's a tiger just beneath the
surface.

I have always been fond of Rip, and I applaud any success he manages to achieve,
but the Hollywood comics Rip thanks for his resurgence do not deserve to be in
the same room with him. They provide an escape from the dark shadows of life
that Rip dredges up and holds out for our examination.

As for the limitations imposed on his career, Geraldine Page once said: "They're
afraid of Rip. He's one of the people of whom they say: 'Watch out for him. He
knows what he's talking about.' " Rip may find it necessary to soften his image
to make a living, and more power to him. One can only hope that "they" give him
enough rope that he may one day leap forth as a tiger and rip the throat out of
their venality and cynicism.

KENNETH H. BROWN
Brooklyn

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              536 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 10, 1988, Tuesday, City Edition

Special prosecutor ruling could be a crucial one

BYLINE: ALFRED E. KAHN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; COLUMNS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 753 words

DATELINE: ITHACA, N.Y.



ITHACA, N.Y. - Now that the Supreme Court has heard oral arguments    on the
constitutionality of the law establishing special prosecutors,    we enter the
second act of a political drama that could generate a    crisis of confidence in
our democratic institutions. As such, the case    deserves far greater scrutiny
than it has received so far.

     Apparently, a respectable case can be made on both sides of the
constitutional question. The Circuit Court of Appeals in Washington    decided,
2-1, that the law violates the separation of powers principle    in the
Constitution. On the other side are the Constitution's plain    words that "the
Congress may by law vest the appointment of such    inferior officers, as they
think proper, in the president alone, in the    courts of law, or in the heads
of departments."

     The issue is, however, also profoundly political. It was obviously    not
mere coincidence that the two judges who struck down the statute    were Reagan
appointees and the dissenter a Carter appointee.

     Nor is it coincidental that the public debate clearly has aligned    the
administration and its supporters against the liberal opposition,    and that
the challenges to the law have been lodged by present and    former members of
the administration, most of them associated in one    way or another with
accusations of corruption and venality, improper    exertion of political
influence, disregard of laws, lying to Congress,    conducting a personal
foreign policy and misuse of government funds.

     The U.S. Supreme Court is heavily constituted of appointees by the
administration in effect on trial in these proceedings - Justices    Sandra Day
O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Anthony Kennedy appointed by    President Reagan,
and Justice William Rehnquist elevated by him to    chief justice.

     This is the group that, together with Justice Byron White, has just
chosen on its own initiative to reconsider the constitutionality of a    7-2
decision in 1976 expanding the protections against discrimination -
demonstrating a willingness to violate the injunctions to practice    "judicial
restraint" that they have themselves so frequently    advocated in other
contexts.

     If this group now sustains the appeals court decision and the    official
position of the administration itself (Justice Kennedy is not    participating
in the case, but because of that it will take only four    votes to leave the
lower court decision undisturbed), it will be    impossible to escape the
suspicion that the decision was political.

     Whatever the rationalizations for such a decision (such as    preservation
of presidential prerogatives against congressional    encroachment), and however
sincerely they may be held, the executive    branch in effect will have
exonerated itself - adding to the    & presidential power to pardon convicted
criminals the prerogative of not    prosecuting them in the first place.

     If the public is adequately informed about what is at stake, it    could
well be that such a decision by the Supreme Court would set off    such a
political furor as to deny the presidency to Vice President    George Bush, just
as President Ford's pardon of former President Nixon,    in an analogous
situation, cost him the 1976 election.

     Whether that happens will depend in part on whether the issue and    danger
are widely discussed before the Supreme Court rules. If the    public interest
and awareness are sufficient, it is conceivable that    the court may be
influenced by that election year consideration in    reaching its decision and
avert what could be - or ought to be - a    genuine crisis of confidence.

     My own conviction is that intervention by a judiciary heavily    composed
of Reagan appointees to relieve present and former members of    that same
administration of the threat of prosecution for various    offenses against
morality and the law - in a situation in which the    constitutional principles
do not unequivocally dictate one result or    the other - ought to be an
occasion for rioting in the streets.

  - Alfred E. Kahn, President Carter's adviser on inflation, is    professor of
political economy at Cornell University. -



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              537 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           December 23, 2010 Thursday

A COP FOR CUOMO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 256 words


Former New York City cop Joseph D'Amico has been tabbed by Gov.- elect Andrew
Cuomo to restore the once-sterling reputation of New York's hyper-politicized
State Police.

He'd better bring a big broom.

Three consecutive governors -  of both parties -  misused state troopers for
personal and political gain:

* Under George Pataki, then-State Police Lt. Col. Daniel Wiese helped block an
NYPD probe of alleged fund-raising infractions by Pataki's campaign.

* Under Eliot Spitzer, Wiese -  by then retired, but still well-connected -
helped dispatch troopers to spy on then-Senate Majority Leader Joe Bruno.

* And under David Paterson, troopers attached to the governor's security detail
interfered in a domestic-violence case involving a Paterson aide.

Fortunately, D'Amico knows this troubling history quite well, having joined the
attorney general's office in 2007 and led the Troopergate investigation.

The subsequent report led to multiple probes that exposed Spitzer's venality
well before the prostitution charges that forced his resignation.

Before that, D'Amico finished 27 years at the NYPD by running the Real Time
Crime Center, which modernized detective work. Police Commissioner Ray Kelly
called D'Amico's tenure "one of absolute integrity, professionalism and a
commitment to the safety and security of the people of the city and state of New
York."

Joseph D'Amico appears to have just the right set of qualities to restore
confidence in the agency and bring it renewed respect from the public.

We wish him well.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 9, 2008 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

O.J. SIMPSON'S ROUGH JUSTICE

BYLINE: Tony Norman

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 785 words


Thirteen years ago when O.J. walked out of a Los Angeles courtroom after he was
acquitted of a double murder, he had the demeanor of a man who had gotten away
with a great crime. Visibly relieved, traces of the smile he once employed as
one of corporate America's favorite pitchmen crept tentatively across his face
as each "not guilty" verdict was read aloud.

As much of the nation swooned and gnashed its teeth from the injustice of it
all, O.J. Simpson swore he would devote himself to finding the person who
murdered his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman.

He was systematic in his investigation. He moved across the country to Florida
where he spent most of his time looking for clues on exclusive golf courses and
on the front page of tabloids. He dated women who bore eerie resemblances to his
murdered ex-wife. In 1997, he lost a $33.5 million civil suit lodged by the
families of the victims, but his NFL pension was untouchable. Meanwhile, he
engaged in stunts that exploited his own notoriety.

Eventually, he wrote a book that "re-created" the murder of his wife and her
friend and called it fiction. Though his golf game remained mediocre, he made
his peace with the moral vacuity that accompanied his stunted celebrity.
Anniversaries of the murders didn't seem to bother him. Through it all, his
smile remained ineffable. He was content to live out the remainder of his days
as the poster child for a toxic brand of American venality and high-spirited
banality.

Then in 2007, the once-wily Bugs Bunny of criminal defendants got stupid. While
visiting Las Vegas to attend a wedding, the fallen football star and B-movie
actor put together a posse of sycophants and hatched a plan to "recover" stolen
property from two souvenir dealers specializing in O.J. memorabilia. Guns were
brandished and threats shouted in a tiny casino-hotel room. Little did O.J. know
that the confrontation was taped and would eventually give a Sin City jury
incontrovertible evidence that he wasn't the affable dunce from the "Naked Gun"
movies.

His sycophants turned state's evidence. The racially charged theatrics of his
murder trial was replaced by a low-energy sequel. This time, there was a
shortage of big characters and incompetent prosecutors. In October, 13 years to
the day after beating a double murder rap and assuming the mantle of America's
Rorschach test, O.J. Simpson was convicted on 12 charges that included
kidnapping and armed robbery. Friday was Judgment Day. He was facing life in
prison.

There was an air of inevitability as he stood to hear Clark County District
Court Judge Jackie Glass pronounce his sentence. Like Wile. E. Coyote grabbing
the air beneath his feet before tumbling into a ravine, O.J. tried a previously
undreamed of gambit. He expressed contrition.

"I just wanted my personal things," he said. "I was stupid. I'm sorry. I didn't
know I was doing anything illegal. I thought I was confronting friends. I
thought I was retrieving my things. I didn't mean to hurt anybody and I didn't
mean to steal anything."

If the dealers had defied a loaded gun pointing in their faces, O.J. insisted it
was always his intention to go to the police with his tale of woe. Judge Glass
reminded the defendant that the jury heard the entire confrontation on tape and
that it wasn't as benign and uneventful as he presented it. She sentenced him to
at least 15 years. He has to serve nine before he can be considered for parole.
He could serve as much as 30 years. The court gave itself a lot of latitude.

"Obviously he's upset by the prospect of facing nine years in prison, but I
think he's really relieved he didn't get a life sentence," said lawyer Yale
Galanter, the only man in America who is arguably more oblivious than O.J.
Simpson. At 61, the Pro Football Hall of Famer is guaranteed to do hard time for
nearly a decade. The late Johnnie Cochran would have understood immediately that
his client had a good chance of drawing his last breath behind bars.

There's a part of me that wants to believe that like Raskolnikov in "Crime and
Punishment," O.J. Simpson felt an inner compulsion to repent of his great crime.
His caper in Las Vegas didn't rise to the level of a double homicide, but it was
as clear a revelation of his criminal heart as he is capable of without actually
confessing to the murders. It was such a monumentally self-defeating act, that
one hesitates to ascribe it solely to arrogance and stupidity.

The judge insisted that neither she nor the jury were engaged in karmic payback
for another jury's decision 13 years ago, but nobody believes that. Strictly
speaking, O.J. Simpson didn't get justice in Las Vegas, but there's little doubt
he got what he deserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tony Norman can be reached at tnorman@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1631.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              539 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Kirkus Reviews (Print)

                             July 1, 2014, Tuesday

DEMOCRACY DECLASSIFIED;
The Secret Dilemma in National Security

SECTION: NONFICTION

LENGTH: 353  words


A scholarly treatise on the tension between government secrecy related to
foreign policy issues and citizens' trust in their government.Colaresi
(Political Science/Michigan State Univ.; Scare Tactics: The Politics of
International Rivalry, 2006) has conducted massive research about secrecy versus
disclosure in the United States but also in other nations, including France,
England, Sweden and Greece. The author believes that policymakers (especially
the president of the United States) should be able to practice secrecy, keeping
vital information not only from its own citizenry, but also from other nations,
especially during times of war. However, Colaresi maintains, since secrecy can
hide incompetency and outright corruption, overseers (e.g., Congress in the
U.S.) should be able to examine, in hindsight, the invocation of secrecy.

Although the author offers case studies and anecdotes, a large portion of the
book is theoretical; specialized language from the realm of academic research
requires extraordinary concentration. Colaresi takes as a given that "national
security" is a real concept that deserves secrecy, up to a point, and that
deception is often necessary to fool nations rightly perceived as enemies of the
deceiver. National security should never be invoked, however, to cover up
venality. Freedom of information laws, as well as legislative committee hearings
on completed foreign policy operations, are among the partial solutions offered
by Colaresi, who posits that no perfect solution exists in any nation. The book
is certainly timely, as the author mentions secret drone attacks ordered by the
U.S. president against alleged enemies overseas, leaks of classified information

 from within the National Security Agency, and additional contemporary
controversies.Academic in tone-extensive appendices on research methods will
probably make sense only to specialized scholars at the doctoral level-but an
important examination of tensions that date back centuries.

Publication Date: 2014-09-02

Publisher: Oxford Univ.

Stage: Adult

ISBN: 978-0-19-938977-3

Price: $29.95

Author: Colaresi, Michael P.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 Kirkus Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                           February 12, 1996, Monday

IRA attack threatens Clinton's credibility

SOURCE: AP, The Sunday Times

LENGTH: 483 words


THE President of the United States, Mr Clinton, made his strongest statements
against the Irish Republican Army yesterday, saying "no one and no organisation"
had a right to destroy peace.

A sombre Mr Clinton, who had been one of the driving forces behind brokering a
peace settlement, offered help to leaders of all sectarian factions in Northern
Ireland.

He said he had assured the British Prime Minister, Mr Major, and the Irish Prime
Minister, Mr Bruton, in telephone calls "that America would continue to be
committed to work for a negotiated, secure peace". "The people of Northern
Ireland have chosen peace," he said. "They do not deserve to have a small group
choose bloodshed and violence and wreck the peaceful life they long for.

"No one and no organisation has the right to deny the people of Northern Ireland
a peaceful future, and I am determined to do all that I can to see that the
enemies of peace do not succeed."

The President made the comments at the White House before departing on a
campaign swing through Iowa.

Later, in Iowa City, Mr Clinton called the London bombing "an act of venality
and cowardice", a breaking of the peace against the wishes of citizens on both
sides of the dispute.

Mr Clinton has made a major investment in the Northern Ireland talks and has
taken diplomatic risks to advance the peace process.

Against the wishes of the British Government, he allowed the Sinn Fein leader,
Mr Gerry Adams, to make fund-raising visits to the US and open a Sinn Fein
office in Washington. Since then, Mr Adams has been a frequent White House
visitor.

But British, Irish and American leaders are furious that Mr Adams has not
condemned the bombing. A key question is how much Mr Adams appeared to know when
he telephoned Washington and Dublin shortly before the explosion.

One British source said Mr Adams's position required "urgent clarification,
because if he knew about everything in advance, he is finished". Whitehall holds
divided views about Mr Adams's degree of complicity. Some believe he knew an
hour or so in advance, others that he knew weeks ago, prompting him to postpone
Sinn Fein's annual conference from February to April or later.

"He did not want it to be held in the wake of a London bombing," said a British
source, who added that security services warned ministers on Friday that the IRA
was preparing to attack the mainland and that it was imminent on Saturday but
they did not know the location.

Mr David Trimble, the Ulster Unionist leader, flew from London yesterday to meet
Mr Clinton in Washington today. He called for a complete reassessment of the
situation.

Those most affected, he said, were Mr John Hume's nationalist SDLP party, the
Irish Government and Irish-American supporters of Sinn Fein. "I think the
President himself might like to reassess the quality of advice he's been
receiving," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              541 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 8, 1986, Monday, Final Edition

The Increasing Irrelevance of Writing

BYLINE: JONATHAN YARDLEY

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D2; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1122 words


In the department of nonnews, last week's disclosure that American
schoolchildren do not know how to write surely deserves a place all to itself.
Is anybody out there really shocked by the declaration, made by the National
Assessment of Educational Progress, that "most students, majority and minority
alike, are unable to write adequately except in response to the simplest of
tasks"? That's about as surprising as the concurrent disclosures of cupidity,
venality and mendacity in official Washington -- which is to say, not surprising
in the least.

The report did, to be sure, provoke the usual expressions of dismay. Secretary
of Education William J. Bennett, under whose auspices the study was made, said
that "we can and should do better," and Albert Shanker, president of the
American Federation of Teachers, managed to work himself into a bit of a frenzy.
"Before us we have a very disturbing, indeed a shocking report," he said. "It
goes to the very heart of what our aims in education are about." But that was
just about it; the silence in other quarters was deafening, for the simple
reason that nothing genuinely newsworthy had been reported.

To say this is not to make light of the study's findings, which are both serious
and dispiriting, but to note that they merely tell us what we have known all
along. The skill of writing -- not to mention the art -- has never been held in
especially high repute among Americans, but its standing in the age of
television and technology is especially low, with the entirely predictable
consequence that it is not being taught competently in the schools. Like the
Supreme Court, the schools read the election returns; and the returns tell them
that writing does not rank high among the skills we expect them to teach.

The schools, in the American view, exist not to provide an education, in the
traditional sense of the word, but to equip students with the necessary tools to
embark upon adult careers and to cope reasonably effectively in adult society.
Writing is regarded as such a tool only to the extent that it is necessary for
filling out applications and forms, for recording data and for communicating
information. But writing as something to be mastered -- as a skill valuable in
its own right -- is, and always has been, given short shrift.

"American students can write at a minimal level," last week's report says, "but
cannot express themselves well enough to insure that their writing will
accomplish the intended." True enough: but it is also true of adult Americans as
well, of all classes, races and income groups. We learn enough about writing in
order to accomplish what we think we need of it, and then we lose interest in it
-- an observation confirmed by the report, which noted that while 57 percent of
fourth-graders said they liked to write, only 39 percent of 11th-graders said
the same.

Certainly there have always been Americans who care about writing, and Americans
who write with clarity and elegance, but we have never had a tradition of
writing excellence comparable to England's. To an extent this is a matter of
class: The British gentry and middle class, educated at the public (i.e.,
private) schools, are expected to write well and taught to do so. But skillful
writing -- forceful, lucid, witty, persuasive -- is almost as common in British
culture as it is rare in American; the reason presumably is that the British are
brought up to respect and value writing as a skill to be mastered for its own
sake, and Americans are not.

To see the difference, one need only read the two countries' journalism and
popular fiction. With the rarest of exceptions, the most that can be said of the
prose in American newspapers and bestselling novels is that it is competent; too
often it is riddled with malapropisms, infelicities and howlers. British
journalism, by contrast, is written with suavity and flair even in the yellow
press, and British popular novels invariably startle the American reader with
their smooth, graceful prose.

This is said not in the spirit of raving Anglophilia, a disease with which I
have never been afflicted, but as a simple matter of fact. Whatever the faults
of British society, they are in some measure redeemed by the value it places on
good writing, not merely in the press and in public discourse, but in private
correspondence and business dealings as well. Americans are too busy getting
ahead -- which is, of course, one of our society's greatest strengths -- to care
about whether their writing does anything more than get the job done; and since
just about everybody writes poorly, or indifferently, it doesn't take much to do
that.

There is absolutely no reason to believe, or even to hope, that this will
change. We can spend the next century forming committees and issuing reports,
bemoaning this and deploring that, but none of the hoopla will alter the basic
conditions of American society. The most important of these is that writing is
no longer essential to the exchange of information. We don't write letters
anymore; we talk on the telephone. We do read newspapers and magazines -- though
circulation has failed to keep up with population growth -- but our primary
sources of information and entertainment are technological: television and
radio, video and tape recorders, computers and sound systems.

These are not media in which capable writing is important or even necessary. At
times they may require scripts, but a well-crafted script is one that imitates
the patterns of speech, not one that follows the dictates of formal prose.
Beyond that, these are media that place greatest value on spontaneity and
informality, little if any on discipline and structure. Radio and television,
movies and videos, are instruments of talk and sound; prose stylists need not
apply -- and since these are the media of the foreseeable future, prose stylists
will be ever fewer and farther between.

Those are the facts that no commission or report can circumvent. They are
compounded, furthermore, by the inescapable reality that Americans are not
regular readers and that most of what they do read is not well written. It is
all well and good to deplore this -- and, just for the record, I herewith do so
-- but no amount of lamentation is going to change a thing. Certainly the
schools can and should be encouraged to place greater emphasis on
"communications skills," as the educationists have it, but in writing as in
everything else, we cannot expect the schools to correct ills that are endemic
in the greater society. Americans will want to write well only if they believe
that it will profit them to do so; but the message society sends them is that
minimal competence is all they need.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              542 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 24, 1989, Sunday, City Edition

What about solutions? // Book describes environmental dangers but offers no
answers

BYLINE: H. STEPHEN BROWN

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; books; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 473 words



HIGH TECH HOLOCAUST    By James Bellini    Sierra Club Books, $ 10.95    James
Bellini's new book, High Tech Holocaust, is scary, disturbing,    knowledgeable
and understandable to anyone not cognizant of the terms    and definitions of
the biological sciences.

     In a concise, no-nonsense style, he tells us how we have been
systematically poisoned through the water we drink, the air we breath    and
even the food we eat. He shows us the venality and greed that have    prevented
us from knowing what has been done and how that greed has    even accelerated
the pace of the degradation. From the poisonous    vinyl-chlorides in our
credit-cards to the carcinogenic additives    processed into our foods, Bellini
explains what is happening. And it is    frightening and infuriating.

     But there is just one problem; a problem, that for me, spoils this    book.


     Like so many books like this - exposes on the destruction of the
biosphere by unthinking industry and citizens - High Tech Holocaust    defines
the problems, but nowhere is there a single suggestion of a    possible solution
to the mess. Don't misunderstand; to explain the    problem over and over is a
necessary and laudable act. It is something    that absolutely must be done
again and again so that people will begin    to listen and understand that there
is a problem. But there is a    responsibility inherent in the act of giving
alarm. A person telling    others about a problem has, naturally enough, the
most information    about that problem and, while that knowledge may not be
enough for the    alarm-giver to solve the problem, it ought to be enough for
him to    suggest some possibilities. Or, put another way, Bellini is like
someone at a theater who has discovered a fire and proceeds to sit down    on
the stage and tell everyone about the dangers of smoke and heat    while the
flame roars out of the wings. The result is that everyone    dies while nodding
that, yes, fire is indeed a dangerous thing.

     And there are solutions out there for the problems that Bellini so    well
defines. Most are obscure, but some are obvious, such as forcing    industrial
complexes on rivers and streams to place their water intakes    immediately
downstream from their exhaust; it then becomes a matter of    self-interest to
make sure the water stays clean.

     Without these suggestions, High Tech Holocaust, despite being well
researched and despite defining what is surely the most dire emergency    the
world has faced, conveys a sense of frustration and bitterness and,
ultimately, hopelessness. And that is irresponsible.

 - H. Stephen Brown is a writer living in St. Petersburg.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              543 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 10, 2004 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

MOVIES - Friday;
PREVIEW

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 458 words


Film reviews: The Tailor of Panama (2001); Porky's II: The Next Day (1983); Zero
Effect (1998)

The Tailor of Panama (2001), CHANNEL TEN, 8.30PM

A comedy masquerading as a spy thriller or vice versa? Given the presence of
Pierce Brosnan (as MI6 agent Andy Osnard), it might be tempting to opt for the
latter. But in his treatment of a story by John Le Carre, director John Boorman
shows a welcome return to form by crafting a witty morality play based on the
born-to-rule venality of the post-colonial mindset. Osnard is a devious operator
with few qualms in fomenting an international incident, so long as there's a
handsome pay-off for him. Exiled to Panama, he ingratiates himself with the
elite class and, with the assistance of an imaginative gentleman's tailor, Harry
Pendel, conjures a bogus rebel movement to further his own agenda. The silent
opposition facilitates a trickle of funds from Andy's minders, but when this
scam falters, he concocts an intrigue involving the sale of the Panama Canal to
Chinese interests. Naturally, the Americans go haywire and British intelligence
winds up to a fever pitch unseen since the Suez Crisis of the mid-1950s.
Geoffrey Rush's Pendel has more than a trace of Alec Guinness's Wormold (from
Our Man in Havana) and Brosnan filches some of 007's trademark drollery to good
effect. The result is a largely enjoyable bollocking of Anglo-American
imperialism and the dubious morality that sustains it.

Porky's II: The Next Day (1983), CHANNEL SEVEN, 10.30PM

Set, like its predecessor, in a Florida high school in the 1950s, this is a
salute to teenage crassness, lust and boofheaded indulgence at its most extreme.
Not blessed with the single redeeming feature of the original (a hilarious scene
in the headmaster's office), the sequel is a collection of mind-numbing tripe
that boggles the mind with its craven capitulation to the lowest common
denominator.

Zero Effect (1998), CHANNEL SEVEN, NOON

Daryl Zero is the world's most expensive private eye. He adds a couple of zeros
to the account and he's worth it. But his private life is a shambles and he
feels inclined to hire a frontman to act on his behalf when clients come seeking
his services. Steve Arlo is the unfortunate individual who fills this role and
the knock-on effect of Zero's lifestyle impacts upon Steve's relationship with
his girlfriend, Jess (above, left). Zero has zero relationship worries, given he
has no time to spend on such fripperies as a girlfriend, until investigations in
a blackmail case lead him into a dalliance with paramedic Gloria. Viewers who
recall Billy Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes might experience a
sense of deja vu so far as the basic dramatic undertow of this comedy/romantic
thriller is concerned.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             June 10, 2004 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

MOVIES - Friday;
PREVIEW

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 458 words


Film reviews: The Tailor of Panama (2001); Porky's II: The Next Day (1983); Zero
Effect (1998)

The Tailor of Panama (2001), CHANNEL TEN, 8.30PM

A comedy masquerading as a spy thriller or vice versa? Given the presence of
Pierce Brosnan (as MI6 agent Andy Osnard), it might be tempting to opt for the
latter. But in his treatment of a story by John Le Carre, director John Boorman
shows a welcome return to form by crafting a witty morality play based on the
born-to-rule venality of the post-colonial mindset. Osnard is a devious operator
with few qualms in fomenting an international incident, so long as there's a
handsome pay-off for him. Exiled to Panama, he ingratiates himself with the
elite class and, with the assistance of an imaginative gentleman's tailor, Harry
Pendel, conjures a bogus rebel movement to further his own agenda. The silent
opposition facilitates a trickle of funds from Andy's minders, but when this
scam falters, he concocts an intrigue involving the sale of the Panama Canal to
Chinese interests. Naturally, the Americans go haywire and British intelligence
winds up to a fever pitch unseen since the Suez Crisis of the mid-1950s.
Geoffrey Rush's Pendel has more than a trace of Alec Guinness's Wormold (from
Our Man in Havana) and Brosnan filches some of 007's trademark drollery to good
effect. The result is a largely enjoyable bollocking of Anglo-American
imperialism and the dubious morality that sustains it.

Porky's II: The Next Day (1983), CHANNEL SEVEN, 10.30PM

Set, like its predecessor, in a Florida high school in the 1950s, this is a
salute to teenage crassness, lust and boofheaded indulgence at its most extreme.
Not blessed with the single redeeming feature of the original (a hilarious scene
in the headmaster's office), the sequel is a collection of mind-numbing tripe
that boggles the mind with its craven capitulation to the lowest common
denominator.

Zero Effect (1998), CHANNEL SEVEN, NOON

Daryl Zero is the world's most expensive private eye. He adds a couple of zeros
to the account and he's worth it. But his private life is a shambles and he
feels inclined to hire a frontman to act on his behalf when clients come seeking
his services. Steve Arlo is the unfortunate individual who fills this role and
the knock-on effect of Zero's lifestyle impacts upon Steve's relationship with
his girlfriend, Jess (above, left). Zero has zero relationship worries, given he
has no time to spend on such fripperies as a girlfriend, until investigations in
a blackmail case lead him into a dalliance with paramedic Gloria. Viewers who
recall Billy Wilder's The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes might experience a
sense of deja vu so far as the basic dramatic undertow of this comedy/romantic
thriller is concerned.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 701 words


NEW RELEASES

Wrath of the Titans: A decade after defeating the monstrous Kraken, Perseus, the
demigod son of Zeus, is attempting to live a quieter life as a fisherman and
father to his 10-year-old son, Helius. Meanwhile, a struggle for supremacy rages
between the gods and the Titans. Weakened by humanity's lack of devotion, the
gods are losing control of the imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader,
Kronos. Perseus cannot ignore his calling when Hades, along with Zeus's godly
son, Ares, switch loyalty and make a deal with Kronos to capture Zeus. The
Titans' strength grows stronger as Zeus's godly powers are siphoned, and hell is
unleashed on earth. Not reviewed.

Margaret: A kind of Upper West Side opera, in which the arias are tirades, the
duets shouting matches. The prickly heroine of the piece, a smart, angry teen
convincingly played by a pre-True Blood Anna Paquin, embarks on a mission whose
ostensible goal is justice on behalf of an accident victim, but which serves
more directly to forestall her own pain and guilt over the role she played in
the horrific event. HHH

Tyler Perry's Good Deeds: Where's Madea when you need her? As annoying as Tyler
Perry's outrageous drag character is, she would have given some much needed life
to this soapy effort about a prosperous businessman having a midlife crisis.
Here, Perry works in the heavily melodramatic mode that marks his weakest
efforts. HH

ON CIRCUIT

21 Jump Street: Two bungling cops are sent deep undercover to expose a high
school drugs ring in Phil Lord and Chris Miller's deliciously foul-mouthed buddy
movie that rides roughshod over political correctness. Based on the popular
1980s TV crime series, 21 Jump Street is a testosterone-fuelled hoot. HHHH

Carnage: Director Roman Polanski has often been at his best in close quarters,
so it should be no surprise that he's right at home examining the venality of
the human condition in the living room of the Brooklyn apartment that serves as
the setting for Carnage, in the aftermath of the injuring of one boy by another
in playground fight. HHHH

Dr Seuss' The Lorax 3D: Like An Inconvenient Truth for the 12-and-under crowd,
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax is a cautionary environmental tale with a thin veneer of
entertainment. HH

Our Idiot Brother: This film turns out to be mistitled. It should be called "The
Brother We Treat Like an Idiot", and that goes as much for the filmmakers as the
dysfunctional family at the core of this easygoing misfire. Paul Rudd plays Ned
Rochlin, a perpetually blissed-out biodynamic farmer who sells pot to a police
officer. When he gets out of jail, he embarks on a serial-crash with his three
sisters, upending their lives with his anarchic honesty and unbridled naivete.
HH

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel: This film follows a group of British retirees
who decide to "outsource" their retirement to less expensive and seemingly
exotic India. Enticed by adverts for the newly restored Marigold Hotel and with
visions of a life of leisure, they arrive to find the palace a shell of its
former self. Though the new environment is less luxurious than imagined, they
are transformed by their experiences. Not reviewed.

The Artist: A delectable homage to the silent movies of the 1920s, Michel
Hazanavicius's romantic comedy plays like a sweet, airy confection, satisfying
the audience's sweet tooth with gentle wit, a lavish production and winning
performances. HHHH

Melancholia: A masterwork of grandeur, millennial angst and high romantic style,
Melancholia takes themes that have marked the best films of 2011 and spins them
into a blast of cosmic sparkle dust. HHHH

Contraband: An Ocean's Eleven movie, minus the glamour. Taut and suspenseful for
the most part, the thriller substitutes a wily, working-class Mark Wahlberg (as
smuggler Chris Farraday) for George Clooney's urbane con artist, Danny
Ocean,|and replaces the globe-trotting|milieu of casinos and museums with a
claustrophobic freight ship. HHH

Journey 2: The Mysterious Island: This sequel to the long-forgotten Journey to
the Centre of the Earth tries to pay homage to the likes of Jules Verne and
Robert Louis Stevenson, but is too contaminated by today's tame sensibilities to
make it all fly. HH

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              June 21, 2002 Friday

The tush affair

BYLINE: by Yvette Kantrow

SECTION: MEDIA MANEUVERS

LENGTH: 1480 words

HIGHLIGHT: The press turns gleeful judge and jury in the ImClone scandal,
CBSMarketWatch's very own book tour, the FT helps France Telecom nail the
Mobilcom deal.


Ken Lay, Dennis Kozlowski, meet Peter Bacanovic.

The 40-year-old Merrill Lynch & Co. broker, who by all accounts is impossibly
handsome, impeccably dressed and incredibly well-connected, is the newest member
of the corrupt-by-decree corporate-executive club, destined seemingly to become
a symbol of all that is lousy with American business. Whether he's actually
guilty or not is another question. Bacanovic, along with star client Martha
Stewart, has been accused, tried and convicted of insider trading by the press,
which is determinedly pumping up ImClone Systems into a scandal of Enronian
proportions.

"Pete is said in press accounts over the weekend to be cooperating with federal
investigators as they plumb the bottomless depths of the whole ImClone mess,"
wrote Christopher Bryon in his weekly column in The New York Post. "In other
words, folks, Pete's probably up to his cute little tush in this affair. The
question is how."

Never mind that shenanigans at Enron left thousands of employees without
pensions, destroyed billions in share value and all but obliterated Andersen.
These days, it's Stewart, Bacanovic and his cute little tush the press seems
intent on locking up, for transacting some possibly illegal trades that netted a
couple of hundred thou, at best. Not to minimize the seriousness of insider
trading -  if Stewart, Bacanovic and, not to mention, Sam Waksal, are guilty,
let them be punished -  but when compared to the damage wreaked by Enron,
ImClone's depths don't seem bottomless.

But for a generation raised on Oliver Stone, ImClone may well produce our era's
very own Gordon Gekko, a photogenic villain who moves freely between high
society and high finance. For all the tales of corporate venality that have
dominated headlines, none had given us an antagonist with genuine sex appeal -
someone worthy of late night TV and the tabs, who plied his trade not from
Houston or Coudersport, Pa., but from Gekko's Gotham. Then came ImClone.

Led by a social-climbing CEO who liked to party with Mick Jagger and dated
Stewart's daughter, ImClone doesn't require balance sheet skills to love. From
the moment Waksal was led away in handcuffs from his SoHo loft, we knew coverage
of this mess would be different. Even The Wall Street Journal couldn't resist
noting that a pajama-clad Waksal had pleaded with his captors not to cuff him in
front of his daughter. Quick! Somebody buy the movie rights.

While Waksal is an interesting character in his own right -  he was dissected in
the June Vanity Fair -  it's the possible involvement of Stewart that has gotten
it on the front page of The Post for three of the past seven days. The media has
always had a love-hate relationship with the doyenne of domesticity, but the
fact is you can only contemplate how Stewart would furnish a jail cell so many
times before getting a little, well, bored. This scandal needed fresh blood,
preferably someone no one has heard of before. And central casting could not
have sent a better candidate than Bacanovic.

The Post, The New York Daily News, Newsday and The New York Times all whipped up
profiles of Bacanovic this past week, pointing out that he lives on the Upper
East Side in a townhouse whose facade served as the home of Holly Golightly in
Breakfast at Tiffany's. But Bacanovic seems to have more in common with that
film's narrator than with Holly, as he reportedly spends a good deal of time
escorting rich, older women about town, prompting more than one outlet to label
him a "walker." Though none of the papers spoke to the broker himself, they
authoritatively dished out the same details of his charmed bachelor life, from
his dinners with Nan Kempner to his galas for the American Ballet Theater. Much
of this info is attributed to a single source: David Patrick Columbia, a gossip
columnist whose Web site, NewYorkSocialDiary.com, tracks the comings and goings
of the city's gilded class.

Log on to Columbia's site, and you'll find some of the most insightful musings
on the press' treatment of the Stewart-Bacanovic mess, outside, of course, of
Media Maneuvers. (He also provides a helpful explanation of the derivation of
the term walker, which he says was created 30 years ago by Women's Wear Daily as
a pejorative reference to man-about-town and Nancy Reagan pal Jerry Zipkin. On
Friday, Columbia wrote about the dozen or so calls he's been fielding from
journalists hot for the Bacanovic story. He was clearly irked by their
headline-hungry line of questioning.

"Some asked, 'Who does he hang with?' and 'Who are his clients?' I found myself
defending someone's right to be who they are. Some voiced skepticism at
Bacanovic's social 'motives,' calling him a social climber, a term that has no
relevant meaning in these times." Fed up with the implication that Bacanovic's
high-powered partying somehow made him suspect, Columbia wrote: "It is no small
irony that Bacanovic, equipped with an abundance of good fortune, good looks,
good connections, good income - things that a lot of people would 'kill' for -
is being killed in the press for those very characteristics."

The chief executioner so far has been Byron, fresh from his unauthorized
biography of Stewart, "Martha Inc."

"You think Heidi Fleiss' little black book was something?" he asked Monday.
"Well wait till we see who's in Pete's!" Byron is pretty much convinced that
Bacanovic used info he gleaned from another client, Waksal's daughter, to get
Stewart to sell her shares, and may have alerted other rich people to do the
same! "Tons of them are probably out there in the Hamptons for the summer
already - the East End social set to which Martha belongs, Sam aspires and from
which Pete makes his living." You know you're infamous when the tabs refer to
you only by your first name.

Columbia, accustomed to the dog-eat-dog gossip wars, offers an explanation for
the guilt by association. "Mr. Bacanovic, certainly no centimillionaire, has
already been found guilty by association and innuendo, in the press, without
having been questioned, or tried. At least not publicly," he wrote. "Why is
that? I would guess sex. Stewart and Bacanovic is a sexier story than a
fly-by-night not-so-sexy-looking businessman from South Africa. Sex sells.
Everybody knows that."

Strange times when a gossip columnist makes more sense than just about anyone
else.

It's the latest twist in journalistic synergy: Write a book and plug it in your
column. Trader-turned-commentator-turned-author James Cramer talked up his
memoirs in New York; Christopher Bryon pushed his Stewart tell-all on MSNBC.com;
David Faber urged viewers of CNBC to buy his book for Father's Day. But these
efforts pale in comparison to the press Thom Calandra is giving his new book
over at CBS MarketWatch.com, where he is editor-in-chief.

"If you're broke, borrow this book," orders the headline of Calandra's column
Monday. The "book" is 120-page whisper of a tome dubbed "How America Made a
Fortune and Lost its Shirt," written by MarketWatch reporter Steve Gelsi and
edited by Calandra. It purports not to unveil the secrets of Wall Street -
that's Faber's turf -  but to bring us the stories of grocers, teachers and
other folks who, through "more common sense, and wisdom, than 95% of the Wall
Street professionals," made money in the market.

"If this sounds like an advertisement, I apologize," Calandra writes. But
apparently, he just can't help himself. "Buy, beg or borrow a copy" of his book,
he concludes. "It's the first book I've seen that's meant for real folks
investing in nasty markets." It's the first one that's got his name on it, too.

Vivendi Universal SA's long-awaited decision late Monday to cut its stake in
Vivendi Environnement SA from 63% to 40% when conditions are right generated
acres of coverage after months of will-they-won't-they speculation. But the
issue divided the lowly scribes at the Wall Street Journal Europe from the lofty
journalists-cum-market commentators at the paper's editorial partner, Breaking
Views.com

Leafing through the WSJE Wednesday, readers learned that the "Vivendi plan to
sell utility stake wins investors' plaudits." Pointing to share price gains
Monday and Tuesday, Journal reporters held that investors welcomed the plan as a
means for Vivendi to slash its massive 33.3 billion ($31.9 billion) debt pile.

At the back of the paper, though, it was a different story. The journalists at
BreakingViews, who pride themselves on their trenchant analyses of company news
and their ability penetrate corporate smokescreens, scoffed and sniped. Under a
headline proclaiming the deal "no panacea" for Vivendi, they maintained it
solves neither the company's debt nor strategy problems, and to boot, failed to
"blow investors away."

A journalistic Chinese Wall? Or editorial schizophrenia? -  Laura Board

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                              547 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 9, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SCIENCE AND PROFIT NEED NOT BE AT ODDS

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 361 words


To the Editor:

Your Nov. 16 editorial ''Pure Science and Pure Profit'' expresses nobility of
sentiment as to purpose but is wide of the mark in its understanding of the
relationships between industry and academia - not to mention basic human nature.

You concede that chemistry and engineering (I would add clinical medicine) have
''long had fruitful and uneventful ties with industry'' yet question by
inference the ability of molecular biology to do so.

The suggestion that intellectual detachment of scientists and universities will
be compromised by association with industry to the detriment of the public is
egregiously unfair to both. Many lifesaving advances in drug development - e.g.,
antibiotics, steroids, cardiovascular drugs - have been born of the support
provided investigators and their ideas by the pharmaceutical industry. To my
knowledge, an appropriate ''measure of separation'' has usually been maintained.
To imply otherwise is to accuse unfairly thousands in the academic medical
community of being tainted with venality.

You go on to speak of undertaking a ''voyage of discovery'' by those whose
motives are unalloyed and whose only interest is or should be the pursuit of
''truth.''

What of the researcher with fleeting thoughts of Nobelism? What of the
instructor in medicine who seeks advancement to assistant professorship by dint
of research and publication? Would you call their motives ''totally unalloyed
pursuit of truth''? It is in fact a socially useful alloy of truth-seeking,
contribution to mankind and one's own advancement. None of these goals are
incompatible with one another. New worlds have been discovered by those
motivated solely by the prospect of such advancement.

It is the vital support of the private industrial sector that so often stokes
the fire of intellectual achievement, with resultant vast and continuing
benefits to the public. As the record amply demonstrates, it does so without
consuming the detachment necessary for successful scientific effort.
GEORGE S. GOLDSTEIN, M.D., Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., Nov. 18, 1981. The writer is
vice president and medical director of Winthrop Laboratories.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              548 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 31, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Taxes

SECTION: Section 3; Page 19, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 363 words


To the Business Editor: In ''Letters - Tax Shelters'' (May 10) a New York
attorney named Gerald J. Robinson writes yet another attack against ''abusive
tax shelters.'' After praising the Internal Revenue Service for its valiant
efforts to ''finger'' these deals, he rhetorically asks why abusive tax shelters
continue to thrive, and concludes that the chief cause lies in the fact that
investors have little to lose, i.e., that they have a good chance of getting
away with exorbitant deductions, and receive only slight penalties if caught.

This narrow legal argument - and indeed, the whole carefully orchestrated
campaign now being conducted in the nation's business press against tax shelters
- totally misses the point. The proliferation of shelter deals does not indicate
a rise in individual greed that must be checked. It represents a straightforward
attempt to counteract the venality of the special interests and bureaucrats who
have been using the tax system to rob the public blind for decades.

Just as clandestine free enterprise blossoms in the rotting centrally planned
economies of the Communist bloc, schemes to keepwhat-you make grow here as a
form of middle class self-defense.  Mr. Robinson suggests this trend can be
countered by stronger penalties against tax avoidance. He's wrong. You can't -
and in a free society, you shouldn't - take the steps that would be necessary to
end these practices.

The real solution to the problem of lost government revenues lies in bringing
levels of taxation in line with the benefits people perceive they derive from
government. Since these benefits have been shown not to increase with higher
taxes, taxes must be cut substantially. Anyone who thinks that tougher laws and
regulations will allow Federal agents to outwit, intimidate and subdue a
resentful American tax-paying population is living in GooGooland.  MICHAEL
SILVERSTEIN Jamaica Plain, Mass., May 10, 1981

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              549 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 3, 1978, Sunday, Final Edition

Hang By The Chimney With Care

SECTION:  Bookworld; E16

LENGTH: 81 words


THE EMPTY COPPER SEA, by John D. MacDonald (Lippincott, $8.95).  This is the
17th Travis McGee adventure in the hugely and deservedly popular series with its
color-coded titles.  McGee once more triumphs over slimy, greedy crooks,
comforting misused women along the way, and all the MacDonald hallmarks are here
-- the rootless, plastic Florida scene (no one does it better); the modern
knight-errant fighting corruption and corporate venality; taut action with a
smashing finale.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              550 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 21, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Profit and Preservation

BYLINE: By GINIA BELLAFANTE

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; BIG CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 995 words


On many days when the weather is accommodating, William Scarbrough stands
outside the dry cleaner where he works, on the corner of Stuyvesant Avenue and
Halsey Street in Brooklyn, observing the pedestrian traffic that distinguishes
Bedford-Stuyvesant as perhaps the city's most frenetic real-estate frontier. A
tall and slender man of 60, he has lived several blocks from the cleaners for
close to a year now, during which he has watched investors and developers
canvass the streets looking for properties from which they might extract
significant profits.

''They're up and down here every day,'' he told me, as he recounted getting
approached by someone who offered him money to unearth information about the
owners of a neighboring townhouse. ''I thought about it for 10 minutes and then
deleted the guy's number from my phone,'' Mr. Scarbrough said, remarking that he
had no interest in facilitating the current venalities.

It is standard in Bedford-Stuyvesant to see posters calling on locals to join
the dubious mission of turnover. ''If you find someone who want to sell you will
get up to $20.000.00 for finder fee,'' reads one, somewhat inexplicably. In
response to all of this, fliers in the neighborhood recently warned older black
homeowners, many living in brownstones passed down through generations, to
protect themselves from getting bilked by predatory, and by implication, racist
real-estate interests. (''Free leg or thigh if you sell your grandma's deed!''
one of them proclaimed. This particular enticement to fury ran under the
headline ''Landgrabbers Realty Corp.,'' and featured a drawing of a drumstick.)

The just-under-three square miles that make up Bedford-Stuyvesant have long
represented one of the highest concentrations of black homeownership in the
country, which gives the gentrification narrative there a distinct cast, one
that in many cases is complicated less by the issue of displacement than the
matter of threatening the right to maximize assets. ''This is not simply a story
about a nice, young white couple buying a house in Bed-Stuy,'' Brenda Fryson,
who has lived in a townhouse in the coveted Stuyvesant Heights section since the
'70s, told me. We were sitting in her sunroom overlooking her backyard recently.
''That's not the real issue. Bed-Stuy has always been a welcoming community. But
it's not welcome to wholesale investors and scams.''

I met Ms. Fryson through her friend and neighbor Barbara Sidbury, who has spent
the entirety of her 81 years in Bedford-Stuyvesant, having bought her first
house in the 1970s for $5,500. Ms. Sidbury worked wrapping meat for 48 years,
many of them spent at a Grand Union on Church Avenue in Flatbush. Over time she
bought and sold several brownstones and became a millionaire. Recently she
bought a four-bedroom vacation home in Arizona with a pool, in a community that
she noted is less than 1 percent black.

About two years ago, she said, while standing outside of her home on Decatur
Street, a man got out of a car and asked her if she wanted to sell it. '' 'I'll
give you $300,000 in cash,' he said.'' She answered mockingly, ''Oh, that's too
bad because I just sold it for $100,000 in cash this morning.'' She would go on
to sell the house for $1.7 million through Ban Leow, a well-known broker in the
neighborhood who moved to New York from Malaysia 22 years ago to work in his
family's restaurant business. The sale cemented Mr. Leow's reputation as an
unlikely hero among some older black residents.

''When I sold my house for 1.7, I ran and told everyone because I didn't want
people getting ripped off anymore,'' Ms. Sidbury said. ''Nobody shared
information. Your neighbor would sell a house and nobody would know. 'Don't let
anybody know your business.' That's what some people think. Everything is a
secret. We're still in a slave mentality.''

Ms. Sidbury has worked to balance her real estate interests with an eye toward
profit and preservation. A few years ago, she told me, she chose to sell another
house she owned to a young black psychiatrist who offered her $830,000 instead
of selling it to a white buyer who had offered her over $1 million. While the
notion of privileging one race over another might seem problematic, the women
see themselves as agents of a continuing history that seems more and more under
assault. When Ms. Fryson and her husband bought their house four decades ago,
she said, the seller told her a white buyer had come to the house with a bag
full of cash. ''She said, 'But I wanted you children to have this house.' ''

It is hard to overstate the acquisition frenzy that hangs over
Bedford-Stuyvesant, and to reconcile it with some of the realities that persist
in the neighborhood, where the felony assault rate is more than three times what
it is in Park Slope. When I met Mr. Leow and his team last week -- a team that
includes a young broker named Mipam Thurman, the brother of the actress Uma
Thurman, who told me he had to move to Flatbush because he couldn't afford to
buy anything in Bedford-Stuyvesant -- they showed me a house on Lafayette Avenue
that had just gone into contract for slightly under the asking price of
$1,550,000. In October it had sold for $880,000, according to Property Shark,
and still needed the kind of renovation that would send a person straight to a
limitless prescription for Ativan.

''The gentrification conversation sucks up all the energy when this community
has real problems,'' Ms. Fryson told me. She talked about poverty and the gun
violence she thought was escalating. I had met Mr. Scarbrough, in fact,
following the visit to the Lafayette Avenue house, an hour after he had been
held up at gunpoint at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when three teenagers came in
to rob the dry cleaner. This was the third armed robbery in the area in the past
several weeks, the police standing outside said. In this instance, the robbers
walked away with $100.

Email: bigcity@nytimes.com




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/21/nyregion/in-bed-stuy-housing-market-profit-and
-preservation-battle.html

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Barbara Sidbury has always lived in Bedford-Stuyvesant,
Brooklyn, and owns her building. (PHOTOGRAPH BY KIRSTEN LUCE FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (MB5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              551 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           January 19, 2008 Saturday
                              F - Weekend Edition

Life of sleaze? Puhleeze!

BYLINE: Kit Galer

SECTION: REALESTATE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 397  words


HAROLD ROBBINS: THE MAN WHO INVENTED SEX

by Andrew Wilson

Allen & Unwin, rrp $49.95

ISBN 9780747592655

ONE couldn't get a fix on him, says actor George Hamilton, who struggled to
decide if Harold Robbins was the real deal or a conman.

``If you didn't know he was a writer, you would think you'd better hold on to
your watch,'' he suggests in Andrew Wilson's entertaining biography of the
larger-than-life bestselling novelist.

He sold more than 750 million books worldwide exposing the seamy and steamy side
of Hollywood and American big business, yet died more than $1 million in debt in
1997 with ghostwriters trading on his name.

The provocative title only tells half the story because, though Robbins was
obsessed with sex and infused everything he wrote with great globs of carnality
as garnish for the venality and violence, his greatest invention was himself.

He claimed to have been abandoned as a Jewish foundling on the steps of a
Catholic orphanage in New York's Hell's Kitchen and told British TV journalist
Alan Whicker in 1971 that of the 16 orphan boys in his dormitory, only four or
five were still alive. Three had been executed in the electric chair.

He ran errands for Lucky Luciano and the Mob, he said, worked as a rent boy and,
after wartime navy duty that seemingly involved every imaginable homosexual
activity, had been the only survivor when his submarine was sunk.

Absolute rubbish, apparently. Robbins was respectably raised by his father and
stepmother in Brooklyn, married his girlfriend from school and was employed as a
bookkeeper at Universal Pictures before he realised how much more money there
was to be made writing sleaze about the rich and famous.

Never Love a Stranger launched his career amid a torrent of moral outrage in the
US at the explosive sexual content and expletive-littered dialogue. But it sold
and Robbins, his work ethic matched by rare talent for self-promotion, was on
his way to a multi-million-dollar career.

He was a little man with big appetites. His early work output was phenomenal
(more than 20 novels), his sexual exploits prodigious (four more wives, several
mistresses, countless orgies). He took vast quantities of illegal drugs, had
houses, yachts everywhere. Made a fortune, spent the lot. None of which, you
suspect, will ever happen to his biographer. Andrew Wilson, on the other hand,
is a very good writer.

Offer, Page 26

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              March 9, 2012 Friday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

No point denying state's dark past

BYLINE: Terry Sweetman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 918  words


MANY years ago I worked with a transplanted Englishman, a World War II veteran,
who was adamant that the Royal Air Force was literally down to its last Spitfire
when the Nazis called off the Battle of Britain.

They were desperate days but the last-Spitfire theory was nonsense, although it
expressed something about the prevailing national spirit and made this otherwise
intelligent man prey to propaganda.

So, in charity, perhaps we can blame a similar inability to focus on close-up
objects for Bob Katter's extraordinary defence of his old boss, Joh
Bjelke-Petersen, and his former Cabinet colleagues.

Katter, in Kingaroy last week, denounced Liberal National Party leader Campbell
Newman for a ``dirty, low, filthy act'' in suggesting Bjelke-Petersen's
government was corrupt. This ``lightweight Johnny-come-lately'' was spitting on
Joh's grave, he said, which probably goes over well in Kingaroy.

However, it defies belief that after all these years and all the revelations
before, during and after the Fitzgerald inquiry, anyone can say
Bjelke-Petersen's government was not corrupt.

It has been variously and thoroughly reported that he was a grifter who was as
quick to pick up a loose buck as to extract $400,000 as the price of doing
business in his bailiwick.

And that he gathered around him and enriched crooks and cronies, dispensed
favours and honours at a price, and punished those who stood up to him.

The petty venality of some of his ministers was legend. Former spin doctors
could lay the aficionados in the aisles with tales of their bosses' blatant
greed.

Some of his ministers and functionaries went to jail, one took refuge in the
grave and Bjelke-Petersen escaped punishment only by narrowly avoiding being
found guilty of perjury through a perversion of the jury system.

Still some, including Katter, would deny this happened. Others concede
corruption was rife but believe it was a worthwhile price for what they
contradictorily think was good government.

However, Bjelke-Petersen and his cronies learnt their trade while peering
enviously through the political fence at a Labor government that thrived for
almost 40 years on the manure of what author Evan Whitton called
``authoritarianism; intolerance of dissent; union-bashing; politicisation of the
police, public servants and the law; rigged electoral system; public and private
corruption; agrarian socialism; abuse of the Westminster system;
institutionalised ignorance and `development' ''.

When Whitton wrote ``It has been said that Sydney is the most corrupt city in
the western world, except of course for Newark, New Jersey, and Brisbane'', he
could just as easily have been talking of the 1950s as the 1980s.

But, if Labor set the curriculum, some members of the succeeding National Party
were honours students and Bjelke-Petersen was the dux.

The past is the past. We can't change it but we shouldn't deny it.

Things did change with the Fitzgerald inquiry but not just because of it.

It is only fair to accept that the next generation of National Party leaders,
especially Mike Ahern, the often-unsung hero of reform, might possibly have
cleaned their own house.

We will never know.

However, we do know the government of Wayne Goss entrenched that spirit of
reform and it seems to have survived pretty well, despite a little backsliding
during the contortions of the deal with the police union during the government
of Rob Borbidge.

Since then, some of the changes in the make-up, the role and the philosophy of
the Crime and Misconduct Commission have been regressive; the police union still
has trouble with remembering it is an industrial organisation; some political
careers have been shattered by unwise associations; one minister has gone to
jail and some MPs, Premier Anna Bligh included, have had troubles with the
spirit of declarations of interest.

There is an ongoing inability to differentiate between public and political
spending (on both sides of the House) and there have been many appointments that
have a whiff of patronage about them.

People still pay for audiences with premiers and de facto opposition leaders and
money seems to talk extraordinarily loudly.

Yet, incomplete as it might be, we have some of the country's best legislation
regulating lobbyists and we have an integrity commissioner who does a brisk
trade advising MPs and others.

Gordon Nuttall was a crooked minister who solicited bribes from mining interests
but he was uncovered and sent to jail, something that possibly would not have
happened at any time between 1915 and 1987.

If his performance and fate were indicative of something more sinister and
widespread, we might equally question the honesty of the mining industry.

During this election, questions of financial probity have not gained the
traction you might have expected, but at least they have been raised.

Except for a few meat-headed denialists, Queensland has largely swallowed the
bitter truth and changed for the better.

In his recent book, The Australian Moment, George Megalogenis concludes nothing
the Labor premiers of Victoria, South Australia and Western Australia got up to
in the 1980s matched the corruption of Bjelke-Petersen's government in
Queensland.

If Katter, who served in that government from 1974 to 1990, still doesn't know
what was going on, he must have had his hat pulled down over his eyes and ears.

Or, as Whitton said of Bjelke-Petersen's appearance at the Fitzgerald inquiry,
he is relying on the Parrington defence of bottomless stupidity.

sweetwords@ozemail.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      August 26, 2001 Sunday Final Edition

Tina Brown's annus horribilis: If you gossip about others, they will gossip
about you: Biography

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Charles Mandel

SECTION: Sunday Reader - Books; Pg. E12

LENGTH: 910 words

Tina and Harry Come to America: Tina Brown, Harry Evans, and the Uses of Power

by Judy Bachrach

The Free Press

370 pp., $41.95

- - -

In 2001, magazine editor Tina Brown reflected on what had been for her an annus
horribilis: "It's all Schadenfreude," she said. "The pleasure people take in
someone else's misery."

The former Vanity Fair and New Yorker editor was discussing her lacklustre,
money-losing magazine, Talk, the death of her father and the defection of
writers from her circle of influence. But in the back of her mind, she may well
have been worrying about Judy Bachrach's book.

Tina and Harry Come to America is all about taking pleasure in the misery Brown
and her husband, Harry Evans, inflicted on others and had inflicted upon them.

Bachrach, a contributing editor with Vanity Fair, has released one of the year's
most-awaited tell-all books, a dirt-dishing, muck-raking volume that peels back
the sophisticated veneer of such publications as Vanity Fair and The New Yorker
and eagerly eyes the coarse venality and cruel politics beneath.

It's the gossip we crave. It's all here: everything readers would have hoped for
-- the love affairs, the social climbing, the pitched battles with employers and
employees, the successes and the failures.

Bachrach details how Brown, beginning in her years at Oxford in the early 1970s,
slept her way to a career, eagerly bedding novelists Auberon Waugh and Martin
Amis. The latter dumped her in six months, but the former touted her around
various publications, helping her gain entrance into journalism.

"I know a very smart undergraduate," Waugh told Anthony Howard, editor of The
New Statesman. Just in case we don't get it, Bachrach adds: "Howard was aware of
why this 'very smart undergraduate' had been singled out by Waugh for his
attention."

Tina and Harry holds back nothing; subtlety is not the point. Bachrach gleefully
details how Brown went to work for London's Sunday Times, where Evans was
editor. Within a short time, Brown and Evans (who was married with three
children), were having an affair that ultimately led to their marriage.

As bad as it all sounds, Brown obviously had talent, as well. She wrote a couple
of well-received plays and turned out strong pieces of celebrity journalism
notable for their bite. Ultimately, she became editor of The Tatler, a moribund
British magazine, the first of which she would revive.

But Brown's biggest bit of luck came when Conde Nast, parent of such magazines
as Vanity Fair and The New Yorker, purchased The Tatler. Brown was subsequently
earmarked to edit Vanity Fair, a magazine then suffering under declining
circulation and advertising. Again, Brown turned it around, tossing out much of
the political and cultural journalism that had been the publication's hallmark,
replacing it with long features on movie stars, fashion figures and pop
musicians. She filled the pages with long, gossipy articles on the rich and
powerful.

The magazine's circulation took off, writers commanded amazing salaries (up to
$100,000) and Brown's reputation was cemented.

On the other hand, Evans's fortunes plummeted. Rupert Murdoch purchased The
Times and pushed him out. After floundering for a bit, Evans turned up at Random
House as its publisher.

Even here, Evans did not flourish. He paid far too much money for bad books, in
one instance shelling out between $5 million and $6 million for Marlon Brando's
1994 memoirs, Brando: Songs My Mother Taught Me.

However, it was here that Brown and Evans became America's media power couple,
creating "synergy" between Vanity Fair and Random House.

Magazine articles would quickly turn into books, in the process creating very
wealthy journalists. Brown and Evans commanded some of the best writers in the
U.S.

In 1992, Brown took over The New Yorker, the magazine that perhaps represents
the pinnacle of U.S. journalism.

With Brown came shorter articles, yet more celebrity journalism and the
conflicts that had marked her presence at the other magazines. The episode that
most galled New Yorker writers was naming the comedienne Rosanne Barr as a
contributing editor.

Jamaica Kincaid called Brown "Stalin in high heels with blonde hair from
England," and snapped as she resigned that, "They kept my health benefits but
they lost their minds."

Throughout her time at Vanity Fair and The New Yorker, Brown was accused of
dumbing-down the content, throwing lavish parties with the publishers' money,
and often ended up with articles entangled in conflicts of interest.
Nonetheless, she also enlivened the content of both magazines and showed she had
the talent to turnaround both publications.

Evans didn't fare as well. Eventually turfed as the publisher of Random House,
he's now a consulting editor for the American edition of the born-in-Britain
news digest, The Week.

Bachrach's book doesn't pull punches, but at the end of the day, it offers a
fair assessment.

Brown created the kind of atmosphere that would allow a journalist like Bachrach
-- who specializes in hard-hitting celebrity profiles for Vanity Fair -- to
thrive. If the spectacle is lurid, the gossip low, and the joy in the
tearing-down of Brown and Evans unseemly, then Brown has no one but herself to
blame.

After all, she may not have created the form, but she certainly reinvigorated
it.

Charles Mandel is The Calgary Herald's chief literary correspondent

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Supplied; (BOOK COVER: Tina and Harry Come to America: Tina
Brown, Harry Evans, and the Uses of Power by Judy Bachrach) Photo: AP, File;
Former London Sunday Times editor Harold Evans and wife, Talk magazine editor
Tina Brown, arrive for the opening night of The Producers in New York earlier
this year: no punches pulled.

TYPE: Review

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 28, 2007 Sunday

Faux House members dilute

BYLINE: George F. Will

LENGTH: 788 words


"The House of Representatives shall be composed of members chosen every second
year by the people of the several states ..." -- Constitution of the United
States, Article I, Section 2.

"What's the Constitution between friends?" -- Rep. Timothy Campbell, a Tammany
Democrat, to Democratic President Grover Cleveland after Cleveland said that a
bill Campbell favored was unconstitutional.

WASHINGTON -- There they go again. House Democrats should at least provide
variety in their venality. Last Wednesday, fresh from legislating new ethics
regarding relations with lobbyists, they demonstrated that there are worse forms
of corruption than those involving martinis and money.

They again voted to give the delegates to the House from Guam, American Samoa,
the Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, and the resident commissioner
from Puerto Rico, the right to vote in the House when it is sitting as the
"Committee of the Whole," which is how it sits almost all the time. It is in
that status that almost all debate about and amending of legislation occur.

If these five votes decide the outcome of a vote in the Committee of the Whole,
the matter at issue will be automatically revoted by the full House without
those five participating. Still, these five faux members will have powers equal
to those of real members on everything but final passage of bills, which often
is more perfunctory than the process that leads to that. Almost always, all five
delegates are Democrats. (Puerto Rico's current resident commissioner is the
first Republican in 100 years.)

What part of the words "several states" do House Democrats not understand? Their
cynical assumption is that "the people of the several states" will not notice
this dilution of their representation in the House.

Members of Congress today represent, on average, 687,000 people. The population
of Guam is 171,000; of American Samoa, 58,000; and of the Virgin Islands,
109,000. The 3.9 million Puerto Ricans are U.S. citizens and have the right to
vote for statehood, which they have rejected in three plebiscites (1967, 1993,
1998).

The 58,000 Samoans pay no federal income taxes, but their delegate will be able
to participate in raising the taxes of, say, Montanans. Samoa's delegate will
have virtually the same power as Rep. Denny Rehberg, who represents all 944,000
Montanans. Obviously the Democrats' reverence for the principle "one person, one
vote" is, well, situational.

January 1993 was the last time Democrats engaged in this cynical political
alchemy, transmuting delegates from four island jurisdictions, and one from the
seat of the federal government, into the functional equivalents of
representatives selected by people of "the several states." In January 1993, two
months after they lost 10 House seats, they counterfeited half that many votes
-- even though they had an 82-seat majority. One year later, such arrogance
contributed to the Democrats' loss of their House majority.

In 1970, Democrats were contemplating allowing Puerto Rico's resident
commissioner to serve with powers equal to those of real members, but only on
standing committees. Rep. Tom Foley, a Washington Democrat then in his third
term, told his colleagues that would be fine because those committees are
created by the House, not the Constitution, and "can be extinguished at will and
created at will." Furthermore, service on committees involves only "preliminary
advisory votes." But, he added, "it is very clear" that "a constitutional
amendment would be required" to give a resident commissioner "a vote in the
Committee of the Whole of the full House." By 1992, when Foley, then in his 14th
term, was speaker, and full of the sense of entitlement that deranged Democrats
in the last years of their 40-year hold on the House, he supported what the next
Democratic speaker, Nancy Pelosi, has now done. In 1994, Foley became the first
speaker since 1862 to be defeated, and the new Republican majority undid what
the Democrats had done.

For Pelosi, two questions about the possible scope of your majoritarian abuse:
Given your disregard of the unambiguous language and clear intent of Article I,
Section 2 -- which uses the word "state" eight times to designate the only
entity from which a member of the House may be chosen -- do you acknowledge any
impediment to using your majority to give Committee of the Whole voting power to
a delegate from, say, the AFL-CIO?

Or, for that matter: Do you think that Article I, Section 5 ("Each house shall
be the judge of the ... qualifications of its own members") allows your majority
to give such voting powers to your hairdresser? If not, why not? George Will's
e-mail address is georgewill@washpost.com. Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              555 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                             March 12, 2006 Sunday
                                 State Edition

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 277  words


''When you're lonely and you're away for six months, things sometimes just
happen and then you regret it afterwards and you think, 'You idiot'

Shane Warne on his extra-marital affairs

Few of us are surprised when certain clowns and political puppets crawl out from
under their certain rocks . . . and parade their stupidity

DPP Steve Pallaras attacks politicians for lampooning his decision to install a
$20,000 private toilet

I would have been of very little benefit, if any, to the team

Ill swim champion Ian Thorpe announces he won't be competing in the Commonwealth
Games

I know the venality and viciousness that's in him

Labor veteran Simon Crean accuses colleague Stephen Conroy of undermining his
preselection bid

My federal colleagues are in a world of their own, quite frankly

Treasurer Kevin Foley's observations of Labor infighting

I was screaming in pain and shouted: 'I've got to push something out'

British schoolgirl Charlotte Maddox, 13, after giving birth when she thought she
had a tummy bug

I am sane; it's not true what people are saying about me

Cornelia Rau to Immigration Minister Amanda Vanstone at Writers' Week

It will be a very dark, brutal time if humanity does not alter course now

Professor David Goodstein, of California Institute of Technology, on petrol
prices

I haven't tried to kill myself, but I've certainly thought about it

Desperate Housewives star Teri Hatcher on being sexually abused as a child

I would need a talented make-up artist to make me look natural

Fashion empire queen Donatella Versace

His performance reminds me of a young Brando. It's just outstanding

Brokeback Mountain director Ang Lee on Heath Ledger's performance as a gay
cowboy

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 27, 2003 Saturday

I liked it so much I bought the country

BYLINE: HEATHER MALLICK

SECTION: FOCUS; AS IF; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 828 words


When I first read that headline, "America puts Iraq up for sale," I had a body
rush I haven't had since I first snorted a 1970s drug called, coincidentally,
Rush, which I'm quite certain is illegal now. It makes your heart jackhammer and
your skull trepan itself from the inside. I was young. I enjoyed it.

Can I be the only person whose first thought was an enraged "Guys, Iraq isn't
yours to sell"? Call me unreasonable, but isn't ownership a prerequisite? It's
like me saying I'm selling Shoppers Drug Mart because I always shop there, or
used to until they started broadcasting Ben Mulroney ads for Canadian Idol
in-store and now I buy my anti-nauseants at Loblaws. Actually, I buy them at
Holt Renfrew, which doesn't sell Gravol but will shoplift it from Price Chopper
if I ask them nicely. Say Holts invaded Price Chopper because Galen Weston
wanted to show his dad he could, even though Mr. Weston is so rich he runs the
planet.

At this point, I was actually pounding on the dinner table, mainly because my
ludicrous analogy had run into a roadblock, which is that I've never heard a bad
word about handsome Galen whereas worldwide the United State is becoming an
object of hate that people laugh at, which scarcely seems possible as the
emotions don't mix. A toast to Jean Chrétien, for keeping us out of this
maelstrom of blood, oil and venality! You see what I mean by "rush."

Iraq's 23 million people are now enslaved by Texans. They have 192 public-sector
companies that the Americans are offering to anyone who'll buy them, but there
isn't an Iraqi with cash who didn't once shake Saddam's hand. (Oops, that was
Donald Rumsfeld in 1983.)

Even if I accept that Iraqis in the U.S. puppet government were happy to see
Saddam tossed, they are now keen to see the Americans get out, it having dawned
on them that this won't happen until its oil reserves dry up in 2131. Oil is not
for sale, by the way. It's a natural resource for which Junior Bush has a
special plan, like stealing to pay for the invasion. Natural resources are
sacred, like water.

I mean, not like water. The Iraqi water system's up for auction. Maybe
Walkerton, Ont., could bid for it. "Dibs on the Euphrates," says the mayor.

They can have it for $12 because, if I may offer a rationale for this insanity,
Republicans don't understand the concept of the public good. People who think
they can copyright the words "fair and balanced" (Fox should change its slogan
to "entirely without merit," which is what the judge said about that lawsuit)
would privatize American traffic lights if they could make money. The Bush
deficit is headed for Mars; he needs cash. Did you notice that during the power
outage, New Yorkers proved that stoplights run by semaphore worked pretty darn
good?

Much of the selloff is over. A Halliburton subsidiary has the $7-billion (U.S.)
oil infrastructure deal. Bechtel has the $680-million deal for roads and schools
(Cheeper With-Out Grls). But the mobile phone network contract will have tough
rules: You can't bid unless you've already run one in another country, even into
the ground. Talk about your high corporate standards.

Even if you invade, a country still doesn't belong to you, particularly if you
keep protesting that you never really wanted it, you just wanted "regime change"
and a shiny democracy in a country whose biggest problems are now anarchy,
cholera and finding a trowel to dig shallow graves for your toddlers. Eisenhower
never said, "We own Germany; big sale on at Siemens."

But it could work. Rubble exports should be a big sector, along with organ
donation. C'mon, livers grow back. Elle magazine, which once did a home décor
article featuring a pink shack in Soweto, could use big-eyed orphans for their
fall "It's kohl, kohl, kohl" issue. You could offer a free Estée Lauder gift
pack with every bid for the banking system. Oh, I know, some unethical
multinational will bid for Baghdad Savings & Loan just to get the travel-size
Idealist Skin Refinisher (I do this), but that's capitalism.

Corporate America has a problem though. Do they hire Iraqis, who hate them, or
do they send their own employees, who also hate them? How about 100,000 laid-off
steelworkers and flight attendants to inhale depleted uranium while building
outlet malls in Um Qasr?

Look, I may be completely wrong here. Maybe it's a great and noble idea for the
United States to set up a permanent colony in an Arab world full of love.
"Baghdad opens door to free market" was the celebratory Globe headline, and who
am I to quarrel?

God, I wish I were right-wing. Life would be so easy. Ask me anything. Let the
market decide, I'd answer dazedly. I'd love Disney and have a slow, lardy
McDonald's heartbeat. Dinner time in my bookless home would be a peaceful
interlude.

But I was born skeptical. My father, who delivered me, always boasted that he
was the first man I ever saw. Ergo, I'm a feminist. I was arguing from birth.

hmallick@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Sunday Herald

                               February 18, 2001

Lies, damned lies and democracy

BYLINE: Ian Bell

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1312 words


CONSIDER it a test. What is your reaction - no hesitations, no conferring, no
calls to a friend - when Bill Clinton says an accusation is "absolutely false"?
Do you a) take the view that a man who occupied a near-sacred position of trust
for eight years, with responsibility for the lives of millions, probably
deserves the benefit of the doubt? Do you b) ask what the meaning is of "is"? Or
c) settle back for another tale of venality, deceit and self-destructiveness so
obsessive it ought to be classified as a medical condition?

Bad men can be good presidents. In his latest novel, The Golden Age, Gore Vidal
advances the theory (not original to the author) that even the revered Franklin
Roosevelt was not above provoking the attack on Pearl Harbor and, moreover,
failing to warn America's Pacific fleet that it was about to become a row of
incinerated sitting ducks. Compared to that atrocity, or to Nixon's bombing of
Cambodia, Bill Clinton's crimes have been slight.

Indeed, what is so striking about the career of the boy from Hope, consequently
Hopeless, is that he has expended so much of his awesome talent for fiction on
trivia. Kennedy lied about Russia's nuclear strength to heat up the Cold War and
get himself elected. Nixon lied about a systematic attempt to subvert the
constitution of the United States. Clinton, in ludicrous contrast, used the vast
power of the White House, millions of dollars, dozens of lawyers and every last
ounce of his political credibility just to protect the fib that he did not have
sex with "that woman".

But why not? Clinton has lived the lie on America's behalf as though it was his
duty, as though it were expected. Last week on Channel 4's West Wing series, one
of Martin Sheen's saintly staff was lauding him for being the first president in
a long while whose "better angels" - or some such rubbish - at last had a
fighting chance against his demons. Back in the real world, the real White House
is occupied by a man who will spend the next four years living the lie that he
was actually elected. You can't pin that one on the Bubba. You can see, though,
why "mis-statements" become a habit.

Clinton, equally, never fails to tantalise. Whatever the lying word or
disgraceful deed, you are always left with the feeling that something so paltry,
so pointlessly tawdry, must lead to a larger scandal. Indeed, part of the reason
American culture is so rich in conspiracy theories is the nagging feeling that
official explanations never properly explain, that the known facts never quite
fit the obvious truths. Clinton, great actor that he is, always leaves you
wanting more.

So what's ''absolutely false" this time? That two hours before leaving the White
House for the last time the outgoing president found time to pardon a notorious
fugitive from justice whose former wife had given half a million dollars to the
Democratic Party and a similar amount (possibly much more) to the Clinton
presidential library?

NO, that happens to be true, every word of it. What is false, according to the
news from Bubbaworld, is the idea that there was any connection between the
money and the pardon for Marc Rich, a man so confident of his innocence when
charged with arms trading, fraud and tax evasion to the tune of $ 48 million
that he fled to Switzerland 17 years ago and has stayed there ever since. Mr
Rich also holds two passports and owns most of Peru. What do you get for the man
who has everything if not a nice, unsolicited pardon?

Clinton's explanation - a classic of vague, hurt innocence from a master - was
that he believed the offer of a get-out-of-jail-free card for Mr Rich (and what
novelist would have dared to invent that name?) was "the right thing to do".
Extra-right, no doubt, because it was done in such a way as to keep the justice
department and the US attorney's office in absolute ignorance.

Now those sore losers want to embroil the former president in a criminal
inquiry. Which is to say, this being Bubbaworld, yet another criminal inquiry
for a man who has sworn so many oaths to tell the truth he could probably earn a
good living as a human lie-detector. Once more the tension mounts. Is this the
end at last for the Lone Seducer? Once more the burning question fills the air:
what the hell was he thinking about?

A mundane answer is that the billionaire Mr Rich has powerful friends in the
Israeli government, former prime ministers included, and that they lobbied on
his behalf. Allegedly, he has helped extricate Jews from Ethiopia and the Yemen.
Allegedly, this humanitarianism therefore means he should not have to face the
biggest tax evasion prosecution in US history.

Once again, the explanation explains nothing. Why should Clinton have cared, 17
years after the fact and long after his predecessors decided not to lift a
finger on Mr Rich's behalf? Why, several million dollars in donations aside, did
he not leave George W Bush to wrestle with the problem? Above all, why did he
take this final mad risk? He knew it would not be kept secret. He knew that his
enemies on the right, smarting from the impeachment debacle, still itch to
destroy him. Is he so stupid?

ANYTHING but. Indeed, you can explain the serial calamities of Clinton's career
by keeping in mind the arrogance of a man who knows precisely how clever he is.
By now he must believe, with some justification, that he can get away with
anything. He must certainly believe that the legal and judicial arms of the US
government are too puny ever to lay a finger on him. So why bother to add
another lick of taint to a reputation already so besmirched?

The inevitable conclusion is that President Clinton was not his own master -
that he owed and owed, as they say, big. When you turn the White House into an
up-market Holiday Inn, auctioning off a night's stay to the highest bidder, you
put yourself and your office up for sale. When the presidency is on the market,
particularly a presidency immune to qualms, there is no shortage of customers.
Clinton's clemency for Marc Rich can only be explained as a debt settled.

Rich was not the only beneficiary. As good a symbol of the corruption of the
American ideal as you will find lies in the fact that 140 other people also
received presidential pardons in the dying days of the Clinton administration.
While the prison population of the United States approaches two million, and a
generation of young black Americans is destroyed in the process, one man can
simply close the book on 140 cases that have failed to satisfy any other legal
requirement.

But, Democrats will say, didn't Gerald Ford pardon Nixon, the biggest crook of
them all? Isn't George W conspicuously, proudly, the puppet of Texan money and
multinational influence? Isn't it the point of a presidency that there should be
a few prerogatives, a little bit of slack? And isn't it a shining example of
American democracy in action that Clinton will doubtless be investigated
thoroughly?

Don't bother to phone a friend. Instead, prepare yourself for the intellectual
breakthrough of the 21st century: America's politics is corrupt, dangerous to
the world and in no useful sense democratic. Not being Soviet Russia or
totalitarian China is no longer an excuse. America's democracy is a myth, one
best left to the actors of the West Wing. Crooks in the real White House are no
longer accidental; they are now the point of the system.

Our Mr Blair, himself now well-versed in sleaze, should bear that in mind when
George W comes calling with the fancy, useless missile system that nobody needs
but which he has to build because his backers in the one true church of the
military-industrial complex want every cent they can squeeze from the deluded
citizens of the United States. Our Mr Blair will tell the president where to get
off, won't he?

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Clinton's pardoning of 140 people in the last days of his presidency is
a lasting symbol of the corruption of the American ideal Photograph: Larry
Downing/Reuters

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2001 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              558 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              July 19, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ALSO SHOWING

BYLINE: David Jays;Maxie Szalwinska

SECTION: CULTURE;FEATURES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 407 words


Volpone Swan, Stratford-upon-Avon***

Henry Goodman's Volpone slides out of silk jimjams and into a hospital gown to
scam bedside visitors. Why, you wonder, couldn't Trevor Nunn's modern-dress RSC
production slip more frequently into something less comfy? Ben Jonson's 1605
play stockpiles financial sleaze and mocking cynicism. This staging lays out the
drama assiduously even as it short-changes us: howling venality comes across as
naughtiness. Greed isn't just good, it's God to Goodman's Volpone, a silvery
magnate who kneels in front of a display case of treasure and safety deposit
boxes before downing his morning coffee. With the help of his sidekick, Mosca
(Orion Lee, scrupulously respectful), he fleeces a rogues' gallery of Venetians
all eager to be named his heir.

This is a play in which gambles pile up on top of each other at trading-floor
speed, but Nunn's sedate pacing means you don't feel the risk. As Mosca, Lee
undersells his character's smarm and cleverness, letting his sharp tailoring do
the acting. But Goodman tackles the title role with typical delight and vigour,
whether disguised as a spittle-flecked, croaking invalid or as a mountebank with
an Italian accent of purest cheese. MS ¦

What's It All About?

Menier Chocolate Factory, London SE1 ***

This chamber show, seen in New York in 2013, is less a jukebox musical than a
sentimental journey through Burt Bacharach's toothsome back catalogue. Kyle
Riabko, who leads the cast and co-conceived the evening, weaves more than 30
elegantly stripped-back songs together in 90 minutes. There's no narrative -
just seven young singer-musicians who register individual sorrows and knit a
companionable group vibe from Bacharach's classic numbers.

From Say a Little Prayer to Walk on By, people have been humming these songs in
their living rooms for more than four decades, so it makes sense that the stage
becomes a cosy den. It's a homey assemblage of sofas and lamps, guitars and
throws. Directed by Steven Hoggett, the cast duck and slide, creating an
inventive friendship skedaddle. Bacharach's lovelorn numbers steal over you like
a tequila sunset. The fresh-faced cast sink into the magic moments of a previous
generation: peering at love letters; cradling postcards and mixtapes. They're
unfailingly endearing, although only Anastacia McCleskey sings as if she has
something important to tell us. DJ

David Jays and Maxie Szalwinska

*****KO ****A-OK *** OK ** So-so * No-no

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     May 22, 2003 Thursday National Edition

Thief with a conscience

SOURCE: National Post

SECTION: Editorials; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 252 words

Thomas Keneally, author of Schindler's List, may be a petty thief, but he is, at
least, a thief with a conscience -- a residue, perhaps, of his early theological
training.

In the great scheme of things, Keneally's crime is not great: As reported
earlier this month, the author has owned up to retrieving a partially eaten
biscuit from the 1901-04 Discovery Hut of Antarctic explorer Captain Robert
Falcon Scott during a visit to McMurdo Sound in 1968. He then took it upon
himself to preserve the item for posterity by placing it under glass in his
home.

It is not only the ravages of time and weather that threaten the world's
cultural patrimony, but increasingly the activity of pot hunters. Human traffic
to sensitive historical sites once virtually inaccessible has accelerated their
destruction. Pre-historic and exploration sites in northern Canada are not
immune.

Lamenting his past "vanity, venality and folly," Keneally has returned the
biscuit (actually, two-thirds of a biscuit) to the Antarctic Heritage Trust. His
act of contrition might strike some as a joke. Filching Scott's food waste in
Antarctica might not compare in terms of cultural value to, say, the illegal
excavation of Mimbres painted pottery in New Mexico (individual pieces of which
have sold legally for as much as US$100,000). But it is emblematic, nonetheless,
of a serious and growing threat to our heritage. Thomas Keneally should be made
into the poster child for an international campaign to end such plunder.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 26, 2017 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

GIBSON TALKS LOVE, NOT WAR

BYLINE: Glenn Whipp

SECTION: THE ENVELOPE; Entertainment Desk; Part S; Part S; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 854 words


Producer Bill Mechanic tried to persuade Mel Gibson to make "Hacksaw Ridge" in
2002, when Gibson was at the height of his career, and again in 2010, four years
after the Oscar-winning director and star had been exiled for anti-Semitic
comments made during a drunk-driving arrest in Malibu.

Gibson says something about the story of Desmond Doss, a conscientious objector
awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery in combat as a medic during World War II,
finally clicked for him when Mechanic reached out a third time in 2014. Gibson
took a fresh look at Doss and saw a man who transcended the horrors of war,
tending to both American and Japanese soldiers alike without regard to his own
safety. He saw Doss as an example of "what we're capable of in our venality,
that we have a higher self."

"What he did was the greatest act of love there is," Gibson says. "That's why I
call this movie a love story, not a war story."

We spoke recently to Gibson and actor Andrew Garfield, who plays Doss, about
their collaboration on "Hacksaw Ridge," which has earned six Oscar nominations,
including best picture, director and lead actor.

--

What struck me in reading about Desmond Doss is that you actually underplayed
what he did during the Battle of Okinawa. We watch him saving one wounded man
after another, tirelessly lowering them down the cliff on the rope-supported
stretcher. But we see only a dozen or so. Accounts put the actual number between
50 and 100.

Gibson: Right. You show all that, there wouldn't be time for anything else in
the movie. We underplayed a few things that you see in the documentary [2004's
"The Conscientious Objector]. After he stepped on a hand grenade and got all
blown up, he was being transported and he jumped off his stretcher to treat
another guy who he thought was worse off than him. He gave the guy the stretcher
and then crawled back and got shot up some more. If you put that in a movie, it
gets Pythonesque.

--

It's the Black Knight from "The Holy Grail."

Garfield: Right. You don't want to make him a cartoon or a saint. He was a man
who didn't want to be called a hero, though his actions are impossible to label
as anything but heroic. I think for both of us, the question was: How do we tell
the story of a truly sincere, humble man, flesh and blood like every one of us,
who transcended the violence inside himself? How did he sublimate all that
energy and rage into light?

--

And what answers did you find?

Garfield: He was a deeply spiritual man. He had a real certainty about what he
believed.

Gibson: You couldn't box him in. He hated being called a conscientious objector.
He called himself a conscientious collaborator.

Garfield: He created his own category. And the Army fought him. The value system
of the culture called him crazy. The people who stay true to themselves, like
Martin Luther King and Mahatma Gandhi, usually wind up dead. He somehow
survived.

--

Jodie Foster says --

Gibson: Oh, no -- what did she say?

She says who you are as a person, your most authentic self, comes out when you
direct. What does "Hacksaw Ridge" tell us about you?

Gibson: Well, first, she's probably right. A film has so many components from so
many talented people and yet somehow, you end up leaving your personality on it.
That's a mystery to me.

With this, I'd like to think my appeal to a better self comes through, that
maybe I could be like him in that situation, a battle experience where all men
become animals. I don't think I could. Maybe. But the fact that somebody else
could do it is inspiring to me. I think, "Maybe one day I'd be able to do
something as honorable as what he did."

Garfield: I found him saving the Japanese as well deeply moving. He didn't see
skin color. He didn't see the opposition as a threat in a weird way. It was just
a man in pain, no matter the uniform. There was a moment that didn't fit in with
the story -- I hope you don't mind me talking about this, Mel -- where a sniper
has his eyes on Desmond but gets killed before he pulls the trigger. And Desmond
has this feeling, "Why him and not me?" He did not prize his life above anyone
else, even the guy trying to kill him.

--

You do have a facility, Mel, for filming war and all its inherent horror and
cruelty.

Gibson: I don't know how else to do it. You have to be real. You have to show
what our veterans go through ... what they went through then and what they
continue to go through now. They go through a lot for us. They take a beating. I
want people to understand and empathize with that.

In terms of technique, what I like to do sometimes is slow everything down to a
whisper before you crank the volume up. So with the battle, creeping into it
with the fog and bits and pieces of people's legs, and it gets quieter and
quieter. [Whispers] It's like telling your kids a story at night and you're
saying, "There's something out there watching you from the dark and you're not
quite sure ... BWAAAAH!" And then you scream and they scream. That effect. [To
Garfield] Did you see that? He didn't even flinch.

--

I think watching your movie deadened my senses.

Gibson: I'd say we did our job then.

--

glenn.whipp@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: DIRECTOR Mel Gibson, right, of "Hacksaw Ridge" with the movie's
star, Andrew Garfield, in Los Angeles.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Liz O. Baylen Los Angeles
Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

GIBSON TALKS LOVE, NOT WAR

BYLINE: Glenn Whipp

SECTION: THE ENVELOPE; Entertainment Desk; Part S; Part S; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 859 words


Producer Bill Mechanic tried to persuade Mel Gibson to make "Hacksaw Ridge" in
2002, when Gibson was at the height of his career, and again in 2010, four years
after the Oscar-winning director and star had been exiled for anti-Semitic
comments made during a drunk-driving arrest in Malibu.

Gibson says something about the story of Desmond Doss, a conscientious objector
awarded the Medal of Honor for bravery in combat as a medic during World War II,
finally clicked for him when Mechanic reached out a third time in 2014. Gibson
took a fresh look at Doss and saw a man who transcended the horrors of war,
tending to both American and Japanese soldiers alike without regard to his own
safety. He saw Doss as an example of "what we're capable of in our venality,
that we have a higher self."

"What he did was the greatest act of love there is," Gibson says. "That's why I
call this movie a love story, not a war story."

We spoke recently to Gibson and actor Andrew Garfield, who plays Doss, about
their collaboration on "Hacksaw Ridge," which has earned Golden Globe
nominations for picture, director and lead actor, along with a SAG Award nod for
Garfield.

--

What struck me in reading about Desmond Doss is that you actually underplayed
what he did during the Battle of Okinawa. We watch him saving one wounded man
after another, tirelessly lowering them down the cliff on the rope-supported
stretcher. But we see only a dozen or so. Accounts put the actual number between
50 and 100.

Gibson: Right. You show all that, there wouldn't be time for anything else in
the movie. We underplayed a few things that you see in the documentary [2004's
"The Conscientious Objector]. After he stepped on a hand grenade and got all
blown up, he was being transported and he jumped off his stretcher to treat
another guy who he thought was worse off than him. He gave the guy the stretcher
and then crawled back and got shot up some more. If you put that in a movie, it
gets Pythonesque.

--

It's the Black Knight from "The Holy Grail."

Garfield: Right. You don't want to make him a cartoon or a saint. He was a man
who didn't want to be called a hero, though his actions are impossible to label
as anything but heroic. I think for both of us, the question was: How do we tell
the story of a truly sincere, humble man, flesh and blood like every one of us,
who transcended the violence inside himself? How did he sublimate all that
energy and rage into light?

--

And what answers did you find?

Garfield: He was a deeply spiritual man. He had a real certainty about what he
believed.

Gibson: You couldn't box him in. He hated being called a conscientious objector.
He called himself a conscientious collaborator.

Garfield: He created his own category. And the Army fought him. The value system
of the culture called him crazy. The people who stay true to themselves, like
Martin Luther King and Mahatma Gandhi, usually wind up dead. He somehow
survived.

--

Jodie Foster says --

Gibson: Oh, no -- what did she say?

She says who you are as a person, your most authentic self, comes out when you
direct. What does "Hacksaw Ridge" tell us about you?

Gibson: Well, first, she's probably right. A film has so many components from so
many talented people and yet somehow, you end up leaving your personality on it.
That's a mystery to me.

With this, I'd like to think my appeal to a better self comes through, that
maybe I could be like him in that situation, a battle experience where all men
become animals. I don't think I could. Maybe. But the fact that somebody else
could do it is inspiring to me. I think, "Maybe one day I'd be able to do
something as honorable as what he did."

Garfield: I found him saving the Japanese as well deeply moving. He didn't see
skin color. He didn't see the opposition as a threat in a weird way. It was just
a man in pain, no matter the uniform. There was a moment that didn't fit in with
the story -- I hope you don't mind me talking about this, Mel -- where a sniper
has his eyes on Desmond but gets killed before he pulls the trigger. And Desmond
has this feeling, "Why him and not me?" He did not prize his life above anyone
else, even the guy trying to kill him.

--

You do have a facility, Mel, for filming war and all its inherent horror and
cruelty.

Gibson: I don't know how else to do it. You have to be real. You have to show
what our veterans go through ... what they went through then and what they
continue to go through now. They go through a lot for us. They take a beating. I
want people to understand and empathize with that.

In terms of technique, what I like to do sometimes is slow everything down to a
whisper before you crank the volume up. So with the battle, creeping into it
with the fog and bits and pieces of people's legs, and it gets quieter and
quieter. [Whispers] It's like telling your kids a story at night and you're
saying, "There's something out there watching you from the dark and you're not
quite sure ... BWAAAAH!" And then you scream and they scream. That effect. [To
Garfield] Did you see that? He didn't even flinch.

--

I think watching your movie deadened my senses.

Gibson: I'd say we did our job then.

--

glenn.whipp@latimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: (S3) A WAR / LOVE STORY: Andrew Garfield and Mel Gibson share
thoughts on "Hacksaw Ridge's" hero.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Liz O. Baylen Los Angeles
Times PHOTO: DIRECTOR Mel Gibson, right, of "Hacksaw Ridge" with the movie's
star, Andrew Garfield, in Los Angeles.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Liz O. Baylen Los Angeles
Times

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Arts & Book Review

                               September 12, 2015
                                 First Edition

THE NATION'S FACES, WARTS 'N' ALL;
Simon Schama's collaboration with the National Portrait Gallery is a potent
celebration of our nation's diversity, writes EKOW ESHUN THE FACE OF BRITAIN:
THE NATION THROUGH ITS PORTRAITS BY SIMON SCHAMA (Viking, £30) » Order at £23
inc. p&p from the Independent Bookshop BOOK OF THE WEEK

BYLINE: EKOW ESHUN

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 958 words


THE NATIONAL PORTRAIT Gallery opened its doors in 1859 during a frenzy of
national self-regard. A few years earlier, millions had flocked to the Great
Exhibition to marvel at the wonders of the industrial age. Determined not to be
outshone by the capital, Manchester staged the mammoth Treasures of Britain
exhibition. With 16,000 artworks it was the largest art show in the world.
Visitors included Queen Victoria and Prince Albert, Disraeli, Gladstone,
Dickens, Florence Nightingale and many of the ruling sovereigns of Europe.

Yet the mood in the country was uncertain. British troops were mired in conflict
in Crimea. There was news of riot and mutiny in India during the Sepoy
Rebellion. During the Great Stink of 1858, London's air turned noxious with the
scent of sewage and slaughterhouse refuse. In Dickens' Bleak House, fog roils
through the capital, symbol of the venality and social inequality corrupting
Victorian society.

What aspects of Britain should a National Portrait Gallery, the first such
gallery in the world, celebrate in an era so triumphal and so anxious?

The initial impulse was to the didactic. With portraits restricted to the
eminent dead, the aim was to instruct the British people in who they were, in
what glorious stock they came from. That the institution became anything more
than a stultifying hall for heroes was down to a few early works that
illustrated the possibilities for portraiture as something other than
hagiography.

Thomas Lawrence's delicate and sympathetic sketch of William Wilberforce was
among the first collection of works shown at the gallery, the great abolitionist
is captured with his head cocked to the side, a smile playing across his lips,
his eyes dark and searching. The painting celebrates a career of virtue and
moral leadership. But it also speaks of private pain. Wilberforce had a
curvature of the spine so severe he was forced to wear an iron brace to prevent
his body collapsing in on itself. With a tilt to his head, a far-off gleam in
his eyes, Lawrence acknowledges Wilberforce's debilitating condition without
sentimentalising him as victim or martyr. And neither does he render him as the
great and noble figure as some of the campaigner's admirers might have wished.
He succeeds in what surely is the defining goal of public portraiture; he paints
the man rather than the reputation.

As much now as then, the question of what Britain looks like, of who best
represents the nation and how to best represent them, remains a vexed one. Simon
Schama's The Face of Britain aims to tell the story of the nation "through its
portraits". The book is written in conjunction with a show at the National
Portrait Gallery, curated by Schama, with an accompanying TV series that he will
present, all on that same theme. Even without such high stakes this would be a
task fraught with risk. The act of pinning down Britishness is elusive enough,
rife as it is with bromides about fair play and tolerance, love of tea and royal
family. But delineating national identity through portraiture is all the more
tricky because of the unique challenges presented by the genre itself. Unlike
other styles of painting, such as landscape or still life, the portrait is the
one form where the subject can speak back to the artist - and is most likely to
be paying the bill as well. When self-image collides with external gaze the
results can be combustible. Churchill hated his portrait by Graham Sutherland so
profoundly that he mocked it openly at its unveiling at Westminster Hall and
later had it burned.

There is a story behind every portrait and it is often a three-way drama between
the sitter's expectations, the artist's ambitions and the public's judgement on
their encounter.

Schama, wisely, isn't interested in coming to conclusions about the relative
Britishness of the paintings he examines. Instead, he assembles a cast from
across history "who 'stood for' Britain yet were not waxwork ciphers of a
nation, rather, a gathering of individuals still alive enough in their painted
incarnations for us to feel at home in their company".

And what a gathering it is. There are monarchs and military heroes here -
Victoria, Elizabeth I, Nelson, Drake. But for the most part Schama roams freely
across British society, ignoring status in favour of the levelling stuff of
human emotion; the scenes of hope and vulnerability, pride and dark desire that
ring universally true: here is a row of Suffragettes scowling for their police
mugshots, all glorious rage; Lady Emma Hamilton, "celebrated for nothing much
except being herself and the most beautiful woman in England"; John Lennon,
photographed by Annie Leibovitz, curled foetus like beside Yoko Ono in a pose of
unabashed need and devotion, just five hours before he is shot dead outside the
Dakota.

In a pub in Soho, Francis Bacon meets George Dyer. He likes what he sees. They
move in together. And even before their relationship spirals to its doomed
conclusion, Schama prefigures its contortions with his description of Bacon at
the easel, "the brush swooping and looping; turning and pasting. Occasionally
he'd throw gobs of white paint at the image, a whiplash hurl like ejaculate. It
was like a good fight or a fuck, a spilling of the guts." All of these lives
rendered with an acuity of detail that could rival the best of portraitists.

Finally, here's Schama himself, flickering intermittently into focus through the
book, a boy riding on the shoulders of his granddad, a father gazing down at his
newborn daughter, the baby "howling on cue, wiped clean of vernix".

Describing Lawrence's portrait of Wilberforce, Schama call the painting a work
of "transforming empathy". That phrase could be true of his storytelling
throughout this book.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TR


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 30, 1995, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

NO REASON TO FEEL GUILTY FOR 'STEALING' RAMS

BYLINE: Bernie Miklasz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 702 words

BERNIE MIKLASZ COMMENTARY COLUMN


The intellectual Rampage continues. You know, the debate over the moral and
ethical dimensions of the Rams' move to St. Louis.

Our Town's Bob Costas initiated a new round last Sunday during a guest
appearance on ESPN's "Sports Reporters."

Costas commented that St. Louis embarrassed itself during this Rams adventure.
Costas failed to tell the national TV audience that he appeared in an
infomercial - cradling a football - to promote the personal seat licenses.

Costas says he didn't know that his spot would be so closely aligned with the
PSL pitch. Fair enough, and I have great respect for Bob. But how can he make a
local commercial, saying how great it is for St. Louis to be back in the NFL,
then go on national TV and criticize the city for going wacko over the Rams?

Sunday night, we media types chastised Costas on Mike Bush's "Sports Plus" TV
show. In response, Michael B. of St. Louis wrote:

"I agree with you about Costas: he shouldn't tell people how to feel. The
problem, of course, is not that you should feel embarrassed, but that you and
your cronies are embarrassing.

"Why? Because you have supported to the hilt the entire effort to tear the Rams
away from Los Angeles. I don't give a whit about Los Angeles but as a
47-year-old male who had backed a team my entire life (Green Bay), I care about
the fans of the Rams, guys and gals like me who have followed a team most of
their lives.

"And now, because of the greed and venality of wealthy people in St. Louis who
couldn't work together to get an expansion team, we simply throw obscene amounts
of money at the ownership, and buy the Rams away from the fans in Los Angeles.
It stinks.

"As does your gushing over Georgia Frontiere in a recent column. She's a greedy
capitalist, nothing more. For this she should be crowned Veiled Prophet Queen?
You don't need anyone to tell you that you should be embarrassed; just look
honestly at the situation and come up with your own conclusions."

Comments:

On a March night in 1984, I stood in a snowstorm outside the Baltimore Colts'
training facility and watched movers load up my childhood in vans bound for
Indianapolis. The experience left me calloused. That episode was a warning to
every sports town in America: If Baltimore can lose the Colts, it could happen
to you. Cities that fail to mind the store are knowingly taking a risk. And
clinging to the idealistic belief that these are games instead of commerce is
naive.

Uh, didn't the Rams move to LA from Cleveland? Of LA's eight major-league
franchises (counting the Rams), five originated elsewhere. LA knows all about
snatching franchises. So now the 50-year trend has reversed; one team is leaving
the left coast. LA still has seven franchises (one in the NFL) and is ahead on
the scorecard.

Orange County could have kept the Rams but made a conscious decision to let the
team go. After Orange County gave the Rams a legal escape clause, no real
financial plan was made to save the team. Our region has invested $ 260 million
in a stadium. And I care more about the "guys and gals" in St. Louis who now
have a team.

You're right: Frontiere is a capitalist. All sports owners are. We all can agree
that this move was about dollars. That's hardly a revelation.

So what happens next? Does Frontiere continue her old ways? Or does she take
advantage of this second chance by striving to become a better owner? So far,
she's trying to improve. That's positive.

She spent two hours signing several hundred autographs in downtown St. Louis. A
small gesture, yes. But it indicates she recognizes the need to show
appreciation and be accessible.

Bill Bidwill continued his bad habits in Phoenix; the franchise remains a joke.
So shouldn't Frontiere be praised for going about this the right way? Or have we
become so cynical that we automatically attack her before the Rams play a game?

My conclusion is that I wouldn't change a word of what I've written about the
Rams/Frontiere. And if I see that the organization is being lax in its
responsibility to the fans, w I will write about that, too.

A final word: St. Louis Rams at your Green Bay Packers on Sept. 3. Here's
betting a bratwurst on the Rams.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              564 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            October 28, 2013 Monday

As market grows, e-cigarette maker battles with Big Tobacco

BYLINE: MATT RICHTEL

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 3519 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

ABSTRACT

At stake is a piece of the so-called vaping market that has grown in a few short
years to about $1.7 billion in sales in the United States.

FULL TEXT

Geoff Vuleta was in the crowd at a Rolling Stones concert this year when Keith
Richards lit up a cigarette on stage, the arena's no-smoking policy be damned.
Feeling inspired, Mr. Vuleta, a longtime smoker, reached into his pocket and
pulled one out himself. People seated nearby shot him scolding glances as he
inhaled. So he withdrew the cigarette from his mouth and pressed the glowing end
to his cheek.

His was an electronic cigarette, a look-alike that delivers nicotine without
combusting tobacco and produces a vapor, not smoke. Mr. Vuleta, 51, who has a
sardonic humor, clearly relished recounting this story, and not only because Mr.
Richards is a supporting character. Mr. Vuleta is the chief marketing officer
for NJOY, an electronic cigarette company based in Scottsdale, Arizona, and it
is his job to reframe how everyone, nonsmokers included, views the habit of
inhaling from a thin stick and blowing out a visible cloud.

Mr. Vuleta, who told his tale in the office of Craig Weiss, the NJOY chief
executive, calls this a process of ''renormalizing,'' so that smokers can come
back in from the cold. He means that literally - allowing people now exiled to
the sidewalks back into buildings with e-cigarettes. But he also means it
metaphorically. Early in the last century, smoking was daring and transgressive.
Then, in midcentury, it became acceptable, bourgeois behavior. As the dangers of
tobacco - and the venality of tobacco companies in concealing those dangers -
became impossible to ignore, smoking took on a new identity: societal evil.

Mr. Vuleta and Mr. Weiss want to make ''vaping,'' as e-cigarette smoking is
known in the industry, fashionable. Keith Richards might still be smoking
tobacco, but in Mr. Vuleta's vision, that grizzled guitarist's gesture could
inspire the audience, en masse, to pull out e-cigarettes. ''The moment Keith
Richards does it,'' he said, ''everyone else does, too.''

Mr. Vuleta's words are more exuberant than the official company line, which is
that NJOY doesn't want everyone to smoke e-cigarettes but only to convert the 40
million Americans who now smoke tobacco. The customers NJOY attracts, and how it
attracts them, are at the center of a new public health debate, not to mention a
rush to control the e-cigarette business.

The Food and Drug Administration has said it plans to issue preliminary rules
for public comment on e-cigarette regulations as soon as the end of this month,
but the partial government shutdown appears to have delayed that process.
Earlier this month, the European Parliament endorsed limits on the sponsorship
and advertising of e-cigarettes, and on their sale to minors, but scrapped
tougher regulations favored by some in public health that would have regulated
them as tightly as medical devices.

At stake is a vaping market that has grown in a few short years to around $1.7
billion in sales in the United States. That is tiny when compared with the
nation's $90 billion cigarette market. But one particularly bullish Wall Street
analyst projects that consumption of e-cigarettes will outstrip regular ones in
the next decade.

NJOY was one of the first companies to sell e-cigarettes; now there are some 200
in the United States, most of them small. Just last year, however, Big Tobacco
got into the game when Lorillard acquired Blu, an e-cigarette brand, and
demonstrated its economic power. Within months, relying on Lorillard's
decades-old distribution channels, Blu displaced NJOY as the market leader.

Mr. Weiss still sees NJOY as having an advantage - in building e-cigarettes that
look, feel and perform like the real thing. It's a different strategy from that
of competing products that look like long silver tubes or sleek, blinking
fountain pens.

''We're trying to do something very challenging: change a habit that is not only
entrenched but one people are willing to take to their grave,'' said Mr. Weiss,
who is not a smoker but has tried both regular and e-cigarettes. ''To accomplish
that, we have to narrow as much as possible the bridge to familiarity. We have
to make it easy for smokers to cross it.''

To some in public health, that vision sounds ill-conceived, if not threatening.
Among their concerns is that making smoking-like behavior O.K. again will undo
decades of work demonizing smoking itself. Far from leading to more smoking
cessation, they argue, e-cigarettes will ultimately revive it, and abet new
cases of emphysema, heart disease and lung cancer.

''The very thing that could make them effective is also their greatest danger,''
said Dr. Tim McAfee, director of the Office on Smoking and Health at the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention.

To achieve his ends, Mr. Weiss is building a company of strange bedfellows. He
has hired former top tobacco industry executives but also attracted a former
surgeon general, Dr. Richard H. Carmona, who has joined the board. NJOY recently
hired away a prominent professor of chemistry and genomics from Princeton to be
the company's chief scientist. The company has attracted investment from Sean
Parker, the former Facebook president, and Peter Thiel, the PayPal co-founder.
There has also been a celebrity endorsement from the singer Bruno Mars.

Mr. Weiss sees his company as doing something epic. Not long after he was named
its president in June 2010, he asked his psychologist if he might record his
regular sessions. It was an unusual request, but he thinks that by recording his
thoughts, it might ultimately help him write a book or movie script about how he
helped end the nation's deadliest habit.

''We're at this incredible inflection point in history,'' he said, adding that
the company has a chance to ''make the single most beneficial impact on society
in this century.''

Over dinner at Federal Pizza, a trendy place in Phoenix owned by a close friend,
Mr. Weiss put a Camel Crush cigarette onto a table beside an NJOY King. ''These
are almost identical,'' he says, ''but we still have a ways to go.''

The two sticks on the table were roughly the same size. But NJOY's weighs around
5 grams, more than twice as much as the Camel. When squeezed, the NJOY isn't as
spongy, and it lacks the Camel's fragrance (though a nimbus of tobacco bouquet
emerges when you open the pack). The tip is plastic with an LED glow, not real
fire, and it produces no ash.

These distinctions can mean everything to heavy smokers for whom each detail in
the smoking ritual - a ''moment in the day,'' as Mr. Vuleta summarizes the
experience of each cigarette - adds up to something exquisite.

''Smokers talk about a 'throat hit,' '' Mr. Weiss explained as he sipped a
strawberry wine cooler over pizza, referring to a tickle or slight burn at the
back of the throat, a part of the overall Pavlovian experience that comes before
the nicotine rush. It's something, he said, that the company's products are
becoming better at imitating, along with changing the chemistry inside the
e-cigarette so that nicotine is absorbed more quickly by the body, more like the
real thing. But it is not there yet.

The NJOY King, which sells for $7.99, is disposable and tries to deliver as much
nicotine as a pack of 20 cigarettes; other kinds of e-cigarettes are
rechargeable, their nicotine fluid refills costing around $3 or $4.

If the NJOY and a regular cigarette look similar on the outside, the inside is
another story. Inside the e-cigarette's polycarbonate tube casing is an
integrated circuit, a small computer chip. Then comes a lithium-ion battery,
then a wick wrapped in cotton soaked in a mixture of nicotine and a carrier
liquid of glycerol and propylene glycol. The battery is turned on when the user
drags on the stick, heating the gadget's inside to around 180 degrees and
turning the nicotine into vapor. When inhaled, it leaves the throat with an
''ambient feel,'' Mr. Weiss calls it - a caress, not the desired throat hit.

Most e-cigarette companies do not embrace experiential authenticity the way NJOY
does, and some make a deliberate effort at difference. NJOY executives like to
mock the more exotic efforts. ''An e-cigarette that doesn't look like a
cigarette, but looks like a silver tube with a white light at the end, is
anything but an exquisite experience,'' said Roy Anise, NJOY's executive vice
president in charge of sales, who came to the company from Philip Morris, the
tobacco company whose parent is Altria. Mr. Anise worked in the tobacco industry
for 24 years, eventually in the division that sold smokeless products.

Blu eCigs, NJOY's biggest competition, are slender black tubes, with tips that
glow blue, not ember-red. Murray S. Kessler, the chief executive of Lorillard,
which sells Blu, described the look as ''edgy'' and ''cool'' and said that, with
such a look, there is a better chance to make it a ''complete replacement'' to
the cigarette. ''I don't want to emulate a cigarette,'' Mr. Kessler said. ''The
big idea isn't to try to keep people in cigarettes, but to normalize smoking
e-cigarettes and vaping as the next generation.''

E-cigarettes that look different, he said, could ''solve the social stigma
issue'' and erase the tension of smoking in public places.

Doesn't that cannibalize his tobacco business? Yes, he said, it might, but he
added that his shareholders ''don't care whether we sell cigarettes or
e-cigarettes'' so long as the company maintains profits.

Right now, though, real cigarettes are much more profitable, as Mr. Kessler
conceded, but he said he thought that e-cigarette profit margins could grow.

Bonnie Herzog, a tobacco industry analyst at Wells Fargo who is particularly
bullish on e-cigarettes, said that there was room for different e-cigarette
styles. But tobacco companies have a decided edge over small companies like
NJOY, she said, because of their entrenched distribution, deep pockets and
databases of contact information for millions of customers.

Her assertion seems to be borne out by the success of Blu. Since being acquired
by Lorillard, Blu has a convenience-store market share that has climbed to 39
percent from 12 percent in a little more than a year, while NJOY's has fallen to
30 percent from 48 percent. (NJOY expects its revenue to triple over this year
to more than $100 million; Mr. Weiss declined to be more specific about sales.)

Lorillard is pushing hard, saying it will spend $40 million this year on
marketing - a budget that amounts to 35 percent of the $114 million in Blu sales
in the first half of the year.

Two other big tobacco companies are exploring the market. The MarkTen, from
Altria, can be recharged; it is being sold in Indiana in a test. The Vuse, from
R.J. Reynolds Tobacco, is a long, silver model that is being tried in Colorado.

If those large companies decide to go full force into the market, they could
further erode NJOY's market share, adding a business reason for Mr. Weiss to
vilify the tobacco giants. One selling point of NJOY may be its likeness to real
cigarettes, but another could be that it was never a tobacco company. He has
brought on Mr. Anise and others with tobacco experience, he said, because
success depends on relationships with convenience stores that sell cigarettes.
But, unlike Mr. Kessler, Mr. Weiss can still rail against the companies that
''kill half their customers.''

Mr. Weiss, who turned 40 in July, didn't come to NJOY as a public health
advocate or even as someone whose life was touched by the hazards of smoking.
''I have no personal 'my dad died of lung cancer' type of story,''' he said.
Rather, his zeal seems to be equal parts outrage and inborn entrepreneurial
excitation. He obtained the first of his three patents at age 15 - it was for a
net to catch tennis balls - and went on to become a lawyer before starting a
hedge fund.

NJOY was started by Mr. Weiss's brother, Mark Weiss, a lawyer in Scottsdale,
Arizona. who was inspired by a crude version of an electronic cigar at a trade
show in China in 2005. In 2009, the company faced a near-death experience when a
shipment from China, where the NJOY cigarettes are made, was seized at the port
of Long Beach, California. The Food and Drug Administration charged that the
e-cigarettes were an unapproved drug-delivery device.

NJOY initially argued that it had made no health claims and therefore shouldn't
be regulated. But just months after the seizure, the Family Smoking Prevention
and Tobacco Control Act was passed. It gave the F.D.A. the power to regulate
tobacco products, but not to ban them. (At the time, Craig Weiss was a
shareholder but not part of management; he did weigh in on legal matters.) After
the change in federal law, NJOY changed its legal position, arguing that
nicotine is derived from tobacco, and therefore that the F.D.A. had the power to
regulate e-cigarettes under the new law. In a 2010 ruling, a federal district
court in Washington accepted that argument, preventing an outright ban of NJOY's
product as an unregulated drug delivery device and punting the specifics of how
the products should be regulated over to the F.D.A.

Some critics say NJOY and other e-cigarette companies are trying to have it both
ways. ''When it's convenient to be like tobacco, they're like tobacco,'' says
Stanton A. Glantz, director of the Center for Tobacco Control Research and
Education at the University of California, San Francisco, ''and when it's not
convenient, they're not.''

One day in mid-August, Dr. McAfee, the tobacco expert from the C.D.C., received
an e-mail with statistics about e-cigarette use among young people. The
statistics compared e-cigarette experimentation in 2012 with that of 2011, the
first year the C.D.C. had collected data on the phenomenon.

Alarm bells went off the instant Dr. McAfee saw the numbers: among students in
grades 6 to 12, experimentation with e-cigarettes had doubled, to 6.8 percent
from 3.3 percent. Not surprisingly, the numbers were higher among high school
students, 10 percent of whom reported trying an e-cigarette, more than double
the share in 2011.

Within hours, Dr. McAfee called Mitch Zeller, the director of the Center for
Tobacco Products of the F.D.A. As Dr. McAfee recounted his conversation, he told
Dr. Zeller: ''This is not business as usual.''

One of the strongest predictors of whether someone becomes a lifelong smoker is
how early they start experimenting, and Dr. McAfee saw experimentation with
e-cigarettes as a gateway to tobacco. Three weeks later, the C.D.C. issued an
''emergency note from the field,'' a communication typically reserved for acute
disease outbreaks.

From a public health perspective, e-cigarettes raise two questions: How harmful
are they? And, regardless, will they lead to smoking cessation or, perversely,
reinforce the tobacco smoking habit?

Most public health officials seem to agree that the levels of toxins in
e-cigarettes are far lower than those in traditional cigarettes. But they also
say that far too little is known, not just about potentially harmful aspects of
particular brands of e-cigarettes, but also about whether there is harm from
''secondhand vapor.'' Dr. Glantz of U.C.S.F. says that in the absence of data,
indoor smoking bans should also cover e-cigarettes.

Mr. Weiss asserted that such indoor bans would eliminate a competitive advantage
for e-cigarettes and thus harm the effort to normalize this alternative
behavior. More broadly, he said, public policy should err on the side of giving
e-cigarettes a chance, even if everything about the health effects isn't known.
''This idea of saying we don't have data - that 'in the absence of data we're
going to act' - is potentially condemning people to a painful and early death,''
he said. Public health officials who want more research before accepting vaping,
he said, are ''suffering from P.T.S.D. from the lies they were told by tobacco
companies.''

The public health officials don't disagree; in fact, they say they blew it with
cigarettes by ignoring warning signs, waiting years to mount ironclad scientific
proof and thus allowed a deadly habit to take hold. They are trying to learn
from the past. ''We can't allow e-cigarettes to establish themselves the way
cigarettes did and, five years from now when all the scientific questions are
answered, try to stuff the genie back in the bottle,'' said Dr. Glantz, who
advocates tighter regulation.

Another area of sharp disagreement is on the question of whether e-cigarettes
really help people quit smoking. Given that electronic cigarettes aren't
considered as satisfying a nicotine rush, skeptics worry further that if the
e-cigarette takes hold, it will lead people to using the tobacco version.

There is no data to validate that concern, just as there is little data on
cessation. Surveys suggest that e-cigarette users are quitting or cutting down
on cigarettes. But one scientific study, published in September in The Lancet, a
British medical journal, found that six months into smoking e-cigarettes, 7.3
percent of users had quit smoking tobacco. That was the statistical equivalent
to the modestly effective patch (a quit rate of 5.8 percent).

''We were hoping for the magic bullet,'' said Natalie Walker, director of
addiction research at the National Institute for Health Innovation in New
Zealand, and one of the study's authors. ''We were surprised by the low quit
rate.''

Dr. Carmona, the former surgeon general who has joined NJOY's board, is not
willing to accept defeat. As surgeon general, he emphasized the dangers of
secondhand smoke, and e-cigarettes seem to him the best bet for a cessation
device. ''We don't have all the answers'' he said, ''but we see there is
potential for this to be a very disruptive force in cessation.''

Mr. Weiss favors regulation that would require companies to disclose
ingredients, set manufacturing standards and prohibit sales to minors, but he
objects to restrictions on marketing. At the moment, absent F.D.A. regulations,
e-cigarette companies, unlike tobacco companies, can sponsor sports and
entertainment events, or advertise on television.

What they can't do is make health claims; if they did, they would face
regulation as a drug company. So the ads tend to be implicit, as in one that ran
during the Super Bowl last year. In it, a handsome man smoked an NJOY with a
voice-over that said: ''You know what the most amazing thing about this
cigarette is? It isn't one,'' and then continued, ''The first electronic
cigarette with the look, feel and flavor of the real thing.''

Reynolds, the maker of Vuse, has a commercial that sounds much like old TV ads
for cigarettes, promising ''a perfect puff, first time, every time.'' A
commercial for Blu features Jenny McCarthy complaining she doesn't like a kiss
''that tastes like an ashtray.''

Mr. Weiss said NJoy's Super Bowl ad prompted a 40 percent uptick in sales in the
five markets where it ran. That kind of impact is why he doesn't want the F.D.A.
to forbid television advertising. ''Any ad restrictions that limit our ability
to let smokers know they have an alternative only serves the interest of Big
Tobacco,'' he said, because tobacco companies have such an edge on the
traditional channels of distribution. He does agree, however, that there should
be no advertising during children's TV shows. He declined to say how much the
company spends on marketing.

The push for regulation is coming from many quarters, including a majority of
the state attorneys general. Forty of them wrote a letter in September to the
F.D.A., seeking ''immediate regulatory oversight of e-cigarettes, an
increasingly widespread, addictive product.'' The letter said that the nicotine
in e-cigarettes ''has immediate biochemical effects on the brain and body at any
dosage, and is toxic in high doses.''

Then, last week, the group sent a second letter, this one signed by 41 state
attorneys general, reiterating its position, urging rules that would ''ensure
that companies do not continue to sell or advertise to our nation's youth.''

In the first letter, the state attorneys general singled out NJOY's Super Bowl
ad, not in its appeal to youth but the way it looked just like the thing it
seeks to replace: ''The advertisement depicted an attractive man smoking an
e-cigarette that looked just like a real cigarette.''

Mr. Weiss doesn't see a problem with this. ''We want it to look exactly like a
cigarette because that's how we're going to get smokers to change behavior,'' he
said. For decades, he noted, there have been smoking alternatives, like patches
and pills and gum, that were nothing like cigarettes. Going down that road, he
said, is ''Einstein's definition of insanity - doing the same thing over and
over again and expecting a different result.''

At the same time, he conceded that his strategy ''creates some confusion'' that
''is not irrational to me, and just requires education.''

''People say, if it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it must be a
duck.''

Mr. Weiss's challenge, if he's to reach what he envisions as a place in history,
will be to prove that looks can be deceiving.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 27, 2005 Sunday

JERSEY'S STATE SPORT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 324 words


Is political corruption the official pastime of the state of New Jersey? It
certainly seems that way - and has for a long, long time.

Tuesday's arrest of 11 public officials, including three sitting mayors, in
Monmouth County alone was described as "unprecedented" by federal prosecutors,
but it's hardly that.

Frankly, barely a day goes by without Garden Staters reading about yet another
official on some level of government being charged with political corruption.

And while Jim McGreevey stepped down as governor last year over a sex scandal,
his office - and those close to him - had long been mired in corruption, leading
to a score of indictments.

Indeed, over the past three years, no fewers than 76 New Jersey public officials
have been charged with corruption by the feds.

Thus has New Jersey - a state long lacking a distinct positive identity - earned
one as a den of political venality.

And the sad part is that this is nothing new: Every couple of decades, it seems,
another crusading U.S. Attorney comes along and indicts a bunch of crooked New
Jersey politicians. At which point a spirit of reform sweeps the air - and then,
slowly but surely, everything goes back to business as usual.

"Nobody watches, nobody hears, nobody sees," one unnamed official reportedly
bragged to Mayor Paul Copughlin of Hazlet. Save for U.S. Attorney Christopher
Christie, who's leading the current sweepfest, he wasn't all that wrong.

Unfortunately, things won't change in New Jersey until the political culture is
fundamentally altered: The corrupt practice known as pay-for-play has been honed
to perfection in the Garden State, where the political parties work
hand-in-glove with special interests.

But it will take a massive outpouring of public revulsion until the present
corrupt system is brought down. New Jerseyans have put up with this for far too
long.

When will they decide that they're mad as hell and won't take it anymore?

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      March 29, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Why bourgeois values must be defended

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Fazil Mihlar

SECTION: Editorial; Fazil Mihlar; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 704 words

With all the high-profile corporate scandals today, bourgeois or capitalist
values have largely been reduced to a single slogan -- greed. But there is much
more to bourgeois values than just greed.

Professor Deirdre McCloskey of the University of Illinois in an article titled
"Bourgeois Virtue," argues that those in the middle class who believe in
capitalist values shouldn't allow themselves to be defined as amoral brutes. I
cannot but agree.

She points out Adam Smith, the father of modern capitalism, knew full well that
capitalist societies "could not flourish without the virtues of trustworthiness
or bourgeois pride."

While Smith's The Wealth of Nations is the book read widely by economists,
McCloskey points out correctly that his other book, The Theory of Moral
Sentiments, is more important if anyone really want to understand the
underpinnings of capitalism. In it, Smith talks about "love, not greed; esteem,
not venality."

Yet, in The Wealth of Nations, Smith talked about how capitalists are by nature
greedy and selfish. An unintended side-effect of this pursuit of material
wealth, he argued, provides food, clothing and shelter to most people.

In the 20th century, the most articulate and popular defender of this view of
capitalism was Ayn Rand, the philosopher. In her book, The Virtues of
Selfishness: A Concept of Egoism, Rand argued that selfishness is a virtue
because selfish people innovate and create things, allowing us to live good
lives.

So naturally, many people see capitalism and, by extension, capitalists as
greedy and selfish creatures, intent on exploiting everybody they can, including
their mothers. And now they simply point to the big corporate scandals to make
their case.

But as as Dinesh D'Souza, a fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford
University correctly points out, "Capitalism civilizes greed, just as marriage
civilizes lust." Precisely because of that, I would argue that a vast majority
of corporate executives behave ethically.

They do so because they take many of the bourgeois values to heart. So what are
they? They include: enterprise, integrity, honesty, trustworthiness, respect,
responsibility, prudence, thrift, charity, affection and humour to mention a
few.

And the growth of the market -- where buyers and sellers meet to exchange wares
for a price -- promotes virtuous, not venal behaviour, argues McCloskey.

She illustrates this point by way of an example. In 1055, Abun ben Zedaka of
Jerusalem was accused of embezzling money from a Mghribi trader. When the news
reached other Mghribi merchants, businessmen in far-flung places such as Sicily
didn't trade with Abun ben Zedaka any more. How's that for keeping businessmen
honest?

Likewise, most tradesmen who do a lousy job in Vancouver can't get away with it
and thrive. So a plumber or roofer has to internalize the bourgeois values of
integrity and honesty. They have to because bourgeois society indulges in a lot
of talk, and "talk defines business reputation."

And even if a capitalist is greedy, he cannot use violence to get something. In
fact, there has to be mutual agreement between a buyer and seller. Professor
McCloskey offer up the example of Donald Trump. She concedes that Trump is a
offensive man, which becomes clear to anyone who has watched his program The
Apprentice.

But the fact remains that Trump didn't use force or steal his millions by
raiding his neighbours with a gun in his hands. What he did was buy the
Commodore Hotel in New York City at a relatively low price and sell it at a much
higher price to a voluntary buyer. Then he built condos and hotels that people
wanted to live in and made handsome profits. So Trump did well by doing good
deeds.

And Trump and countless other capitalists have been very charitable. And
charity, too, is a bourgeois value.

Bourgeois virtues -- charity, enterprise, responsibility, respect, honesty and
integrity among others -- are what makes communities in North America work.

However much critics would love to point to greed as the only bourgeois value,
it's up to capitalists to explain that there is a lot more to capitalism. The
fate of capitalism rests on a robust defence.

fmihlar@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            November 9, 2001, Friday

BIG CATCH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 012

LENGTH: 117 words


CHRISTOPHER Byron is coming to The Post. The veteran financial writer, whose
column ran in The New York Observer for the last six years, was lured away by
the prospect of more readers. "I have nothing bad to say about the Observer, but
The Post has gotten so good, and so edgy over the last few years," Byron said
yesterday. "It's a great newspaper, and it's a much bigger paper." The
salmon-colored Observer, owned by investment banker Arthur Carter, is believed
to have a circulation under 50,000. Byron, who specializes in poring through SEC
filings to expose corporate venality, takes on Martha Stewart in "Martha Inc.,"
which John Wiley & Co. publishes in May with a 150,000 first printing.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              568 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Full Of Hot Airbnb: Burned By The Sharing Economy; Local critics of vacation
rentals likely using service themselves elsewhere

BYLINE: Pete McMartin, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: CITY; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 815 words


The newest enemy to be identified in The War On Real Estate is the proliferation
of short-term rental (STR) suites in Metro Vancouver, the consensus being that
their popularity has contributed to (a) the rental housing shortage, (b) rising
real estate prices, and (c) more overwrought media stories about rental housing
shortages and rising real estate prices. I know at least one of the above is
right.

Since the City of Vancouver proper contains over 75 per cent of the almost 4,800
STRs in the Metro area, its city council has been under the most pressure to do
something about them. This, it has promised to do. I have no idea what that
something would be, or if even doing that something is feasible, given the
enforcement difficulties presented by the exponential growth of STRs. It should
tell you something that stories about such rental services, of which Airbnb is
but one of several in Metro, often use the phrase "technically illegal" to
describe them, as if illegality could be measured in degrees, as if STRs were
guilty of the same level of venality of, say, urinating in public. Be discreet
enough and the law will look the other way.

But if the majority of STRs in Vancouver are illegal, then why, one asks,
doesn't the city prosecute them? Because, the answer out of city hall is that
the prosecution of them presents the same problem as that of illegal suites
(which, I am certain, outnumber STRs in Metro by many, many thousands). Despite
what the public may think, the city does not have at the ready platoons of bylaw
officers, who, at any rate, are otherwise preoccupied. They don't go looking for
STRs. So enforcement - as it is in the case of illegal suites - is
complaint-initiated. Even when a complaint is received, investigations can take
time. Evidence has to be assembled. "It becomes," said Coun. GeoffMeggs, who is
the city's point man on the issue, "a very complex business."

Other cities have legislated against STRs, some more successfully than others.
Santa Monica, Calif., banned them outright, and in the nine months since the ban
its city hall claims to have reduced the number of STRs to just under a thousand
from an estimated 1,700. Santa Monica, however, is a city of less than 100,000,
and is a small, compact seaside enclave surrounded by Los Angeles. It also had
to create and pay for an enforcement office, another level of bureaucracy. In
much larger and more populous San Francisco, attempts to control STRs appear to
have failed miserably. Most STR owners have ignored the city's requirement to
register, and since addresses are not given on websites, finding their suites
and prosecuting them has proven difficult for the city's new Office of
Short-Term Rental Enforcement. After a year since the enactment of San
Francisco's new STR law, just over 100 cases have been closed. The biggest
difficulty in legislating STRs appears to be their sheer number. One researcher
put the number of Airbnb suites in San Francisco at almost 8,000, and he
believes Airbnb accounted for only half of the STRs in the city.

Well, OK. The City of Vancouver will do what it can. But to me, the nut of this
issue is not the proposition that STRs cause rental shortages, which remains
unproven; it's the social and economic dynamic that STRs represent. They're
another manifestation of peer-to-peer capitalism, part of the terribly misnamed
"sharing economy" that has destroyed the market's old foundations.

My colleagues and I were on the wrong end of peer-to-peer capitalism long before
Airbnb came along. Once upon a time, it was ad revenue, and especially
classified ad revenue, that a newspaper's profitability depended on. Then along
came Craigslist and eBay and Etsy and Kijiji and dozens of others, and within
months, newspapers saw their ad revenues dry up. As I recall, no one called for
those sites to be legislated or made illegal, and tens of thousands of
journalists lost their jobs. Newspapers had no choice but to adapt to the new
economy.

So here we have urbanites - many of them young, since they are most likely to be
renters - identifying STRs as a cause of rental shortages. Yet the exponential
growth of STRs attests to their popularity, and not just here but around the
world. They are the manifestation of the boom in global travel. Airbnb, for
example, now exists in 190 countries and 34,000 cities. And who uses its
services? Urbanites with an insatiable appetite to see the world, and to see it
as cheaply as possible. How many Vancouver renters, I wonder, have availed
themselves of STR services in, say, Paris, which has also attempted to curb the
growth of STRs? So why would those Vancouverites not consider themselves to be
part of the problem they perceive STRs to be here?

It's a new world, a new economy, and it's one of our making, not Airbnb's.

pmcmartin@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Yamil Lage, AFP, Getty Images, Files; A Cuban woman provides a
reservation service from a laptop in a rental house in Havana. Airbnb offers
short-term rentals in 34,000 cities in 190 countries around the world and is
part of the "sharing economy," a manifestation of peer-to-peer capitalism.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                              May 24, 2002, Friday

Also showing

BYLINE: By DAVID GRITTEN

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 591 words

Biggie and Tupac (15 cert, 108 min)

GIVEN the open espousal of violence in the American hip hop scene, it was hardly
surprising that two of its stars, Biggie Smalls and Tupac Shakur, would end up
being murdered. Yet when British documentary film-maker Nick Broomfield
investigated their deaths, he became enmeshed in a labyrinthine tale.

Initially, the rivalry between the two men's respective record labels was blamed
for the murders. But the laudably assiduous Broomfield dug deeper, posing
uncomfortable questions: why did the FBI and the Los Angeles Police Department
not investigate these crimes more thoroughly?

Broomfield's nerve is admirable: during his enquiries, he traversed Baltimore's
hostile mean streets, and even visited a jail full of murderers. His story is
complex and suffused with corruption. Only Smalls's mother, a dignified woman
who refuses to buy the official line, emerges with much credit. Even those
averse to hip hop will find this watchable and compulsive.

The Majestic (PG cert, 152 min)

IT'S 1951 and a Hollywood screenwriter (Jim Carrey) is about to be blacklisted
for consorting with Commies. He gets drunk, takes a long drive, crashes his car
and ends up with amnesia in a small town. The townsfolk - nice, friendly and
warm past the point of credibility - embrace him; he's the spitting image of a
young war hero, missing for nine years. In recovering his memory, he learns the
values that are important in life: down-home neighbourliness over Hollywood
venality and greed.

The results are oddly mixed: Carrey is fine, and Laurie Holden is appealing as
his small-town squeeze. Knowing and caustic in places, The Majestic is mainly
preachy and self-satisfied. Its climax, with Carrey reading the US Constitution
to the House Un-American Activities Committee, is almost surreally ghastly.
Director Frank Darabont (The Shawshank Redemption) repeatedly cranks up the
emotion and spells everything out at great length. It seems to escape him that
the small-town values espoused here are a mythical construct - concocted by,
yes, Hollywood.

Read My Lips (15 cert, 119 min)

AN elegant French thriller that starts out like a workplace comedy, then takes
intriguing detours. A plain, put-upon office secretary (Emmanuelle Devos) hires
an assistant, a small-time crook on parole (Vincent Cassel). Because she is deaf
and can lip-read, she becomes his accomplice in stealing money from a thuggish
club-owner; the crime is the making of her. Stylish and suspenseful.

Hart's War (15 cert, 125 min)

THREE films in one, and none memorable: a Second World War prisoner-of-war saga,
a courtroom drama, and a plea for racial tolerance in the military. Bruce Willis
is a US colonel in a POW camp, Colin Farrell a young lieutenant out to prove
himself as a soldier and a lawyer. Director Gregory Hoblit conveys the camp's
bleakness, but it's unsurprising, with a story that coheres only tenuously.

Thunderpants (PG cert, 87 min)

A ONE-JOKE movie about a rotund boy whose chronic flatulence is harnessed to
save a space mission. Rupert Grint (who played Ron in Harry Potter) appears as
his science-whiz pal. Adults may yawn, but younger kids will surely get the
giggles at the repetitive farting.

Not Another Teen Movie (15 cert,

89 min)

WE'RE meant to be charmed by the self-deprecating title, but this really is a
pastiche of high-school flicks such as Pretty in Pink and The Breakfast Club.
Witless, lame and boasting a talent-free cast, it comes 15 years too late.
[PS]Features: [ES]

The Arts:

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2002 Telegraph Group Limited


                              570 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 2, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

Jackson Again Criticized as 'Anti-Semite'

BYLINE: By Rick Atkinson, Washington Post Staff Writer; staff writer Juan
Williams and staff researcher Dody Tsiantar contributed to this report.

SECTION: First Section; A4

LENGTH: 914 words


In the second sharp attack in less than a month on Jesse L. Jackson by a
national Jewish leader, the director of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai
B'rith has accused the Democratic presidential candidate of being "an
anti-Semite."

"Let us say it plainly," Nathan Perlmutter said Thursday night when speaking of
Jackson to Jewish community leaders in New York.

"We are dealing with a person whose recorded expressions are those of an
anti-Semite," he commented.

Jackson in recent months has vehemently and repeatedly denied any anti-Jewish
bias. Campaigning in California yesterday before Tuesday's Democratic primary,
he called Perlmutter's allegation "old hat" and said "on the eve of every key
campaign the attack starts again."

Jackson has called for discussions between Arabs, blacks and Jews, while making
such conciliatory gestures as asking Syrian President Hafez Assad to release
Israeli prisoners. Yet the friction between Jackson and American Jews has
shadowed his candidacy virtually since he entered the race last fall.

Perlmutter, who previously has been critical of Jackson's attitude toward Jews
and views on the Middle East, alluded to a number of allegedly anti-Semitic
remarks by Jackson. Some are more than 10 years old and were compiled by the
Anti-Defamation League last October in a 19-page internal memorandum.

"How else view a man who, when annoyed by the press, attributes it to 'Jewish'
domination of the press?" Perlmutter said in explaining his characterization of
Jackson.

"And when critical of labor, blames it on 'Jewish' control of labor unions? When
displeased by a boxing match between a white South African and a black American,
condemns 'Jewish' promoters?

"He has attributed President Nixon's venality to his 'Jewish' advisers, John
Ehrlichman and Bob Haldeman. There are these and more, so many more statements,"
Perlmutter added.

The comments were even sharper than those May 3 by Howard I. Friedman, president
of the American Jewish Committee, who said, "Jesse Jackson's candidacy has been
laced by an attitude toward Jews, which if not anti-Semitic itself is certainly
viewed by Jews as not anti-anti-Semitic, a position which if expressed by most
any other candidate would have long ago spelled the end of the candidacy and
oblivion for the candidate as a public figure."

In a telephone interview from New York yesterday, Perlmutter denied that his
denunciation was timed to influence Tuesday's New Jersey and California
primaries.

"The timing is very simply that this is our annual Anti-Defamation League
meeting," he said. "During the course of the annual meeting we report on matters
of interest to us during the past 12 months."

Although most of the grievances cited against Jackson by Perlmutter date to the
1970s, he made it clear in the interview that it is the candidate's refusal to
disassociate himself from Black Muslim leader Louis Farrakhan that most rankles
the league.

Earlier this year, Farrakhan sparked an uproar by referring to Adolf Hitler as
"a great man but also wicked. Wickedly great."

Among Jackson's earlier statements alluded to by Perlmutter:

* On April 12, 1973, The Colorado Springs (Colo.) Sun quoted Jackson in a speech
as condemning then-President Nixon's insensitivity to the poor as a reflection
of his top advisers.

"Four out of five of them are German Jews and their priorities are on Europe and
Asia," Jackson is quoted as saying. (Most of Nixon's top aides, including
Haldeman and Ehrlichman, were not Jewish).

* In a Sept. 16, 1979, interview with Dan Rather on the CBS "60 Minutes"
television program, Jackson said of the rift between American Jews and blacks:

"We don't own radio stations together, we don't own TV stations together, we
don't own banks together, we do not share in . . . the ownership of the
industries they have begun to get some hold on together. There is no economic
substance in our relationship."

* On Oct. 7, 1979, Jackson was quoted by Chicago newspapers as saying that his
controversial trip to the Mideast had been misrepresented in the American media
by Jewish correspondents. "I have seen very few Jewish reporters that have the
capacity to be objective about Arab affairs," he is quoted as saying by The
Chicago Tribune.

* In a Sept. 1, 1979, column which appeared in the Los Angeles Herald Examiner,
Jackson wrote, "The scheduled heavyweight fight between John Tate, a black
American, and Gerrie Coetzee, the white South African champion . . . represents
humiliation to blacks and concerned whites around the world. It is sponsored by
two Jews, Bob Arum in this country and Saul Kerznik of South Africa."

* In the same column, Jackson added, "There are tensions in the labor movement,
where blacks constitute large percentages of the workers at the bottom, but Jews
dominate the leadership at the top."

Jackson frequently has complained that comments attributed to him are often
"taken out of context." Also, in an interview last February with The Washington
Post, he said, "We just keep reinforcing antagonism based on, 'What did you say
on April 4, 1972?' . . . . Anybody who walks around with a pocketful of dates on
antagonistic quotes is not emotionally prepared to grow."

Perlmutter said in yesterday's interview, "One anti-Semitic statement can be
taken out of context . . . . Three, four, five, six, provide a context. They are
their own context . . . . As to burying the hatchet, his words have thrown
hatchets at people--us."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Perlmutter denies intent to influence Tuesday's voting. By
Lucian Perkins--The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              571 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             July 11, 1971, Sunday

SECTION: Page 42, Column 3

LENGTH: 132 words

Two Per Cent Club, system under which patronage employes kick back 2% of
salaries to pol party that controls their jobs, seen still thriving in Indiana
despite recent attacks by reformers; pol sources estimate state central com of
party in power has been receiving $700,000 a yr under system in recent yrs, with
county and city party orgns getting additional amts; many pol leaders defend
system as source of 'clean money'; hold it enables pol parties to operate
without being subject to influence of major contributors; Whitcomb, who ended
practice for 5,000 state patronage employes under his direct control in Apr,
feels it hurts party in power because party in such circumstances tends to lose
touch with people; other system critics charge it has encouraged venality in
state's politics

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              572 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday
                          5 - All-round Review Edition

Old activist braves the weather

BYLINE: Evan Williams

SECTION: REVIEW; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1224  words


The Company You Keep (M) * * * 1/2

National release

DISTINGUISHED actor, respected director, revered founder of Sundance, star of
many an iconic movie and inspirational mentor to many a young filmmaker, Robert
Redford is perhaps the most admired figure in US cinema. And since the death of
Stanley Kramer, he has comfortably assumed the role of chief Hollywood guardian
of the American conscience. Quiz Show, for me the best of his films, was a
brilliant study of commercial venality and cynicism, an account of the TV quiz
scandals that outraged US opinion in the 1950s. Lions for Lambs focused on the
war in Afghanistan and had something to tell us about the morality of modern
journalism. In his new film, The Company You Keep, he is back on similarly
sensitive ground with a story about the Weathermen Underground, the violent US
protest movement founded by campus radicals in reaction to the Vietnam War.

I suppose you could call it a thriller. There are good guys chasing bad guys.
But since it is never clear who are the good guys or the bad guys, or why we
should regard them as such, this is a thriller without clear-cut villains or
unsullied heroes. As a result, there aren't many thrills. The pace is leisurely,
the emphasis is on character, motive, personality and historical realism. And
the central narrative is fictional. None of this actually happened -- at least
not in the way the story is told. Lem Dobbs's screenplay is based on a novel by
Neil Gordon, and it's the first film since Lambs for Lions in 2007 that Redford
has directed and starred in. He looks terrific, as usual -- that raw Sundance
Kid aura has never deserted him -- but the film lacks passion and energy. It
feels like an old man's picture -- reflective, moralistic, preoccupied with the
past and tinged with a lingering nostalgia for the excesses of youth.

For those who remember those times, these are the qualities that make the film
so fascinating. They were the days of the hated draft, of campus riots and
shootings, when young men were conscripted for the most futile and humiliating
of all wars fought by Americans on foreign soil. Formed by a group of students
and academics at the University of Michigan in 1969, the Weathermen Underground
became a nationwide protest movement, drawing on an odd mixture of Marxist and
black liberation rhetoric and pledged to the violent overthrow of the US
government. They took their name from a line in a Bob Dylan song -- ``You don't
need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows.''

And by modern terrorism standards they were a civilised lot. Their bombings --
targeting banks and public buildings, including the Capitol and the Pentagon --
were preceded by evacuation warnings to minimise casualties. The result was that
no one was killed during any of their raids with the exception of three
Weathermen, who died in an explosion at a Greenwich Village townhouse in 1970.

When we first meet Redford his character is going by the name of Jim Grant, a
respected small-town lawyer in Albany, New York. His wife has died in a car
accident and Jim is caring for their 11-year-old daughter. In reality, as we
soon discover, Jim Grant is a former Weatherman (real name Nick Sloan), who has
spent the past 30 years hiding from the FBI after a bank raid in the 1970s that
resulted in the death of a security guard. When one of his former accomplices,
Sharon Solarz (Susan Sarandon), is arrested for her part in the raid, Grant, a
local lawyer, would seem to be the obvious person to defend her. But he declines
to do so.

Why should any honest lawyer turn down such a case, guaranteed to bring him a
measure of national celebrity? It is a point that intrigues Ben Shepard (Shia
LaBeouf), an eager young reporter on the Albany Sun-Times, who senses a story
and persuades his grumpy editor (Stanley Tucci) to let him investigate Grant's
past. Ben comes up with the story, the Sun-Times publishes the revelation, and
Nick Sloan, his real identity exposed, goes on the run. The only way he can
prove his innocence is to track down a former lover and Weatherman confederate
Mimi Lurie (Julie Christie), who knows what really happened during that bank
raid. But like every other surviving Weatherperson, Mimi has gone into hiding.

The Company You Keep questions a certain kind of investigative journalism that
takes risks with people's lives and reputations. Behind Ben's persistence and
determination (an engagingly chipper performance by LaBeouf, his weightiest
since Transformers) is a ruthless personality. And how ethical are his methods?
It helps to have a former girlfriend (Anna Kendrick) who works for the FBI and
can leak him information. But while we admire Ben's luck and doggedness -- he
sticks to such old-fashioned news-gathering techniques as cultivating contacts,
searching out leads and combing through library archives -- we wonder if he
cares who gets hurt in the process. One of his rules is that if someone being
interviewed doesn't say ``this is off the record'' before the interview, it's
too late say it afterwards. (I'm not so sure about that.) When the cops allow
him to interview Solarz (Sarandon in brilliant form in a smallish role), she
accuses him of treating Weathermen as stereotypes: ``You think we were all a
bunch of doped-up hippies.'' Watching Redford's film we are more likely to treat
them as a bunch of idealistic freedom-fighters and misunderstood social
reformers.

Redford directs in leisurely, almost complacent style. You would think a film
about a national manhunt for a suspected terrorist would generate some suspense,
but suspense isn't the point. This is a chase movie without car chases, sirens
or explosions (though tracker dogs get a look-in in the closing scenes). We
follow Nick's search for Mimi with curiosity rather than absorbed fascination,
with Nick tracking down old friends and associates as we move from Michigan to
New York to California and the Canadian border.

A splendid cast of Hollywood veterans gives the story a depth and resonance that
transcends the mechanics of the plot: Chris Cooper as Nick's brother Daniel (who
looks after Nick's daughter while he's on the run); Nick Nolte as the old friend
who runs a timber yard and knows a thing or two; Richard Jenkins as a history
lecturer whose connections with old radical friends help Nick in his search for
Mimi. It seems that Mimi, among other things, has been smuggling dope into the
US aboard a luxury yacht -- not all ex-Weatherpersons are leading blameless
lives in late middle age.

At the centre of it is Redford himself, hardly ever off the screen -- rugged,
wrinkled, crumpled and copiously golden-haired, and with a countenance of such
manifest beatific goodness that we wonder how we could doubt his innocence. He
carries the film through its two-hour-plus running time, and proves such a
reassuring presence that it never bothers us when the convolutions and
revelations of the story threaten to get out of hand. What fascinates Redford --
and will fascinate audiences, especially those of a certain age -- are the
reminders of a unique period in recent US history when anguish and uncertainty,
broken dreams and a forlorn sense of lost idealism contended for the hearts and
minds of Americans. It's salutary to remember them.

Former Weatherman Bernardine Dohrn speaks to Michael Bodey -- Page 16

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

From MAD to worse

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 410 words


The strategies for limiting the ability of non-nuclear nations to acquire
nuclear weapons are, superficially, simple. If existing nuclear nations
co-operate closely it will be difficult, if not impossible, for non-nuclear
nations to develop weapons. That argument is put in relation to Iran and North
Korea.

The United States persuaded Russia to stop supplying nuclear fuel to Iran to
press Iran to renounce uranium enrichment and agree to fuller inspections by the
United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency. But how long this will hold
is uncertain. In the case of North Korea's unsteady but alarming march towards
acquiring nuclear weapons, it is America's shaky ally in Asia, Pakistan, which
has emerged as a supplier of technology. Pakistan has been hauled into line (and
the venality of its chief nuclear scientist exposed). Again, for how long?

The US strategy relies heavily on Chinese influence, especially in relation to
North Korea but also with Iran and Pakistan. This strategy calls for
international co-operation to a high degree. It is not, however, an
international exercise based on a presumption of equal treatment for all
participants.

Of course, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which came into effect in 1970,
is based on an unequal relationship between the nuclear haves and have-nots. To
the extent that there are now three more haves - India, Israel and Pakistan - it
has failed. The prospect of even more nuclear haves - North Korea and Iran -
underlines its weaknesses.

One of those weaknesses is an in-built double standard. This springs from what
the IAEA's director-general, Mohamed ElBaradei, in Washington this week,
described as "the unworkable notion that it is morally reprehensible for some
countries to pursue nuclear weapons but morally acceptable for others to rely on
them".

The original nuclear powers embraced the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to
curb the growth of nuclear weapons in others' hands and to signal their break
with the idea that had so far preserved humanity: mutually assured destruction
(MAD). Apart from the limited weapons reductions in the 1990s, there has been
precious little to show for the nuclear powers' pledge more than 30 years ago to
take immediate steps towards full disarmament. Dr ElBaradei's call for a return
to this original goal is timely. The nuclear powers' commitment to disarmament
is surely a precondition to their success in persuading non-nuclear states to
stay that way.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    July 29, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Whitewater is literal, metaphorical swamp

BYLINE: HUGH DAVIES; LONDON DAILY TELEGRAPH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D12

LENGTH: 693 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The scandal started in a swamp called Whitewater, 230 acres of Ozark mountain
heaven in a valley by a river that Bill Clinton pounced on to get rich quite
quickly - and a common thread being followed by Kenneth Starr, the independent
counsel, is how the president may have covered his tracks.

Since Starr began his investigation of the president on Aug. 5, 1994, his aim
has been to establish if the Clinton portrait as a reckless womanizer and slick
politician was all there was to find; or if he was guilty of abuse of executive
power.

As Arkansas governor, he was notorious, according to a state trooper, for
offering them lucrative jobs in exchange for their silence about his late-night
trysts with Gennifer Flowers, a night-club singer, and others.

When he failed to deliver on his promise to one, the man said: "We lied for him
and helped him cheat on his wife, and he treated us like dogs."

The assumption is that Starr is now connecting the dots in a pattern of
suspected cover-ups, armed with evidence from others who have either been burned
by their association with him, or have told the truth of what they saw at the
White House.

He tried to get evidence against the president from his partner in the
Whitewater investment, James McDougal, who was convicted by an Arkansas jury of
bank fraud and conspiracy, but proved to be too flip in his manner to be
believable when it came to proof of Clinton venality.

McDougal rambled on to Starr, even suggesting his wife, Susan, slept with the
governor, something she denied.

McDougal refused to answer questions about the president before a grand jury and
was jailed for contempt. Three weeks afterward, Clinton said he had not ruled
out pardons for Whitewater figures.

Clinton gave four hours of videotaped testimony as a defence witness in the
trial of the McDougals, denying under oath that he pressured former Arkansas
judge David Hale to defraud the government by lying to obtain a $ 300,000 loan.

Even Starr's tax case threatening the president's golfing friend, Webster
Hubbell, with more time behind bars unless he threw light on whether he was paid
off for keeping quiet, has fallen apart.

But there is now a report that Jim Guy Tucker, the Democrat who took Clinton's
job as Arkansas governor when he came to the Oval Office, is spilling all sorts
of secrets about his private meetings with the president in a plea-bargain deal.

This is significant because Tucker is supposed to know details of the suspicious
federal loan while he served as Clinton's lieutenant-governor.

The thinking is that with broad evidence of suppression of evidence and even
witness tampering, Starr is preparing a chronology for Congress that would be
far more perilous for Clinton to deal with than a grudging admission that he had
sex with Monica Lewinsky.

Starr began with Hillary Clinton's billing records from her legal work in Little
Rock, Ark., that were apparently put out for shredding but mysteriously surfaced
in her quarters at the White House.

Since then, Starr has trawled through her involvement in the sacking of White
House travel personnel soon after the Clintons arrived in Washington, and the
puzzle over Whitewater documents being spirited out of her friend Vincent
Foster's office just after he shot himself.

There are further questions about the three pages of "talking points" that
Lewinsky says she was given to help her protect the president when she testified
in an unrelated lawsuit brought by Paula Jones, a former Arkansas clerk who
claimed Clinton propositioned her.

The "talking points" memo is emerging as crucial to the current questioning by
Starr of Lewinsky. The memo came to light because Lewinsky confided in Linda
Tripp, a Pentagon official.

Tripp says she did not ask, and did not know, who wrote the document. It was
handed to her on Jan. 14 while Lewinsky was driving her from the Pentagon to
Tripp's home.

This was a week after Lewinsky signed an affidavit in the Jones case denying she
had had a sexual relationship with the president. She has now admitted to
Starr's investigators that she had lied in that affidavit.


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

This week (Aug. 20, 2015)

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


Aug. 19--Thursday

Theatre: Anna Deveare Smith

Best-known for her roles in popular TV series ("West Wing," "Nurse Jackie),"
this playwright and actor originally from Baltimore, Maryland, also is a deeply
committed social activist. For "Notes From the Field: Doing Time in Education,"
Smith, 64, did research and developed some characters in Stockton. It's her 19th
one-woman play -- dating back to the 1992 L.A. riots ("Twilight: Los Angeles").
She'll perform an excerpted version of "Notes From the Field," which explores
the "school-to-prison pipeline" afflicting public education. There'll also be a
discussion, statistics and information on the issue. 7 p.m. The Long Theatre,
University of the Pacific. Free. (917) 623-7553.

Music: Jeramy Norris & the Dangerous Mood

This Stockton blues-guitarist's name is appearing more and more frequently as he
adds experiences to his skill. Norris' Moodmen are bassist Chip Yeager and
drummer George Schuler. 8 p.m. Garlic Brothers, 6629 Embarcadero Drive,
Stockton. (209) 474-6585.

Friday

Theater: "Hair"

Also known as the "American Tribal Love-Rock Musical," this classic remains
relevant 48 years after it shook up Broadway in 1967. Considered almost
outrageous back then, it explores the '60s era of peace and love with sardonic
wit and whimsy. Galt McDermott crafted songs ("Aquarius," "Hair," "Easy to Be
Hard," "Good Morning Sunshine") that became major top-40 hits, mixing a broad
stylistic palette. Gerome Ragne and James Rado wrote the story with McDermott.
Music Circus. 7:30 p.m.; also, 2 and 7:30 p.m. Sat.; 2 p.m. Sun. Wells Fargo
Pavilion, 1419 H St., Sacramento. $40-$83. (916) 557-1999.

Theater: "Macbeth"

One of William Shakespeare tragic masterpieces (1611), the intensity and
sinister shadows of "Macbeth" foretell how the corrosive impacts of political
venality and power still beset the world. 7 p.m.; also 2 and 7 p.m. Sat.; 2 p.m.
Sun., Wed. Sierra Repertory Theatre, 13891 Mono Way, Sonora. $28-$35. (209)
532-3120.

Saturday

Comedy: Ron White

This cigar-smoking, whiskey-drinking, blue-collar comedian calls it his
"nutcracker" tour. The 58-year-old native of Fritch, Texas, also is rolling a
new DVD ("A Little Unprofessional") and "The Rentourage," a weekly video series
allowing people to "hang with Ron." A "free-joke" sample: "I don't know what all
the future holds, but I'm pretty sure I'll be wearing a diaper for some of it."
Nicknamed "Tater Salad," his 2006 book ("I Had the Right to Remain Silent But I
Didn't Have the Ability) was on the New York Times best-seller list. A Vietnam
War veteran, he also helped originate the Blue Collar Comedy Tour with Jeff
Foxworthy, Bill Engvall and Larry the Cable Guy. 7:30 p.m. Bob Hope Theatre, 242
E. Main St., Stockton. $46.25-$56.25. ticketmaster.com.

Music: Pete Escovedo Orchestra

Based in Oakland, Escovedo, 80, an always-influential percussionist, has
pioneered the blending of salsa, Latin jazz, smooth jazz and contemporary pop
during his 65-year career. 8 p.m. Grand Theatre, 715 Central Ave., Tracy.
$25-$45. (209) 831-6858.

Sunday -- Wednesday

Music: Valley Concert Band

It's a free raincheck for this Stockton-based group directed by Chris Anderson.
Its July 1 concert was rained out. The aggregation of local musicians and
teachers has sort of become this 12-concert summer series' house band -- with a
mix of American standards, marches and tunes from the big-band era. Its third
concert in the 2015 series provides an amenable atmosphere for picnicking and,
at least this year, is the final show. 6 p.m. Wed., Victory Park, Stockton.
Free. (209) 464-4016.

Music: Long Time

This Bay Area band -- named for Boston's ("Foreplay/Long Time") -- plays songs
by the classic rockers. They are guitarists Tim Boore and John Poletti; lead
singer Rich Fields; Mike Trucco (keyboard); Bruce Beck (bass); and David Ianni
(drums). 6 p.m. Wed. Hutchins Street Square, 125 S. Hutchins St., Lodi. Free.
(209) 333-5550.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150819-SK-This-week-Aug-20-2015-0819-20150819

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              576 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  March 18, 2003 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

48 HOURS TO WAR;
LET IT END QUICKLY, SO LIVES CAN BE SAVED AND DAMAGE TO U.S. ALLIANCES REPAIRED

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 581 words


THE irreversible moment has come. President Bush has resolved to send the nation
to war. Americans must now brace for the consequences of failed diplomacy.

Thousands of lives, American and Iraqi, are at stake. Our hearts go out to those
about to be swept up in this conflict. We hope that it ends quickly. On this
point, surely all Americans can agree.

On Monday night, the president gave Saddam Hussein a 48-hour ultimatum to
abdicate and the Iraqi military a warning not to defend "a dying regime." What
he didn't give, to Americans, was evidence of an imminent threat to their
security or a convincing explanation for using force now. In that respect,
nothing has changed, other than the finality in his voice, since he first vowed
to disarm Saddam months ago.

Once again, the president described the venality of Saddam and the threat that
weapons of mass destruction present. On this point, no one has disagreed. Saddam
has to be neutered. The question always has been how.

The president called for Saddam and his sons to leave Iraq within 48 hours. Bush
knows, as we all do, that won't happen.

Using force, Bush argued, requires "fortitude" that only America and a thin
coalition have. Not using force, the rest of the world argued, requires
patience. It's not a "question of will," as Bush said. Rather, it's a matter of
wisdom.

The president is gambling on a decisive war with few deaths, both of Americans
and Iraqi civilians -- one that will minimize the damage to Iraq and to
America's ties to its allies.

In rebuilding Iraq after the war, America will need help from the international
community that it has spurned. A quick war could make those ruptures easier to
mend.

The decision to invade Iraq without the explicit endorsement of the United
Nations remains unwise. It leaves America isolated from all but a few friends
and distrusted by much of the world. It jeopardizes the success of the war on
terrorism for which the overthrow of Saddam became an excuse. It has undermined
the United Nations -- an organization still vital to a more stable world. It
rationalizes the use of pre-emptive force, a dangerous concept that other
nations will cite, to America's regret.

War might have been avoided, had the administration been sincere about averting
it. The passage last fall of a Security Council resolution demanding the return
of weapons inspectors was a triumph of American persuasion. But after agreeing
to turn to the United Nations, the administration undermined that effort. Mixed
messages raised doubts about America's motives. By sending a quarter-million
troops to Iraq's border, Bush showed mistrust of diplomacy and of the arms
inspection process.

In the end, America and Britain could not persuade a majority of Security
Council nations to pass a resolution.

The risks now are immense, not just to America's soldiers but also to
itsstanding. Bombs over Baghdad may unleash menacing forces. The threat of
chemical weapons against U.S. forces is real. A messy siege of Baghdad is
possible. The chance of renewed terrorist attacks in this country is distinct,
as the president acknowledged. The war footage of dead Iraqis will be Al-Qaida's
next recruitment video.

Despite this peril, the decision to go to war is behind us. Whatever guided us
to this point, let wisdom and compassion guide us from here -- and let this
conflict end swiftly, for the sake of Americans, the Iraqi people, and all
others caught in the wake of war.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL
The opinion of the Mercury News

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: DAVID P. GILKEY -- DETROIT FREE PRESS
A tank from the U.S. Army's 3rd Infantry Division sits in the glow of sunrise
Monday in the Kuwaiti desert.

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 12, 1989, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

ESSAY;
The New Soviet Mafia

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section A; Page 29, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 748 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


If you were a racketeer seeking huge monetary reward with little potential of
getting caught, what racket would you choose and where would you go?

Forget drugs and Central America. Forget insider trading and Wall Street. The
racket and place with real growth potential is in speculating in the interstices
of perestroika in today's Soviet Union.

In Leningrad last week, and again in Riga, capital of Soviet-occupied Latvia, I
heard the Italian word ''mafia'' used frequently. It does not signify the
Italian crime organization, or its American offshoot, whose venality Western
moviegoers have come to venerate.

To Soviet citizens, the mafia is the spreading underground organization of
speculatori and corrupt apparatchiks. This economic cancer has long been
growing, but with the advent of the first stage of perestroika - 1 per-cent of
whoopee capitalism in an otherwise rigidly controlled economy - the cancer has
metastasized.

To introduce a productive market system after 70 years of state-owned decline,
Mikhail Gorbachev permitted the creation of a relatively few ''cooperatives'' -
markets and restaurants operated for profit, often in real Western money.

As intended, this created a class of entrepreneurs. Perhaps not as intended, the
new capitalists were given monopolies by bureaucrats in charge of scarce goods.
Result: a combination of business and politics that has perfected the kickback
economy.

The Soviet mafia prospers in the midst of general adversity. At fixed-price
state stores, customers line up all day for whatever tawdry merchandise or wormy
apples they can get; but in enterprises where supply and demand is permitted,
the good meat sells for $15 per kilo - one-tenth the average worker's monthly
wage.

The resentment is palpable; the Soviet citizen seethes inside when told his
rubles are no good at a domestic airport snack bar. People have lost faith in
the value of their currency, which is another way of saying they have no faith
in the way society is organized. Item: The jewelry store in Leningrad that was
once the House of Faberge is cleaned out of merchandise, especially anything
with gold -not from thievery, but from a run on jewelry by customers eager to
hoard anything tangible and portable.

Item: Almost every taxi driver is a black market money-changer on the side. At
the official rate, a Westerner has to pay nearly $2 for one ruble; on the black
market, the $2 buys 20 rubles in Leningrad, 30 in Riga. Tourists are often duped
with Yugoslav dinars, but the real victim of black-marketing is the Soviet
consumer.

The newest ''new class'' is the payoff enterpriser, chosen and protected by the
old new class of apparatchiks, accumulating fistfuls of rubles and gaining
control of all luxuries like decent clothes and good food. Created to introduce
a market system, a noble idea, they promptly cornered the market.

The reason the pilot project of a taste of capitalism is failing is that it was
not ambitious enough; Mr. Gorbachev did not have the nerve or the power needed
to make it all free all at once. Instead, he created the conditions for rampant
corruption.

Now a fake official price exists alongside a real market price; the gap is the
playground for racketeers. As the Government, to allay unrest at home, turns
toward the West to buy consumer goods, the potential for corruption escalates;
Communist officials have become the middlemen in the burgeoning East-West trade.

The profit on the product and material allocation is compounded by the vigorish
on the black-market currency rates; we're talking billions here in hard currency
for the power elite, and rising anger in the minds of what used to be called the
masses.

The popular heroes in the Soviet Union today are a couple of prosecutors of the
mafia, Telman Gdlyan and Nikolai Ivanov. They jailed Brezhnev's son-in-law and
are threatening Yegor Ligachev; this has suited Mr. Gorbachev's power purposes,
but soon they may reach out for mafia members he put in place.

The pity is that his toe-in-the-water approach, his failure to take the plunge
into capitalism on an equal basis, has given free enterprise a bad name; now the
co-ops are being cut back.

The genius of capitalism, Western-style, is in the way government levels the
field of competition, making it possible for natural greed to drive the engine
of economic and social progress. The venality of capitalism perestroika-style is
that it joins political and economic power to gouge the public.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              578 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

John Baer: Our state lawmakers are tops ... when it comes to staff numbers

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 764 words


READERS OF my rants about the size/cost of our Legislature, the largest in the
land with a tab running more than $334 million a year, might be interested to
know that it now has the largest staff in the land.

That honor (?) used to be New York's. No longer.

The 2008 annual House employee list names 2,245 paid staffers. Senate Chief
Clerk Russ Faber says that the Senate number is 911 (perhaps indicating we have
an emergency?), bringing the total to 3,156.

That includes some temporary positions, but is hundreds more than other big
states, an average of 12.5 staffers for each of our 253 lawmakers.

A National Conference of State Legislatures survey six years ago (a follow-up is
underway and expected this summer) found Pennsylvania second in staff size only
to New York, with no other state close.

New York legislative officials tell me that staffs recently were cut, and are
still being cut, for the sake of economy and efficiency, and now total fewer
than 2,500. Pennsylvania's legislative staff has increased since the survey.

I never understood why the sixth-largest state needs the largest legislature
(technically, New Hampshire's is larger, but part-time; its 424 lawmakers are
paid $100 a year), especially given the legislature's performance, venality and,
if you believe the state attorney general, level of corruption.

I sure don't understand why we need the largest staff - especially as thousands
of regular state workers face layoffs.

Our bloated Legislature has a bloated underbelly.

The 26-member Philadelphia House delegation alone paid 210 staffers more than
$7.7 million last year.

Pay ranged from a few hundred dollars for temporary employees to $152,035 for
the director of Rep. Dwight Evans' House Appropriations Committee, Miriam Fox.

(This, by the way, is less than was paid Fox's GOP counterpart, Edward Nolan,
who works for committee Minority Chairman Rep. Mario Civera, R-Delaware County.
Nolan was paid $183,602.)

Staff size for Philly members is below the Legislature's average and runs from
as few as three for newer members to 33 for Evans.

A few city lawmakers are above the average. Veteran Republican John Taylor has
15 staffers, veteran Democrat Bob Donatucci has 14.

Because Republican Dennis O'Brien was House speaker last year, his payroll was
inflated by so-called institutional employees: House Counsel Clancy Myer, for
example, was paid $168,821, and Chief Clerk Roger Nick, $165,302.

Most legislative salaries are much less, but 40 House employees (nine working
for Philly members) and, according to published reports, 33 Senate employees
made more than $100,000 last year.

The highest-paid staffer was GOP counsel Brett Feese, a former House member from
Lycoming County: $203,458.

Gov. Rendell's salary is $174,914.

Base pay for rank-and-file lawmakers is $78,315, but the job, with perks and
benefits, is really six figures.

Why so many legislative aides?

House Speaker Keith McCall tells me that he's "very concerned about the size of
the complement" and working to reduce it.

Senate Democrats just announced a hiring freeze. Senior aides of both parties in
both chambers say that they've cut costs and staff and are studying ways to do
more.

But when lawmakers study something, that means that they hire someone else with
your money to do their work.

One study is under a three-month, $150,000, no-bid contract that House Democrats
gave to Philly lawyer and former assistant U.S. Attorney Chris Casey, brother of
Democratic U.S. Sen. Bob Casey Jr.

(Full disclosure: Chris Casey has represented the Daily News on a number of
media legal issues.)

When I ask House Democratic Leader Todd Eachus why a former prosecutor who, at
the Philly firm Dilworth Paxson, specializes in white-collar criminal defense,
antitrust and media-related litigation, is a good choice for a staff-efficiency
study, he says, "When you hire an attorney from the firm you hire the firm, and
the firm has capacity."

He also concedes that Casey is helping the caucus with issues related to an
ongoing corruption probe by state Attorney General Tom Corbett.

Eachus aide Bill Thomas says that the amount of the Casey contract needs to "be
put into context." He says that Casey recommended cutting other contracts for
legal work and public relations totaling $2.7 million.

Which makes me think, dude, that I've recommended cutting contracts and staff
for years - for free.

I still do. There's no reason for us to be number one in size and cost unless or
until we're number one in performance and integrity. *

Send e-mail to baerj@phillynews.com.

For recent columns, go to

http://go.philly.com/baer

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            October 5, 1993, Tuesday

THEATRE / The pity of war; Jeffrey Wainwright on Tara Arts' production of
Troilus and Cressida at the Contact Theatre, Manchester

BYLINE: JEFFREY WAINWRIGHT

SECTION: ARTS PAGE; Page 14

LENGTH: 529 words


Shakespeare is our familiar, he is ''ours''. In Illyria or Denmark he is still
English and so we know what he is about. Whatever variations producers devise, a
sense usually comes across of the work being approached from the inside.

This is not the assumption of Jatinder Verma's new Tara Arts / Contact
production of Troilus and Cressida. His intention is to defamiliarise. The
predominantly Asian styling of the show (designed by Magdalen Rubalcava) -
burnt-orange tunics, music, dance and the powerful use of Indian martial arts -
is the most prominent means to this. But Steve Roberts has also lit the
wide-open stage almost exclusively from the top and side. Little light is shed
from our direction - we are not the sun that illuminates this world.

The lovers are played by male actors, Troilus by Andrew Mallett in the classic
English style of strong enunciation and upright presence (and very well too),
Cressida by Yogesh Bhatt with a muted vulnerability at its most expressive as
she stands alone before the lecherous appraisal of the Greeks. They do no more
than pass her shawl around but the sense of violation is potent.

Cressida here is emphatically victim rather than faithless coquette; but, in
Verma's production, she is a victim of the Greeks rather than of the men of both
sides. Modern views of the play have tended to insist on the sordid venality of
Greek and Trojan alike as the meaningless war drags on. Here the Greeks'
posturing pomposity is conveyed by their ludicrously mannered speech and
movement, but the Trojans are altogether more sympathetically presented. In a
play usually taken to be anti-heroic, they have more than a measure of heroism
restored to them.

It is, however, an embattled, defeated heroism. Verma sees Troy as the besieged
East (Bosnia, British Asians), and the Greeks as the triumphalist West at its
most self- confident and xenophobic. In any production the role of Thersites is
pivotal. The sardonic wisdom of Shelley King's ''bitter fool'' comes not from a
comic grotesque, but from a dignified, if world-weary, servant. It is
theoretically an interesting interpretation, but, in practice, limiting.
Moreover, playing Thersites as a dispassionate commentator runs counter to the
overall interpretation, since his viewpoint is so relentlessly reductive:
cuckolds versus cuckold- makers, no more, no less.

But, then, this is a difficult play, both thematically and technically: with its
profusion of talkative characters and its odd construction, it is always a
challenge to the audience. This production does not do enough to ease the
difficulties. The story is simply not told clearly enough. The uniform
costuming, elegant as it is, makes it yet harder for the cast of seven to make
each of three, or even five, characters distinguishable, and despite its visual
colour, the production often seems flat and one-paced. Demandingly against the
liberal grain, the approach to the text is fascinating; but, especially for the
young audiences Contact aims at, it is vital that the basic narrative should be
equally absorbing.

- To 23 Oct, Contact Theatre, Devas St (University): 061-274 4400


LOAD-DATE: October 05, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                              580 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                Guardian Weekly

                                 July 13, 1986

Unfair to the Elizabethans

BYLINE: William Rayner, Muriel Road, Norwich.

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 254 words


The comparison that Jane McLoughlin makes between the "often obnoxious young
people" in the City and Drake, Raleigh and Sir Philip Sidney is unjust and
inaccurate (July 6).  None of these men was an "odious exhibitionistic bore."

Drake was a resourceful and courageous leader and a skilled seaman.  Sir Walter
Raleigh was the author of some of our finest poems as well as a scholarly
history.  He also researched into chemistry, if we are to believe Aubrey.  Sir
Philip Sidney's Arcadia and his sonnets are major works of literature.

It is crazy to compare them with jejune youths ripping off the world at the
behest of some greedy financiers.

The grace and courage shown by Raleigh and Sidney at their deaths have no
relevance at all to the venality and squalor of contemporary London.  Can you
imagine a commodities dealer giving away valuable water to a dying man as Sidney
did at Zutphen?  Even Philip II was moved when he heard of Sir Philip's death.

It is unlikely that men (and women) engaged in starving half the world and
swindling the other half would make half so good an end.  Odious and
exhibitionistic?  Has Ms McLoughlin read an account of Raleigh's execution?

Although our country is now a mere colony of the US, existing by money lending,
tourism and arms peddling, we do not have to drag past heroes down to our own
degraded level.  The mere mention of Drake, Raleigh and Sidney sets off the
dreary, nasty and contemptible world that Ms McLoughlin describes in the rest of
her article.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Publication, Ltd.


                              581 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

             September 10, 1994, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Supporting cast fleshes out Playland's fantasy

BYLINE: By Larry Fineberg

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. J19

LENGTH: 738 words


   Playland

by John Gregory Dunne

Random House, 494 pages, $32.50

JOHN GREGORY DUNNE's new novel Playland is about Hollywood, Las Vegas, the past
and human frailty. It deals with time spent, a search for meaning and the
possibility of forgiveness.

Like Dunne's past novels, True Confessions, The Red White And Blue and Dutch
Shea, Jr. its territory encompasses abusive use of intelligence, violent humor
and an acceptance of a world riddled with venality and stupidity, where goodness
generally dies and mediocrity always triumphs.

Playland is narrated by Jack Broderick, a successful screenwriter with little
self-respect. His billionaire father crippled him emotionally, and his
profession as well-paid hack offers scant compensations beyond money.
Broderick's style, like Dunne's, is irony and while in Detroit "researching"
material for a corrupt detective film, he stumbles on former child film star
Baby Blue Tyler.

In her heyday she was a kind of Judy Garland, but her later escapades with
drugs, sex and a liaison with gangster- turned-film producer Jacob King sent her
into exile. Blue, "a child-woman who had never really been a child but from the
age of 4 only a capital asset . . . understood years before puberty that her
body, especially the part between her legs, had a greater currency even than
money."

Living in a trailer park in reduced circumstances, Blue consents to tell
Broderick about the past. He is searching for anything that will provide meaning
in his life, as he has just cheated death in a car crash that killed his wife
Lizzie, whom he still, perhaps, loved, although she was preparing to divorce
him.

Best typifying Playland's tone is Dunne's ironic twist in having Broderick
telling Lizzie of the Nazis' method of guillotining victims in France - taping
their eyelids open so they are forced to look straight up at the blade - just
before his Mercedes is hit by a Fiat Spider.

As Broderick tries to fill in the many gaps in Blue's "recollections" of her
life and times, he is driven to seek other sources, especially since Blue
decides she has told enough, and, preferring mystery to revelation, flees back
to self-imposed obscurity.

The most interesting source is Chuckie O'Hara, Blue's frequent director. A
shrewd showman, O'Hara attracted a lot of attention when he admitted to being a
Communist at the HUAC hearings. "He unbuckled that old-fashioned prosthetic
device with all the straps, laid it on the witness table, and . . . respectfully
declined to name names, all the time massaging that raw stump of the leg he lost
on Orange Beach." Another source is Arthur French, son of J. F. French, a Louis
B. Mayer-like owner of the studio that made Blue famous. French hoped to marry
Blue but she wouldn't say yes, and her affair with the mobster King ended the
possibility of a respectable marriage. King really loves Blue, and wants to
produce her films. He wants to go beyond being a classy hit man.

The spine of Playland is King's obsession with building a gambling palace in Las
Vegas. He goes from lowly gangster to obsessed builder in the desert, and in his
obsession to succeed and raise himself from his origins, Dunne tries to bring
dimension to a character whose story is hardly new. And in creating Blue
herself, Dunne has the difficult task of fleshing out a woman whose life has
been horrific and full, but for all the different perspectives we are given,
never seems unique.

Real sympathy for Blue comes late in the book, when she gives voice to a longing
for the child she had snatched away from her by the studio to keep her career
alive. Blue's letters to her unknown daughter ("Happy birthday, baby, wherever
you are now") are poignant and arresting, but the novel is almost done.

Dunne flourishes in sketching gangsters and their patois. He has amazing jokes,
all centring around the mechanics of murder, he is an adroit choreographer of
mayhem with malice, and his 84-pound hitman dying of cancer is as unforgettable
as his wonderful corrupt rabbi, red-bating congressmen, mobsters' lawyers who
are sleazier than their masters, and lawyers' molls who are invariably more
intelligent than the men they must keep company with.

It is Dunne's supporting cast that keep Playland floating in its sea of bile,
even when its two central characters and their story never achieve full focus.

Larry Fineberg is a Toronto-based playwright.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: JOHN GREGORY DUNNE: Author is most adept at drawing gangsters
and their molls.

                  Copyright 1994 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              582 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 20, 1984, Saturday, Final Edition

Of Manners, Motives And Mystery;
VILLA APHRODITE.  By Thomas Baird.  St. Martin's.  297 pp.  $14.95.

BYLINE: By Frances Koestler

SECTION: Style; Book World; C3

LENGTH: 709 words


Assemble under the roof of a spacious Florentine villa a 75-year-old gentlewoman
of subtle mind and delicate sensibility, the even older nobleman who has been
her lover for 25 years, an embittered homosexual dealer in rare books, a pompous
scholar, a depressed young music student, a raunchy sculptress. Introduce into
this faintly decadent mixture the yeasty ferment of four visitors from the
United States. Season with liberal quantities of love, pride, envy, venality,
suspicion, ambition and secrecy, and you have the ingredients of a titillating
tale.

There are more than a dozen principals in this complex narrative of how
relationships in a stagnant, introverted society are shaken up by the arrival of
the Americans. Signora Madeleine Benassi is the owner of the villa (locally
known as Villa Aphrodite because of the flamboyant behavior of its former
owner), which she has converted into a kind of demi-pensione, not because she
needs the income but because she wants the companionship. The impoverished
nobleman Ricoverini, the Marchese dei Guidoni, is her longtime lover; his
ancestral palace is mortgaged to the hilt. The misanthropic book dealer James
Molyneux has spent 20 lean years in Italy on the income from a small
inheritance. John Battle Davenport is a retired American professor engaged in
research for a book he confidently expects to be the definitive work on the
artist Raphael.

The first of the Americans to arrive in Florence is Mark Stapleton, a California
youth backpacking his way through Europe, who carries a letter of introduction
to Molyneux and has also accidentally made the acquaintance of Signora Benassi.
Hard on his heels comes a wealthy elderly heiress named Emilene Ladore. She is
given to wearing a red wig, is homesick for Texas, is dubious about Italian
sanitary standards and is uneasy in the company of her official escort, Dr.
Wesley Knuckles, and Wesley's niece Laurie, whose function is to serve as

The reviewer is a New York writer and editor. Emilene's companion. The three
have come to Italy so that Wesley can introduce the homespun heiress to the
glories of Renaissance art, with the object of persuading her to use her
inheritance to establish a center for Renaissance studies.

The plot, as intertwined as a bowlful of spaghetti, centers on such events as
James' discovery of a valuable drawing, possibly a Raphael, hidden in a book the
marchese has given him to sell, the signora's decision that she and the marchese
should finally be married, the disappearance of seven silver teaspoons, the
snoopings and spyings and tattlings in an art library, the devious maneuvers
Wesley uses to gain endorsement for the foundation he expects to head, James'
passionate love for the unspecting Mark, who is himself in pursuit of Laurie.
There are numerous subsidiary strands in what is almost too dense a mixture of
plot and subplot. In the end, as the signora says, "We all get part of what we
want -- which is perhaps all that we deserve."

What the reader deserves from this author is more careful attention to style.
Thomas Baird seems not to know that cadence is as essential to literature as
proportion is to art. The book is peppered with such clumsy locutions as "He was
discreet to a wonder," "James could help himself by helping Ricky, whom he much
liked," "One would have taken her for a bureaucrat from one of the People's
Republics rather than for an Italian, she was dumpy and dowdy, like that."

This would also have been a better book if the author had refrained from
trotting out his expertise at every junction. A professor of art history at
Trinity College, he takes for granted that his readers are as knowledgeable, or
even as interested, as he is in the technicalities of art and architecture. In
the very first paragraph we read about "lettering as fine as that on a Flavian
entablature." Or, to take another example, does everyone know what is meant by
the Stanzaof Heliodorus, one of the keys to authenticating James' discovery? The
author does not bother to explain that it means a room in the Vatican decorated
by Raphael.

More meticulous editing would have made a helpful difference in this
entertaining fairy-tale comedy of manners, motives and human frailties.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              583 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 26, 2003 Saturday 0 South Pinellas Edition

"Angel' hangs up its wings

BYLINE: ERIC DEGGANS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1698 words


Just ask any TV expert: When it comes to television series, a life span of nine
months is an achievement. So don't read too much into the fact that tonight
marks the beginning of the end for CBS's religious drama Touched by an Angel,
which wraps up after nine seasons in a two-episode finale that concludes Sunday
night.

"I calculate the life span of TV shows by dog years plus two," said Robert
Thompson, head of the Center for the Study of Popular Television at Syracuse
University, concluding that Touched is verging on 65 years old under his
somewhat unorthodox analysis.

"Its popularity is overwhelmed by the age of the show."

Indeed, Touched by an Angel - long viewed as a curious success fueled by the
aging audience of 60 Minutes on Sundays - became a TV relic in recent years,
offering stories on the power of God's love while its network was raking in
millions exposing people's venality on shows such as Survivor and CSI.

But at a time when the world seems fractured by religious conflicts and unstable
as ever, there would seem to be no better time for a show that dramatizes the
influence of angels in the lives of everyday folks.

So why is Touched by an Angel leaving the TV universe?

"This is a business of ratings," said co-star Della Reese of the show, which
once ranked as TV's second-highest-rated drama, but now places 97th among
network series two years after moving to Saturdays, scoring just above
already-canceled CBS shows Queens Supreme and Robbery Homicide Division.

"When the show was on Sunday, we were a (program) that people came home and
extended their Sunday services with," said Reese, 71, a minister who leads the
Understanding Principles for Better Living Church in Los Angeles. "People are
out on Saturday nights. It changed our audience base."

Still, experts say the show's TV legacy is undeniable.

"(Touched) broke barriers to having an openly spiritualized, fictionalized story
in prime time," said John Rash, senior vice president and director of broadcast
negotiations at Campbell Mithun, a Minneapolis advertising agency.

"Americans seem more comfortable with spirituality, as opposed to specific
denominational characterizations," Rash said. "The angels were nondenominational
and represented a broad, Judeo-Christian ethic. Touched by an Angel managed to
be both compelling, but also nonthreatening, to most viewers."

In other words, Touched's blend of religious fealty, open-minded values (some
shows centered on accepting ethnic diversity and gay people) and vague theology
helped the program walk a thin tightrope between all types of Christian faiths
in America.

Executive producer Martha Williamson (The Facts of Life) adapted Touched by an
Angel in 1993 from a much darker vision advanced by producer John Masius (St.
Elsewhere, Providence). Few thought Masius' original vision could succeed - not
even Reese, who filmed the first, ill-fated pilot with co-star Roma Downey in
1993.

"I was an angel who had a cigarette habit . . . a chain smoker. Roma and I
disliked each other. It was a really hateful script," said Reese, who only took
the job because it paid well and she could vacation with her husband in
Wilmington, N.C. "I was operating under the impression that this would never
sell . . . and it didn't."

CBS rejected the pilot, commissioning Williamson to create a more friendly
series capitalizing on the public's short-lived fascination with angels.
Williamson, a devout Christian, recast show-biz vet Reese and TV movie actor
Downey as Tess and Monica, compassionate angels dispatched to Earth to help
people who find themselves at a crossroads.

Reese, who had watched TV executives plan story lines minutes after co-star Redd
Foxx died during a rehearsal for the CBS series The Royal Family, initially
wasn't interested in signing on to Williamson's vision. Then, with her husband
urging her to take the part, Reese consulted her most important adviser.

"I prayed . . . and I remember God's words: He said, "Do this for me, and you
can retire,' " she said. "What better word can you get?"

At first, the show's performance was anything but heavenly. Debuting Thursdays
at 8 p.m. in 1994, Touched's first run of 13 episodes ranked 77th. Fearing the
heavy hand of cancellation, Williamson hit religious shows such as The 700 Club
to persuade CBS to keep the show alive.

A move in fall 1996 to Sundays exploded the show's viewership, funneling the
tremendous (and older-skewing) audience of 60 Minutes into a series that proved
the perfect bridge to the network's once-popular made-for-TV movies.

"For a long time, when the least objectionable programming philosophy was the
norm, religion remained the last frontier . . . the last place networks feared
to tread," said Syracuse University's Thompson, noting that even NBC's series
about an angel on Earth, Michael Landon's 1984 drama Highway to Heaven, was much
vaguer about its celestial connections than Touched by an Angel.

"Angel took the concept of Highway to Heaven and made it much more specific," he
said. "And now that (TV executives) realize people don't nearly have the problem
with this stuff they originally thought, you see it much more often."

True enough, series such as The Practice, Oz, NYPD Blue and The Sopranos have
recently juggled story lines on religion, faith and prayer. But there remains a
serious dearth of programs that focus on religion or religious concepts. Series
born during the '90s angel boom such as Nothing Sacred, Teen Angel, Soul Man and
Cupid are long gone, with the WB's 7th Heaven, about a minister's family,
remaining the sole survivor.

"It's surprising in a country where 50 percent of the people proclaim regular
church attendance, that there are not more TV references - let alone series -
that deal directly with Americans' spiritual lives," said Campbell Mithun's
Rash. "Nearly any program that characterizes a person of the cloth in a specific
fashion, such as Nothing Sacred or Miracles, brings out more controversy and
potentially alienates viewers."

TV fan Angela Mitchell fears Touched by an Angel's departure can be linked to
troubles experienced by other so-called genre shows - series that feature
occurrences outside conventional reality - including the SciFi series Farscape
(canceled), the horror/action show Buffy the Vampire Slayer (in its final
season), the superhero show Birds of Prey (canceled), the Buffy spin-off Angel
(questionable) and her favorite, ABC's darkly spiritual adventure show,
Miracles.

From her home in Hollywood (Florida, not California), Mitchell has helped lead a
fan drive to save Miracles, which stars Skeet Ulrich as an investigator of
miracles who begins to realize the devil may be causing some of them.

Mitchell wondered if Miracles' spiritual component has doomed it in a way that
has also hobbled Touched by an Angel.

"In this new (TV) climate, it seems the bigger the issue, the less likely a show
will succeed," said Mitchell, who has joined other fans in taking out an ad to
support the show in next week's Daily Variety. "I like a show that will let me
think about big issues, but let me think about them in a comfortable
environment. I wonder, if Touched by an Angel were a new show, could it succeed
in this environment?"

Touched by an Angel's finale reveals how the series navigated such tricky
territory, featuring Downey's Monica up for promotion to Tess' position as a
supervisor of angels. But she must first face a final, challenging case: helping
the town of Ascension recover from a school boiler explosion that killed all of
the area's children.

Longtime fans will find a long procession of guest stars returning to the show
for a final fling, including Patrick Duffy, Randy Travis, Cloris Leachman, Paul
Winfield, Marion Ross and Patty Duke.

Scott Bairstow is the mysterious drifter who winds up accused of causing the
explosion; M+A+S+H alum David Ogden Stiers is Satan, incarnated as a charismatic
attorney. (How appropriate is that?)

As you might expect, the conclusion plays on issues of redemption and sacrifice
that Christians know well. And the lessons come by personifying figures such as
the Angel of Death, Satan and even God in ways the viewer might not expect.

"We didn't deal in religion, we dealt in spirituality," said Reese. "When Sept.
11 came, we were (one of) the only shows around that didn't have something to do
with murder or war or horrendous situations. When we started, there was only T&A
(on TV)."

Touched by an Angel also is one of the last surviving series to employ CBS's old
formula for TV drama - which builds a show around an established older star,
surrounded by younger faces, revolving around a open-ended concept that allows
the network to plug in a succession of guest stars, Love Boat-style (Craig T.
Nelson's Saturday cop show, The District, fits this form).

Classic series, from Diagnosis Murder to Murder She Wrote and Walker, Texas
Ranger have used the same setup - which brought strong audiences for years, but
more recently has guaranteed the kind of older, female-skewing audiences most
big-ticket advertisers don't value.

So it's no surprise that Touched's overtly religious themes and old school
formatting might seem quaint stacked next to the crackling police dramas and
reality shows now filling CBS's schedule.

"Any drama has a hard time adding viewers in its later seasons," noted Campbell
Mithun's Rash. "This show has the additional chronological challenge of airing
on Saturday night on CBS, traditionally one of the least-attractive time periods
for younger viewers. The show has aged, and its audience has come along with
it."

Years past a well-publicized dispute with producers over her salary and open
about the fact that she and Williamson didn't always see eye to eye, Reese
already seems ready to move on (she only appears in a handful of scenes in the
show's finale).

"Nine years of one character . . . thinking the same thoughts, progressing the
same way, doesn't give you much room to do other things," she said. "Don't get
me wrong, it was a blessing. But it's like the old hymn, "Free at last, free at
last . . . thank God almighty, I'm free at last.' "

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CBS; Roma Downey and Della Reese in Touched by an Angel

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              584 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            October 19, 2007 Friday

ITV admits fake phone-in scandal will cost £18m: Shares drop to lowest levels
since Grade's arrival: All 'red button' TV voting has been suspended

BYLINE: Richard Wray, Communications editor

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 648 words


ITV yesterday admitted that the cost of the fake phone-in scandal had ballooned
to £18m as it promised to return £7.8m to viewers of primetime shows such as Ant
& Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and X Factor who took part in rigged phone votes
and competitions.

Shares in the company dropped to their lowest level since Michael Grade took
over as executive chairman, at the start of the year, as ITV published a
scathing report into the scandal by accountants Deloitte which catalogued a
series of deliberate deceptions and technical blunders.

Mr Grade apologised for misleading viewers, adding that the publication of the
report was "a plea of guilty, this is not an attempt to hide anything or excuse
anything. This is a full confession".

But he stressed that "there is no evidence anywhere in the Deloitte report to
suggest that the motivation of people involved in these incidents was anything
other than to get a better show on the air, in their judgment, in their
misguided judgment in many cases, but there is no venality, there is no
corruption and there is no criminal activity".

He said there had been a "serious cultural failure within ITV" with
programme-makers failing to realise that inviting the public to directly
participate in the outcome of a show meant giving over some of their precious
editorial control by accepting the public's choices.

Although the report found no evidence that any deception was carried out to make
money, it highlighted "serious editorial issues" with the way three programmes -
Soapstar Superstar, Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and Ant and Dec's
Gameshow Marathon - were produced.

The report shows that producers interfered with the results of votes and rigged
competitions to produce what they thought would be more entertaining programmes.
It also found "serious technical issues" surrounding the text and interactive
"red button" voting for X Factor - especially the show's final in 2005 - I'm A
Celebrity Get Me Out of Here last year and Dancing on Ice in March, with
millions of votes failing to arrive in time. On 30 occasions viewers were also
duped into calling unwinnable competitions on ITV Play as the show was being
repeated an hour later on ITV2+1, because the programme-makers had forgotten to
put "lines closed" on the screen.

There had been speculation ahead of the publication of the report that it would
lead to the resignation of senior directors. But Mr Grade said the company had
wanted to get to the root of the problem with phone-ins and potential
whistleblowers would have been dissuaded from coming forward if they feared for
their job.

"It was very, very important to get to the truth in this inquiry and to have
conducted a witch-hunt on the basis of fear that you were going to get fired if
you owned up to anything would not have produced as full and frank and honest
and clear a picture as this report has produced," he said. "From today it is a
very very different story," he stressed. "Zero tolerance starts today. Nobody
can be in any doubt, who works for ITV or with ITV, that there is a line, they
know where the line is, they know what is expected of them and they will be in
very serious trouble indeed if they cross that line"

At the time of its half year results, ITV set aside £5m to deal with the
financial repercussions of the premium rate phone services scandal. Since then
regulator Ofcom has levied a £2m fine on GMTV and the company has had to
shoulder the cost of the Deloitte report and other investigations into its
phone-ins. As a result the broadcaster yesterday said it will make an £18m
provision for the scandal this year.

The company has suspended all text and interactive "red button" voting while
phone-in voting will only be used on shows which have a lengthy voting period,
such as X Factor, which enters its final phase on Saturday, and next month's I'm
A Celebrity. . .

MediaGuardian.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 18, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Post-Quality

SECTION: Section 2; Column 4; Arts and Leisure Desk; NEW YORK'S MUSEUMS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 141 words



To the Editor:

Michael Kimmelman decries the low standards and circusy pop culture ambitions of
New York's art museums with crocodile tears. He and many other art critics bear
a heavy responsibility for the disastrously low culture in our supposed ''high
culture'' institutions.

Over the last 30 years or so the era of so-called ''postmodernism'' has been
based on the destruction of aesthetic values, authenticity and judgments of
quality in art. Other criteria ruled: politics, fashion, careerism, vanity and
venality. These weighed upon art before, of course, but never so thoroughly
dominated it.

Until this philistine basis is comprehensively supplanted, the art world will
not have the capability to live up to its responsibility ''to cherish and
preserve culture for posterity,'' as much as Mr. Kimmelman may wish it to.

DANA GORDON
Goshen, N.Y.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              586 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

Chung: Reflections on experience of immigrants

BYLINE: By L.A. Chung Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Local; Columnists

LENGTH: 610 words


As crowds prepared to march the streets on behalf of immigration rights from San
Jose to Washington, D.C., I was with writer William Poy Lee outside the Dana
Street Roastery in Mountain View talking, of all things, about the Chinese
Exclusion Act of 1882.

He wouldn't be here if it hadn't been repealed in 1943. Its mere existence - and
the laws it begat - affected nearly three generations of those who hailed from
the same area our ancestors did, the Pearl River Delta in southern China.

"It should have been called the `Anti-Chinese Extinction Act,'" Lee said dryly.

Indeed, in barring Chinese laborers, limiting entry to scholars and merchants,
preventing Chinese from naturalizing, and barring Americans of Chinese ancestry
from bringing their China-born wives here, it sure felt that way. Lee's father,
as an adolescent, had to pass a grueling oral test on Angel Island to prove he
was truly the son of an American citizen before admittance. Had China not been a
U.S. ally in World War II, his mother could not have come here.

Parallels from the past

Lee's family is from Toisan, as is my mother's family, part of a four-district
area - Toisan, Hoiping, Yanping and Sunwui - known as Sze Yap. We share the
internalized cadences of an earthy common dialect, Toisan-wah. It springs from a
hardscrabble area that drove its peasantry abroad to survive and seek
opportunities. Up until 1965, most of Chinese in North America hailed from this
little corner of China, as well as the more prosperous Sam Yap districts.

That's why, for a particular segment of Chinese-Americans, the passion of the
marches - and the venality of the current debates - resonate with an ominous
note from the past.

The Chinese Historical Society of America, where Lee just held a reading of his
first book, is sponsoring "Remembering 1882," a symposium that looks at
immigration policy, on Wednesday in San Francisco in conjunction with the
federal Northern District Court. A traveling exhibit of the same name is on
display now through the end of May, first in the old Federal Building on Golden
Gate Avenue, then in the new one on Seventh Street in San Francisco.

"I firmly believe that what is happening today is similar to what was happening
then," said Bill Ong Hing, a law professor at the University of
California-Davis, a symposium speaker who ticks off the opposition arguments of
undercutting wages, sending money home, and "unwillingness" to assimilate. "My
hope is that we value and put a face on who immigrants are. We think of them as
numbers and commodities rather than people."

Becoming ...

Lee's first book, "The Eighth Promise," puts a human face on one such immigrant,
his mother, Poy Jen. It is a paean and memoir, a tale of becoming American while
never unbecoming Chinese. Of her passing the oral citizenship test, voting all
her life and never again speaking English. Of values and assimilation. On her
terms. Undeniably Toisanese.

Lee became a lawyer, climbed the corporate ladder and plunged into a midlife
crisis. It was his mother's rooted, Toisan values that provided a strength he'd
overlooked.

He is sipping cappuccino when he tells these stories. North Beach being next to
Chinatown, and all. I am quaffing only juice. That's something we Californians
do.

We are undeniably Chinese. We are undeniably of peasant stock from Sze Yap.

And we are undeniably American.

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED

The symposium is 4-6:30 p.m. Wednesday in the Ceremonial Courtroom, 19th floor,
U.S. District Court, 450 Golden Gate Ave. See www.chsa.org for exhibit
information. "The Eighth Promise" is found at www.TheEighthPromise.com

Contact L.A. Chung at lchung@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5280.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 12, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

For Congress, talk isn't cheap

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 254 words


Rep. Dan Rostenkowski, D-Ill., is in balmy Palm Springs, Calif., this week for
his annual winter retreat that combines some speechmaking with a lot of golf.

Over 11 days, the chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee
will deliver five speeches to officials of the tobacco, outdoor advertising and
public power industries.

Rostenkowski's reward: up to $ 2,000 per speech, plus expenses for himself and
his wife, LaVerne.

The warm-weather sojourn is legal. Most of Congress accepts speaking fees,
called ''honoraria.''Some also collect first-class plane tickets and free stays
at resorts.

But the practice is under fire. Congress is likely to ban it if it accepts a 50
percent pay raise next month.

''It's ... legalized bribery,'' says Bill Wasserman of the consumer watchdog
group Public Citizen.

But Howard Marlowe, American League of Lobbyists president, says ''so many
people are ... paying honoraria ...  for breakfasts, lunch, attending
conventions in warm places, that they tend to offset each other.''

And Rep. Bill Lowery, R-Calif., has said it's no more a conflict of interest
than newspapers ''receiving advertising revenue. Do they lose their objectivity?
No. Do I? No.''

Congress' rules let members accept up to $ 2,000 per speech; House members can
keep $ 26,850 a year, senators $ 35,800. Excesses are donated to charity.

Sen. Gordon Humphrey, R-N.H., one of 45 members who refuse honoraria, finds no
''outright venality ... But it represents a hope of more favorable treatment at
the hands of that legislator.''

This week, the Tobacco Institute hosts 27 members of Congress in Palm Springs.
All have information pertinent to the industry, says tobacco spokesman Gary
Miller.

He adds: ''I don't think the location determines whether a congressman goes or
not. I know some people who go to Buffalo in the winter.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Ribbon Label; PAY RAISE; THE HONORARIA FACTOR; 3

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              588 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 5, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Enron's Last Charity Ball

BYLINE:  By Polly Morrice;  Polly Morrice writes on education and culture.

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


Throughout Houston, leaders of cultural and charitable organizations are facing
a new problem: Enron-created budget shortfalls. In a city that prides itself on
the ideals of self-reliance and low taxes, private patrons have long been
expected to sponsor libraries, support public schools and finance the arts. But
Enron stood out as munificent, a sort of corporate Medici. And in Houston, as in
Renaissance Florence, displays of civic patronage go hand-in-hand with political
influence and, of course, social stature.

Though it looks as if an annual literacy fund-raiser sponsored by Barbara Bush
will go forward in April without Enron's customary gift of $80,000, the
company's collapse left a dent of about $10 million in the 2002 budgets of local
nonprofit institutions. The long list of losers includes high-profile
institutions like the M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, the local United Way and the
Houston Grand Opera as well as less prominent local causes.

Despite years of bountiful gifts, Enron seems to have created no reserves of
good feeling. One beneficiary, the Alley Theater, is seeking to recover promised
funds through bankruptcy court. Every day, Houstonians devise ever more cynical
Enron jokes, including a new version of that pop standard about Henry VIII, now
entitled, "I'm Taking the Fifth, I Am." Given the dazzling venality of Enron
executives, the widespread disgust is unsurprising.

But Enron committed another serious offense. It reneged on an unspoken social
contract with the city -- you could call it largesse-oblige -- through which it
supplied generous gifts and encouraged its employees to volunteer for community
improvement projects. (Many of these volunteers have honored their commitments,
in spite of Enron's fall.) In return, Houston burnished Enron's image, turning
the company into a civic icon. But when it fell there were charges that it had
risen courtesy of the cowboy business culture of Houston that thrives on
unfettered markets and deregulation. So along with angering stockholders,
employees and the nonprofit community, Enron embarrassed -- and was pilloried by
-- its hometown.

Yet even as Houstonians castigate Enron for its sins, few here have questioned
the idea that large cities should depend on the kindness of corporations. Of
course, Houston isn't the only city in which businesses support not just
cultural amenities but basic services like public schools. It is one, however,
in which distrust of government is coupled with the conviction that private
enterprise and private citizens can do almost everything better. One Houstonian
organizing a citizens group to clean up the land around a bayou wrote letters to
the local paper soliciting helpers, making clear that he did not want government
involvement (as if it would be improper for the county to help beautify its own
land).

In an era of municipal budget crises -- and the one Houston faces next year is
dwarfed by that of New York -- perhaps cities must rely on corporations to
ensure they can offer the services and amenities that make cities attractive.
But anger over Enron's reneging on its charitable promises should be tempered by
the knowledge that shortfalls in largesse can happen without spectacular
corporate collapses. Even squeaky-clean companies will have bad years, in which
they tend to curtail their charitable giving. People here have long been
convinced that you can't count on government, but after the Enron debacle, it
ought to be clear that you can't always count on business, either.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Marc Rosenthal)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              589 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 20, 2009 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

A World of Macabre Misfits

BYLINE: By KEN JOHNSON

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; ART REVIEW
'TIM BURTON'; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 989 words


Tim Burton's career is the ultimate revenge of the art nerd. Mr. Burton, the
self-professed alienated child of a dysfunctional family in Burbank, Calif., who
funneled his loneliness, pain and grief into drawing cartoons, has found fame,
fortune and a beautiful companion (Helena Bonham Carter) by telling cinematic
tales of sensitive misfits triumphing over, or succumbing to, a world of
repressive mediocrity.

His recurring theme has near-universal resonance. Who has not dreamed of proving
that he or she was underestimated by the forces of ignorance and venality? But
it is Mr. Burton's extraordinarily inventive and adventurous way with the
languages of popular film that accounts mainly for his success. Without the
confectionery beauty and technical ingenuity of his movies -- and performances
by charismatic actors like Paul Reubens, Michael Keaton and Johnny Depp in films
as diverse as ''Pee-wee's Big Adventure,'' ''Beetlejuice'' and ''Sweeney Todd''
-- his Oedipal pathos would not be enough.

Given the tremendous visual appeal of Mr. Burton's movies, you would hope that
''Tim Burton,'' the Museum of Modern Art's expansive retrospective of his
noncinematic art, would be equally exciting. Alas, it is a letdown. Focused
mainly on hundreds of drawings dating from his teenage years to the present and
including paintings, sculptures, photographs and a smattering of short films on
flat screens, it is an entertaining show and a must for film buffs and Burton
fans. To see the raw material from which the movies evolved is certainly
illuminating. But there is a sameness to all Mr. Burton's two- and
three-dimensional output that makes for a monotonous viewing experience. (The
exhibition was organized by Ron Magliozzi, Jenny He and Rajendra Roy, curators
in the museum's film department.)

Since Mr. Burton hit his stride in drawing around 1980, little has changed.
Amalgamating the styles of Edward Gorey, Ralph Steadman, Edward Sorel and other
cartoon expressionists into his own less-than-original
Victorian-Gothic-Grotesque, Mr. Burton has created countless cartoons resembling
illustrations for cutely perverse greeting cards. (After graduating from the
California Institute of the Arts, he worked as an animator for Disney for four
years.)

Often accompanied by doggerel in the vein of Gorey and Dr. Seuss, his drawings
are usually amusing, but neither shocking nor laugh-out-loud funny. The caption
under the image of a rotund child with flipperlike appendages reads, ''My name
is Jimmy, but my friends call me the hideous penguin boy.'' One called Toxic Boy
says his Christmas ''was really quite weird./his fumes accidentally burned off
Santa Claus' beard.'' Loghead ''discusses with his psychiatrist his recurring
nightmare about a crazed lumberjack and a fireplace.''

Bizarre monsters are a favorite motif, but what is most remarkable is Mr.
Burton's ability to generate variations on the archetype of the freakishly
gifted but wounded child. From Stainboy, a superhero whose only power is leaving
stains, to the dangerously dexterous Edward Scissorhands -- his most poignant
creation -- his gallery of endearingly pathetic juvenile weirdos is impressive.
But it also reflects a state of arrested psychological and artistic development.
Adult sexuality, for example, almost never rears its ugly head, and despite Mr.
Burton's lifelong drawing and doodling habit, he never ventures into unexpected
formal or technical territory.

It is when the drawing ideas are translated to the screen that the magic
happens. The black-and-white Claymation short ''Vincent'' (1982), in which a
lonely boy assumes the guise of Vincent Price (who narrates the film) and
imagines a series of Poe-like situations, like plunging his aunt into a vat of
hot wax, is truly captivating.

Most of the three-dimensional works representing characters from Mr. Burton's
drawings and films were produced by professional fabricators, and as such are
uninteresting. Beetlejuice's head on a coiled snake and others are like the
models sold in comic-book stores.

Film props are also on view, including an angora sweater from the cross-dresser
Ed Wood in the movie of the same name; three versions of Batman's pointy-eared
cowl; and a pair of realistic severed heads. But this material, too, is more
memorabilia than art. The full-scale model of Johnny Depp in Edward Scissorhands
regalia could be in a wax museum.

It's not as if Mr. Burton were toying formally and conceptually with popular
culture the way Takashi Murakami and Jeff Koons do. What Mr. Burton does,
rather, is pop culture. The inflatable, multi-eyed ''Balloon Boy'' in the museum
lobby and a topiary deer in the garden that Edward Scissorhands might have
carved are not commentaries on advertising -- they are forms of advertising
itself.

Downstairs in the film theater lobby are large-format Polaroid photographs that
Mr. Burton produced in the 1990s, evidently with higher artistic aims. Viewers
familiar with photography since Cindy Sherman will not be impressed. One set of
four portrays a Chihuahua with reindeer antlers, a la William Wegman's dog
pictures. Another series depicts a blue-skinned woman in a funereal black gown
and dark glasses holding a blue baby doll; in one print, she hammers nails into
it.

More funny than scary, that last image is telling. In his static work,
imaginative as it may be, Mr. Burton plays with the cliches of horror but never
descends far into the heart of darkness. Maybe he's protecting his poor inner
child.

None of this is to take away from his films, which will be screened at MoMA
during the run of the exhibition. To be a popular Hollywood moviemaker and to be
an interesting fine artist in today's terms are very different propositions, and
it's no knock on Mr. Burton that he's not great at both. Nobody is that good.

''Tim Burton'' continues through April 26 at the Museum of Modern Art; (212)
708-9400, moma.org.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Tim Burton: The show, at the Museum of Modern Art, has an
interesting entrance. (C25)
A toy house inspired by Mr. Burton's six-episode Internet series, ''The World of
Stainboy.'' (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARILYNN K. YEE/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
Above, the character Toxic Boy, in a picture by Tim Burton. Left, a sketch made
for ''Edward Scissorhands.'' (PHOTOGRAPHS BY TIM BURTON
 TIM BURTON/20TH CENTURY FOX) (C30)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              590 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

FILMS FOR SUMMER;
ALTMAN, AFRICA AND MORE ON TAP AT UW-CINMATHEQUE

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1036 words


"The death of an old man is not a tragedy."

The late film director Robert Altman said those words to author Garrison Keillor
while talking on the phone about the movie they were planning to make, "A
Prairie Home Companion." They stuck with Keillor to the point that he ended up
putting them in the screenplay of what turned out to be Altman's final film.

The line is a typically unsentimental sentiment from the much-lauded director of
films like "Nashville" and "Short Cuts," movies that could be almost pitiless in
their examination of the foolishness and venality of ordinary lives. Altman's
on-set irascibility was the stuff of Hollywood legend ("Not only did he not
suffer fools, but he made fools suffer," actor Tim Robbins said at his memorial
service), but somehow his cynicism never quite crossed the line into
misanthropy.

But for movie lovers who savored each of his films, great and small, for the way
they used improvised dialogue, group dynamics and loose plotting to capture the
chaos of modern life, Altman's passing felt pretty close to a tragedy. Which is
why it's gratifying that the UW-Cinematheque, the free on-campus film series, is
featuring four of his 1970s films as part of its summer schedule.

The summer series, which screens at 4070 Vilas Hall, 821 University Ave., on
Thursday and Friday nights in July, also features a four-film series of
award-winning African films. And it officially kicks off this Friday night with
something a little unusual -- a film personally selected by the series'
long-running projectionist Jared Lewis.

The Altman series features four films from the director's 1970s output for 20th
Century Fox, all recently restored by the Fox Film Archives. Archive director
Schawn Belston has been instrumental in getting a lot of classic restored films
for both the Cinematheque and the Wisconsin Film Festival.

The retrospective will kick off on July 13 with Altman's most famous film, the
Korean War satire "M*A*S*H," but from there will dig deep into his catalog. "3
Women" (July 20) is a haunting and dreamlike critic's darling about two friends
(Sissy Spacek and Shelley Duvall) whose relationship alters when they move in
together.

"A Wedding" (July 27) has been described as the quintessential Altman film,
featuring an ensemble cast of some 48 actors, including Carol Burnett, Mia
Farrow and Lillian Gish, gathered for the titular event. "A Perfect Couple"
(Aug. 3) is Altman's little-seen foray into romantic comedy, as Altman faves
Paul Dooley and Marta Heflin meet through a computer dating service.

"These are all from the '70s, which is a good period for him," says new
Cinematheque programmer Karin Kolb, who arranged the lion's share of the summer
series along with outgoing programmer Tom Yoshikami. "Everybody knows
Nashville,' so I thought it would be good to show films that nobody knows that
well."

* * *

The African film series, which is funded every summer by the university's
African Studies Program, will feature four films that won awards at the
Pan-African film and television festival known as FESPACO. The series will begin
with "Drum" (Thursday, July 12), an American-South African co-production that
features some familiar faces to Western viewers, including Taye Diggs and Jason
Flemyng. Diggs plays a journalist who turns his lightweight magazine into a
lightning rod of investigative journalism against apartheid in 1950s South
Africa.

Chad's "Daratt" (July 19) is an explosive drama about a young man who finds the
man who killed his father during the country's civil strife. The teenager
apprentices at the killer's bakery and develops a father-son kinship with him
even as he weighs thoughts of revenge. "Sia, The Dream of the Python" (July 26),
a French-Burkino Faso co-production, retells the ancient legend of the Watadu
people of Western Africa, while "The Night of Truth" (Aug. 2) resonates
throughout the continent with its tale of a fictional country trying to secure a
peace settlement after a decade of civil war.

Kolb says securing the African series has been unusually difficult, as many
African films have European distributors but not American ones, and the cost to
ship prints overseas can be exorbitant. Because of that expense and recent
budget cuts to the Cinematheque program, Cinematheque has started a foundation
to accept donations so it can keep the series at the same level it's always
been, and keep it free. More information is available online.

* * *

To kick off the summer series, Kolb wanted to do something a little different
and handed the programming reins over to the Cinematheque's longtime
projectionist, Jared Lewis. Along with projecting films at the UW-Cinematheque
for the past three years, Lewis has also served as the Wisconsin Film Festival's
technical director, making sure each of the festival's many screenings is as
optimal as possible.

"He's the guy who's always in the booth and no one ever sees," Yoshikami says.
"So we want to bring him out front and give him the chance to program something.
He's a fantastic projectionist and one of the best people I know."

With his newfound power, Lewis chose to screen the 1966 John Frankenheimer
thriller "Seconds," starring Rock Hudson as a man who would literally kill to
live another man's life and who meets a sinister corporation that can make that
happen. The film will be screened at 7:30 p.m. Friday, and Lewis said his
criteria for picking the film was simple: It's a movie he's always wanted to see
in a theater.

"I know I sound like a complete film nerd when I say this, but the
cinematography is really fun to watch and I just have to see it on the big
screen," Lewis says. "It's a different experience on my TV."

While Lewis is appreciative of the chance to program a film himself, he says he
enjoys the invisibility of being a projectionist, making sure the movie-watching
experience is as perfect as possible.

"When I am doing my job right, the audience doesn't know I am there," he says.
"If the film is out of focus, for example, or changes between reels are
mistimed, these things take the audience out of the experience of the film. It's
really satisfying when the final credits roll and I've presented the film
perfectly."

E-mail: rthomas@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO COURTESY OF UW-CINEMATHEQUE Robert Altman is shown on the set of
the 1970 classic "M*A*S*H." Altman, who died last year, will be the subject of a
four-film retrospective in the UW-Cinematheque's summer series, which begins
this Friday. The intense drama "Daratt," in which a teenager meets the man who
killed his father, will screen as part of the Cinematheque's series of
award-winning African films.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday

This week (Sept. 3, 2015)

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Sept. 02--Thursday

Music: Strawberry Music Festival

Founded in 1982 as a bluegrass event, this annual gathering of traditional
musicians was forced to shut down and move following a 2013 wildfire. Nothing
much has changed, except the location and musical lineups. This year, it
includes Dave and Phil Alvin; A.J. Lee; T Sisters; Jelly Bread; Brothers
Comatose; Wood Brothers; Bryan Bowers; Haunted Windchimes; Broadcast; Fruition;
California Honeydrops; Keller Williams' Grateful Grass; Café Musique; Lindsay
Lou & the Flatbellys; Marcia Ball; and Big Bad Voodoo Daddy. 4 p.m.; also 10
a.m. Fri.-Sat.; 9 a.m. Sun. Westside Properties, 17807 Tuolumne Road, Tuolumne.
$30-$225. (209) 984-8630.

Music: Simon Rowe Latin Project

Rowe, a keyboard player and director of University of the Pacific's Brubeck
Institute, leads this group that includes Carlos Caro, a Cuba-born Modesto
percussionist, Kerry Kashiwagi (bass) and Brian Kendrick (drums). 7 p.m. Take 5
Jazz at the Brew, 157 W. Adams St., Stockton. $5-$10. (209) 464-2739.

Friday

Theater: "Macbeth"

One of William Shakespeare's tragic masterpieces (1606), the intensity and
sinister shadows of "Macbeth" foretell how the corrosive impacts of political
venality and power always will beset the world. Known by Shakespearian actors as
the "Scottish play," it centers on Macbeth, a Scottish general emboldened by
three witches whose cauldron predicts he'll become the country's next king. That
triggers a bloody series of events. 7 p.m.; also 7 p.m, Fri.; 2 and 7 p.m. Sat.;
2 p.m. Sun. Sierra Repertory Theatre, 13891 Mono Way, Sonora. $28-$35. (209)
532-3120.

Comedy: Comedy Sportz

Tokay High School students demonstrate their improvisational humor techniques as
a new "season" of matches begin. This "inter-group" contest involves nine
students who've been competing for two years. 7 p.m. Tokay High School, 1111
Century Blvd., Lodi. $5. (209) 331-7877.

Saturday

Music: Hardly Deadly

During the 50th summer since the Grateful Dead formed in Palo Alto, this
Stockton group has been busy playing the band's music around Northern
California. After 30 shows, they're back home with a full two sets of Dead tunes
in their grasp. Next door, Tap's Barrel House adds Sugaree Maple Bourbon Pecan
Pie; Ramble on Rose; Working Man's Ale; and Old and in the Way Barley Wine
brews. There'll also be a display of Dead-inspired artwork. 7 p.m., Whirlow's,
1926 Pacific Ave., Stockton. Free. (209) 466-2823.

Event: Stockton Spirit Festival

Known for its deep-fried Oreos, this ecumenical gathering, supported by
donations from churches and businesses, aims to foster community togetherness
with music, food and gospel-oriented activities. 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Weber Point
Events Center, 221 N. Center St., Stockton. Free. (209) 351-4750.

Sunday through Wednesday

Event: Black Family Day

The mood will be somewhat somber during this 46th annual event. Co-founder
Willie Douglas died Sunday. His spirit lives on. "We had to fight to make sure
that culturally we had our rightful place in the community," Douglas said of his
teenage inspiration. That remains the mission. There'll be entertainment,
including a gospel stage; a 9 a.m. yoga class; a peach-cobbler bake-off; chili
cook-off; vendors; information booths; children's pavilion; and petting zoo. 9
a.m.-6 p.m. Mon. Weber Point Events Center, 221 N. Center St., Stockton. Free.
(209) 482-0505.

Event: Field & fair day

A giant hot-air balloon signals the return of this Labor Day happening. It lifts
off at 6:30 a.m. Mon., followed by a pancake breakfast, carnival games,
entertainment and fire and police K-9 dog demonstrations. Hutchins Street
Square, 125 S. Hutchins St., Lodi. $5. (209) 366-1222.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150902-SK-This-week-Sept-3-2015-0902-20150902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              592 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                          January 17, 1996, Wednesday

Eerie similarities between Whitewater and Watergate

BYLINE: EVANS-PRITCHARD AMBROSE

LENGTH: 636 words


Second time around the scandal track for Hillary Clinton NOBODY in America knows
more about the rites and rhythms of a first-rate White House scandal than
Hillary Rodham Clinton.

In January 1974 she was one of five young lawyers recruited by the House
Judiciary Committee to prepare impeachment proceedings against President Nixon.

"It was an unbelievable experience," she told biographer Norman King. "I got to
hear all the tapes, all the other evidence." Her job was to transcribe the
Watergate tapes, a task that allowed her to listen to thousands of hours of
presidential conversation. She learned what Mr Nixon said to his chief-of-staff
in the mornings, what he said to his wife on the telephone, and what he said to
the British Prime Minister.

And, of course, she was privy to the great conspiracy. She was able to listen in
as Richard Nixon plotted the moves that would ultimately destroy his presidency.

On the surface, there is little resemblance between Whitewater and Watergate.

Nixon fell because he used a secret slush fund to conduct espionage and employed
dirty tricks against opponents, threatening the integrity of the electoral
process. He then made matters worse by trying to misuse the federal law
enforcement and intelligence agencies to cover it up.

The Clinton Whitewater scandal, by contrast, is rooted in allegations of petty
venality that date back a decade or more. They involve sweetheart deals, seedy
property ventures and accusations of bank fraud when Bill Clinton was Governor
of Arkansas and his wife was "First Lawyer". The charges centre on personal
greed, not pursuit of power.

What makes it eerily reminiscent of Watergate is the alleged attempt to use the
muscle of the presidency to obstruct justice in an effort to cover it up. And
what gives it an added tone of menace is the suspicious death of Deputy White
House Counsel Vincent Foster, the man who handled the personal finances of the
Clintons at the White House.

The scandal has been a permanent feature of the Clinton presidency, erupting
every few months and subsiding again. But that is what happened during
Watergate.

Nixon actually won a landslide election for a second term more than halfway
through the scandal and for a long time the cover-up seemed to have succeeded.
The FBI conducted 1500 interviews and issued a clean bill of health. Federal
prosecutors tried to confine the case to the Watergate burglary, ignoring the
much broader campaign of espionage and foul play. It took two years for the full
scandal to unfold and several times it seemed on the verge of petering out.

The great machine of established power in the United States does not like to
rock the boat too much, which is perhaps why the death of Vincent Foster has
been swept under the rug by one investigation after another.

First the US Park Police, then independent counsel Robert Fiske, then the Senate
Banking Committee, all concluded that Foster committed suicide at Fort Marcy
Park, where his body was found.

But these investigations were so blatantly defective that the case has had to be
opened again, this time by another independent counsel, Kenneth Starr.

In the end it took the confessions of John Dean and other Nixon insiders to blow
the lid off Watergate. There are signs this point may be approaching at the
Clinton White House. All of the Rose law firm partners who came up from Little
Rock with Hillary have been discredited or worse: Webster Hubbell is in jail,
Bill Kennedy has returned to Little Rock and Vince Foster is dead.

Now the mood is turning foul among the second tier of the Arkansas group. Most
are scrambling to get lawyers since Senator Al D'Amato warned that he would call
for the strict enforcement of the perjury statutes. The price of loyalty is
getting high.

The Sunday Telegraph

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              593 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 14, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Financial Problems Haunt Democratic State Committee

BYLINE: Michael Abramowitz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DISTRICT WEEKLY; PAGE J3; NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 785 words


An independent audit report takes the D.C. Democratic State Committee to task
for failing to maintain adequate control over cash and payroll and for other
slipshod management practices that have landed the party in financial trouble in
years past.

The state committee, the ruling arm of the local Democratic Party, has long been
plagued by embarrassing administrative problems such as failing to pay bills and
taxes and not filing disclosure reports with campaign authorities.

While party officials say they have uncovered no cases of venality, the
management problems have distracted the state committee from more substantive
issues and are part of the reason some politicians have come to view the state
committee as an ineffective debating society.

Party leaders said this week that they are beginning to put the management
problems behind them, and they characterized the recent audit reports by F.S.
Taylor & Associates -- released at the state committee's monthly meeting last
week -- as a sign that they are turning the corner.

Although the auditors identified a range of problems -- from poor records to
inadequate collection procedures -- they also show that the committee operated
in the black in fiscal 1988 and 1989 after incurring deficits in 1986 and 1987.

Party chairman Joslyn N. Williams and treasurer Jack Evans portrayed the
problems identified by the auditors as reflective of practices of previous
administrations and said they have been working to clean up the financial
problems, in line with the auditors' recommendations.

"I have not uncovered any wrongdoing, with people taking money," said Evans, who
took over as treasurer last summer and is being widely credited as the architect
of financial improvements. "It was more a matter . . . of the people involved
not getting their act together."

Evans said the party has about $ 13,000 in cash on hand and will soon pay off
the final installment of a $ 5,000 fine imposed by the Federal Elections
Commission for failing to file financial reports on time.

He said the committee filed its most recent disclosure reports on time and is
hoping for lenient treatment from the FEC, which has been looking into some
separate irregularities on the part of the committee.

"Overall, I think we're in good shape," said Evans, a 36-year-old lawyer whose
political fortunes may depend on whether he succeeds in putting the financial
problems to rest. Evans, a founder of the Ward 2 Democratic organization, is
planning a run for John A. Wilson's D.C. Council seat if Wilson succeeds in his
bid to become council chairman.

Williams acknowledged that the party has been bogged down because of its
financial problems and said he was eager to solve them quickly, especially in
light of a possible revival of the D.C. Republican Party with the candidacy of
former police chief Maurice T. Turner Jr. for mayor.

"I don't want to keep talking about finances at every meeting," Williams said.
"The Republican Party is going to start pouring money into predominantly black
communities . . . . We have to start building a strong Democratic Party that
will withstand the Bush administration onslaught."

Williams's predecessor as chairman, lawyer James Christian, bristled at
suggestions that his administration alone was responsible for the committee's
financial problems. He pointed out that some of the problems identified by the
auditors also occurred during Williams's first year in office.

"I'm always the scapegoat," Christian said. "I don't put this at the feet of the
current chairman. I put it at the feet of all of the committee. We have taken
our responsibilities [too] lightly."

Other committee members said they hope long debates about finances are a thing
of the past. "In the past, we existed to get fined by the FEC and to provide
audit work for accounting firms," said Ward 3 Democrat and party pundit Mark
Plotkin. "It is a new regime."

New Gertrude Stein Leadership

AIDS activist Mauro Montoya this week was elected president of the Gertrude
Stein Democratic Club, the city's main gay political organization. Montoya
succeeds Ralph Watkins, who recently resigned because he took a job with the
federal government, club officials said.

The organization has been one of the more active political constituency groups
in the city, but it has fallen on lean times in recent years and is hoping to
revive its power for the coming D.C. Council and mayoral elections. The club
will meet in January to consider an early endorsement of Wilson's bid for
council chairman.

Montoya, 31, is a former official of the Whitman-Walker Clinic and is executive
director of LifeLink, a service organization for people with AIDS.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN, ANALYSIS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              594 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 17, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Real Heroes Deserve Real Leaders

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A16; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 208 words


Air Force Capt. Scott O'Grady's courage and resourcefulness epitomize qualities
that should make us all proud to be his compatriots. But the outpouring of media
hype surrounding his rescue and return is merely "feel-good" stuff ["Pilot
Honored at Pentagon, White House; Lunch With Clinton Beats Bugs in Bosnia," news
story, June 13]. The rescue did nothing to alleviate the suffering on the
ground.

The same president who lauds Capt. O'Grady as a hero has consistently waffled
and backtracked on Bosnian policy, adding further confusion to an already
confusing situation. Ironically, on the same day that Capt. O'Grady returned to
his family, Mr. Clinton announced he would veto a resolution to unilaterally
lift the arms embargo on Bosnia -- a move he once endorsed.

The actions of Mr. Clinton and his European colleagues, driven by motives of
political expediency and egregious venality, represent the antithesis of Capt.
O'Grady's heroism. I find it distasteful that the president has sought to raise
political capital by focusing our attention on the rescue, while he remains
incapable of focusing his attention on a swift and principled resolution to this
sad and bloody catastrophe.

W. LUTHER JETT

Washington Grove, Md.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              595 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 11, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

The See-No-Evil Senator

BYLINE: Mary McGrory

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A2; MARY MCGRORY

LENGTH: 752 words


Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) is doubtless winning all sorts of points with the
White House for his "What scandal?" performance on the Senate select committee
on the Iran-contra affair. For a man who wishes to become a Supreme Court
justice, this is important.

In his quest, Hatch may be acquiring an unexpected constituency. Many
transgressors who heard his questioning of Fawn Hall, secretary to Lt. Col.
Oliver L. North and admitted doctor, shredder and smuggler of classified
documents, must be rooting for Hatch's appointment.

Hatch is an adherent of the law-and-order persuasion of the administration, but
he has shown a permissiveness with Iran-contra witnesses that could make him a
cult figure among the nation's prisoners. They must hope he's there with his
hearts and flowers when their appeals reach the high bench. Show him a smoking
gun and Hatch demands to know the identity of the brute who forced you to fire
it.

Hatch is conducting a fierce search for the real villain. Congress is his
leading suspect. Where others see lawlessness and chaos, he sees good intentions
gone astray. "Where is the venality, where is the corruption?" he inquired on
the "MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour" after five weeks of copious confirmation on both
counts.

His notion is that while much that occurred during the time the National
Security Council was making sport of the Boland Amendment is deplorable, it can
be explained. In his booming voice, Hatch launches barrages of marshmallows at
misunderstood witnesses.

Here's how he goes at someone bringing unwelcome information about the inner
workings of the Reagan White House. Before him is Robert C. McFarlane, the
miserable former national security adviser, who admitted that he had written
three letters to Congress in which he was "too categorical" in his categorical
denials of White House involvement in contra fund-raising and war-making:

"Was there any time when, during the whole period, that you were not trying to
do the best you could for our country and in the best interests of our country?
Albeit it can be criticized today."

With Elliott Abrams of the State Department, who lied to the Senate intelligence
committee about his successful tap of a $ 10 million donation from the sultan of
Brunei, Hatch showed the same relentless understanding. What else can a man do
with a leaky Congress?

"I do understand," he solemnly assured Abrams, "some of the difficulties between
answering everything and just spilling your guts before the committee, or
waiting till they ask the appropriate question . . . and I can't blame you
because of the loss of information that has occurred."

It was Fawn Hall, the perfectly loyal secretary, who brought out the full flower
of his tolerance for the wrong thing when done by the right people. On her first
appearance, Hall had appeared apprehensive, a Girl Friday brought to judgment.
Overnight, she was transformed into snippy tigress for the contra cause. She
snapped at senators, rapped out the creed of the true apostle of Oliver North:
"Sometimes you have to go above the written law." She was in her way as
contemptuous of Congress as Abrams, as tough as Richard V. Secord, the
"not-in-it-for-the-money" patriot who bought himself a Porsche and an airplane
out of arms-sales profits. Hall decided she was there to justify North and all
his works.

In Hatch, she found an eager accomplice. He had some awkward facts to get
around, but as usual, he seized the bull by the horns.

"With respect to the shredding and the other activities, which I have to admit
do not look very good . . . . "

The hearing room burst with laughter. Hearing the cheerleader for the most
security-minded administration in history suggest that shredding, smuggling and
doctoring is not all bad, was too much, even for some of the members.

Looking stern, Hatch plowed on. "Do you feel that regardless of how bad they
might look, and I think there are some who have tried to put the worst face on
that, and some of them right here in this room . . . do you think that we should
hear Col. North's explanation for those actions before we draw any final
conclusions?"

If Reagan survives, he may indeed name Hatch a Supreme Court justice as a reward
for service above and beyond. If that fails, Hatch should perhaps be made an
honorary Knight of the Garter, a select group named for a medieval king who
said, "Honi soit qui mal y pense," which is French for what Hatch always says:
Shame on anyone who thinks this looks awful.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              596 of 996 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                            April 27, 2005 Wednesday

Right-wing vision of America anything but 'conservative'

BYLINE: Gerald Plessner

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 705 words


IT is difficult to remember a less-graceful set of victors than the Republicans
of 2005. They not only want 100 percent of the political pie, they seem to
insist on starving every Liberal's grandparents just for spite. It's much more
than a hunger for the spoils of victory. It's more like get-even time for all
those years of playing second fiddle.

The most unseemly aspect of the Republican ascendancy is its cloak of
religiosity. Having spent a generation extolling their own virtue and decrying
their enemies' venality, Republicans really believe in their superiority and
that they deserve total control on every political issue.

It doesn't matter that our founders devised a system of checks and balances by
inventing a system with three centers of power and by creating certain internal
restraints against the tyranny of the majority.

There are a number of such restraints in our Constitution. The presidential
veto, lifetime appointment of judges and the Electoral College are a few,
putting the filibuster in pretty good company.

But America's Republican-religious cartel wants it all and it wants it now!

The historical irony is overwhelming. A half-century ago many of America's
non-Roman Catholic Christians wanted no part of a Catholic-influenced
government. John F. Kennedy had to go before the entire Baptist leadership to
pledge that he was an American first, last and always.

Last year the Vatican intruded into our choice for president by refusing to
grant Communion to one of our presidential candidate, and Evangelical Christian
leaders seemed to believe that it was a wonderful thing. Now Evangelicals have a
kind of unity of thought and purpose that must make America's Roman Catholic
leadership jealous.

With their own pope the ever-advising James Dobson of Focus on the Family
Evangelicals have a unity of message and a strength in numbers that might worry
those Americans who don't believe in the stern- father concept of family or the
supposed wickedness of people who disagree with them about absolutist government
or other issues.

And so, pushed by a huge and strongly organized religious movement that is
demanding its spoils, Republican politicians many of them born-again Christians
themselves have moved with great speed to rewrite our legislative rules and
maximize their already total control of our national government.

But to their chagrin, votes are not the only currency in a party also totally
beholden to big business. In response to the Senate majority leader's attempt to
energize his religious followers to block a Democratic filibuster against
extreme right- wing judicial candidates, big business has told top Republican
leaders that killing the filibuster may not be a good idea after all. If it
causes Democratic senators to stall other issues important to business, they
want no part of it.

Talk about checks and balances!

The favorite strategy of Republican leaders and their media friends is to accuse
Democrats and liberals of unfairly using the filibuster, which Republicans have
done numerous times. They love to blame Democrats for the gridlock in
Washington, forgetting how Newt Gingrich shut down Washington for days.

But make no mistake about it. People like Vice President Dick Cheney, Senate
Majority Leader Bill Frist, House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and Republican
activist Grover Norquist, who tries to control big business for the Republicans,
are the problem.

They share a vision of America that is as far from conservative as possible. It
is a radically different America that gives primacy to one religion, that
worships big business and big government, that believes in controlling the way
in which citizens live and die. It is an America that cares less about its
elderly, the poor and the frail in ways that would mortify those of their faith
who have preceded them.

Don't think that the fight over the filibuster will change anything. Win or
lose, Republicans will be back with another plot to advance their vision of
American government, 1920s style. They are tough and they don't give up.

Gerald Plessner is an Arcadia businessman who writes regularly on issues of
politics and culture. He can be contacted at gerald@geraldplessner.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              597 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Elia Kazan, Influential Director, Is Dead at 94

BYLINE:  By MERVYN ROTHSTEIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 2; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3409 words


Elia Kazan, the immigrant child of a Greek rug merchant who became one of the
most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history, died
yesterday at his home in Manhattan. He was 94.

Mr. Kazan's achievements in theater and cinema helped define the American
experience for more than a generation. For Broadway, his legendary productions
included "A Streetcar Named Desire" and "Death of a Salesman." His movie
classics included "On the Waterfront" and "East of Eden."

To many critics, he was the best director of American actors in stage and screen
history, discovering Marlon Brando, James Dean and Warren Beatty and redefining
the craft of film acting. In 1953 the critic Eric Bentley wrote that "the work
of Elia Kazan means more to the American theater than that of any current
writer."

Mr. Kazan was a founder and longtime co-director of the Actors Studio; a founder
with Robert Whitehead of the first repertory theater at Lincoln Center; a member
of the fabled Group Theater in the 1930's; the favorite director of a generation
of new American playwrights, including the two most important, Tennessee
Williams and Arthur Miller; and in his later years a best-selling novelist.

He received best-director Tony Awards for his work on two of Mr. Miller's plays,
"All My Sons" (1947) and "Death of a Salesman" (1949), as well as for Archibald
MacLeish's "J. B." (1959).

In Hollywood, seven of Mr. Kazan's films won a total of 20 Academy Awards. He
won best-director Oscars for "Gentleman's Agreement," a 1947 indictment of
anti-Semitism, and "On the Waterfront" in 1954. "On the Waterfront," a searing
depiction of venality and corruption on the New Jersey docks, won eight Oscars.

Mr. Kazan also received an Oscar for lifetime achievement in 1999. The lifetime
achievement award was controversial because in 1952 Mr. Kazan angered many of
his friends and colleagues when he acknowledged before the House Un-American
Activities Committee that he had been a member of the Communist Party from 1934
to 1936 and gave the committee the names of eight other party members. He had
previously refused to do so, and his naming of names prompted many people in the
arts, including those who had never been Communists, to excoriate him for
decades.

Asked why he had identified others, he cited a "specious reasoning which has
silenced many liberals" that ran like this: "You may hate the Communists, but
you must not attack them or expose them, because if you do you are attacking the
right to hold unpopular opinions."

"I'd had every good reason to believe the party should be driven out of its many
hiding places and into the light of scrutiny, but I'd never said anything
because it would be called 'red-baiting,' " he wrote years later. "The
'horrible, immoral thing' that I did I did out of my own true self."

Mr. Kazan, a short (5 feet 6), wiry, energetic and unconventional man with
swarthy features, rumpled clothes and a dominating personality, created many
versions of that true self over the years.

He was, he often said, a study in contradictions. Comparing himself to a black
snake, he wrote in his 1988 autobiography, "Elia Kazan: A Life": "I've shed
several skins in my time, lived several lives and known violent and cruel
changes. Generally I've understood what happened only after it happened."

"I've repeatedly astonished people by what seem to be total reversals of
positions and attitudes," he continued. "This has sometimes led to distrust of
me. Again and again my conflicting desires have led to the surrender of one or
the other."

Just as astonishing is the list of his credits. Other Broadway plays he directed
included "The Skin of Our Teeth," "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof," "Sweet Bird of
Youth," "The Dark at the Top of the Stairs" and "Tea and Sympathy." His other
movies included "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn," "A Streetcar Named Desire," "Viva
Zapata!," "Splendor in the Grass" and "America, America."

Passion and Controversy

Arthur Schlesinger Jr., writing about Mr. Kazan's autobiography in The New York
Times Book Review, described the director as "brilliant, passionate, generous,
restless, discontented, angry, vengeful and a fount of creativity, resentment
and controversy." Mr. Kazan was all that, and more.

In "On the Waterfront," the protagonist, Terry Malloy, played memorably by
Marlon Brando, appears before a commission investigating union corruption and
informs on friends as well as enemies. The movie was written by the novelist
Budd Schulberg, who also named names before the Congressional committee, and
many people saw the movie as an attempt by the director and the writer to defend
their actions.

The director had a different take on the movie. "I got a feeling I was speaking
for a lot of people who were not on top of the society, whose parents were not
rich or established," he once said. "I was speaking for the underdog."

In 1999, when Mr. Kazan was given the Academy Award for Lifetime Achievement, it
was a bold break with the past; only two years before, the American Film
Institute had refused him a similar award because of his decision half a century
earlier to inform on others. The special Oscar generated protests, but Mr. Kazan
also had much significant support. Mr. Schlesinger thundered, "If the Academy's
occasion calls for apologies, let Mr. Kazan's denouncers apologize for the aid
and comfort they gave to Stalinism." Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro extolled
him, Mr. De Niro calling him a "master of a new kind of psychological and
behavioral faith in acting."

But Mr. Kazan was also reminded that there were others who would never forgive
him for naming names to the House committee. "That's because he was the most
powerful director in the country," said Victor Navasky, the author of "Naming
Names," a book about the period. "Kazan should have used his clout to fight
against the blacklist and fight against the committee, but he caved in."

Elia (pronounced EE-lee-yah) Kazanjoglous was born on Sept. 7, 1909, in
Constantinople. He was one of four sons of George Kazanjoglous and the former
Athena Sismanoglou, Anatolian Greeks living under harsh Turkish rule in the
Ottoman Empire. His father emigrated to New York, became a rug merchant and sent
for his family shortly before World War I.

Mr. Kazan attributed much to his Anatolian origins, particularly what he called
in his autobiography his desire to ingratiate and his capacity to dissemble --
"the Anatolian smile" he so disliked in his father, "the smile that covers
resentment."

He attended public schools in New York City and New Rochelle, N.Y., with no
great distinction -- next to his yearbook portrait there was only a blank space.
At Williams College in Massachusetts, he waited on tables and washed dishes to
help pay his way, graduating cum laude. Often, he worked as a bartender in
fraternities that denied him admission as a member. It was as an outsider at
Williams, he wrote, "that revenge began to be a motive in my life."

"It was at these parties that my obsessive attraction to other men's women was
born and my need -- it amounted to that -- to take them away," he added. He was
throughout his life a self-acknowledged compulsive seducer of women.

Mr. Kazan would continue for the rest of his life to consider himself an
outsider, despite his later achievements. "A lot of critics refer to me as an
outsider, and I suppose I was, wasn't I?" he remarked in a 1995 interview.
"Being a foreigner, being an immigrant. I mean, I wasn't in the society. I was
rebellious against it. And even when I was successful, I remained an outsider.
It became my nature."

It was also at Williams that he won a career-long nickname, Gadg, for gadget,
because, he said, "I was small, compact and handy to have around" -- a useful,
handy, "ever-compliant little cuss."

He later would increasingly grow to despise the nickname. "You made yourself
that way to get along with people, to be accepted, to become invisible -- a
Gadget!" John Steinbeck, who wrote the screenplay for "Viva Zapata!," later told
him. "What a neuter nickname! Useful for everyone, except yourself!"

Mr. Kazan studied at Yale University's drama school for two years and then
joined the Group Theater in New York as an actor and assistant stage manager. He
obtained small and then featured roles in a dozen plays, including "Waiting for
Lefty" (1935) and "Golden Boy" (1937) by Clifford Odets and "The Gentle People"
by Irwin Shaw (1939), and in two gangster movies directed by Anatole Litvak.

The Group Theater, whose members included Lee Strasberg, Harold Clurman,
Clifford Odets, Franchot Tone and Stella and Luther Adler, was the most
important of the Depression's experiments in modern theater. The Group
specialized in the Stanislavsky "Method" form of acting, with the actor
experiencing internally the emotion he is to emulate onstage, relating the
character's feelings to his own experience.

Mr. Kazan was an early disciple. But several years later, working as an
assistant stage manager for the Theater Guild, he saw another theory, embodied
in the actor Osgood Perkins. "There was no emotion," Mr. Kazan wrote. "Only
skill. In every aspect of technical facility, he was peerless."

From then on, Mr. Kazan sought to combine the two -- the psychological and the
professional, or technical -- in his work. "I believed I could take the kind of
art Osgood Perkins exemplified -- externally clear action, controlled every
minute at every turn, with gestures spare yet eloquent -- and blend that with
the kind of acting the Group was built on: intense and truly emotional, rooted
in the subconscious, therefore often surprising and shocking in its revelations.
I could bring these two opposite and often conflicting traditions together."

By combining these techniques, Mr. Kazan became known as an actor's director --
to many in the arts, he was the best actor's director there ever was. Many
critics said performances he elicited from Marlon Brando, Rod Steiger, Karl
Malden, James Dean, Julie Harris, Carroll Baker, Eli Wallach and Natalie Wood,
as well as many others, were the best of their careers. In his films, he guided
his performers to 21 Academy Award nominations -- and 9 Oscars.

In 1947, with Cheryl Crawford and Robert Lewis, he founded the Actors Studio
explicitly as a place where actors could grow in their craft and develop the
psychological awareness called for in the plays that were dominating the
Broadway theater of the 1940's and 50's. Dustin Hoffman has said that he doubted
whether he, Robert De Niro or Al Pacino would have become actors without Mr.
Kazan's pioneering influence.

Mr. Kazan began directing plays in 1935 and won laudatory notices in 1942 for
staging a popular comedy, "Cafe Crown." He got his big break later that year
when he directed Thornton Wilder's fantastic history of mankind, "The Skin of
Our Teeth," with a dream cast that included Tallulah Bankhead and Montgomery
Clift. The play was a huge hit, it won a Pulitzer Prize, and Mr. Kazan received
his first New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for his direction.

After "The Skin of Our Teeth," he became a major force on Broadway through his
collaborations with Arthur Miller and Tennessee Williams. In 1947, his
compelling direction of two plays, Miller's "All My Sons," about the evils
spawned by war profiteering, and Williams's Pulitzer Prize-winning "Streetcar
Named Desire," about a repressed Southern aristocrat, Blanche DuBois, and her
savage brother-in-law, Stanley Kowalski, established Mr. Kazan as Broadway's
pre-eminent director. The Stanley Kowalski character also made 23-year-old
Marlon Brando a great new star.

Mr. Kazan followed these memorable successes with another theatrical milestone
-- Arthur Miller's "Death of a Salesman," a devastating indictment of the
American way of life that starred Lee J. Cobb as the Everyman salesman, Willy
Loman.

Success in Hollywood

Having reached the pinnacle of the theater, Mr. Kazan was also gaining acclaim
as a director of movies. His first major film was "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn," an
affecting 1945 tale about an Irish family coping with poverty and an alcoholic
father (James Dunn, who won an Academy Award as best supporting actor). Other
Kazan films were "Pinky" (1949), an early film dealing with racism and
miscegenation; "Panic in the Streets" (1950), a taut drama about a manhunt to
find the carrier of plague, with fine performances from Richard Widmark, Jack
Palance and Zero Mostel; "Baby Doll" (1956), a black comedy about sex by
Tennessee Williams with Eli Wallach, Karl Malden and Carroll Baker; and "A Face
in the Crowd" (1957), a film about the media and celebrity with Andy Griffith as
a folksy, demagogic television star.

In directing both the stage and movie versions of "A Streetcar Named Desire," he
helped catapult Mr. Brando to stardom. But in later years Mr. Kazan would
reflect ruefully on the career of the star he helped to make. "He should have
been our American Olivier," Mr. Kazan said. "But he just sort of got less and
less able, less and less good. It's a sad story."

Mr. Kazan was the director who gave Lee Remick, Jo Van Fleet, Warren Beatty,
James Dean and Jack Palance their first major movie roles. And he was the
director of two films that still have particular resonance with young moviegoers
-- "East of Eden" (1955), based on a Steinbeck retelling of the Cain and Abel
story, with James Dean, Julie Harris, Jo Van Fleet and Raymond Massey, and
"Splendor in the Grass" (1961), which starred Warren Beatty and Natalie Wood as
adolescent lovers dealing with adult hypocrisy.

Eventually Mr. Kazan would conclude that the Group Theater was wrong about the
stage, that theater was not a collective art; to be successful, he said, it
should express "the vision, the conviction, and the insistent presence of one
person." As that one person, he had a passion for clarity: with the writer, he
honed the main theme of a script and then analyzed every line for motivation and
dramatic tension.

Just as he concluded the Group Theater was wrong about stagecraft, he decided it
was wrong about politics. The Group Theater in the 1930's contained a secret
Communist cell, which Mr. Kazan joined for almost two years. But when the
American Communist Party ordered the cell to take control of the Group, Mr.
Kazan refused. At a special meeting, he was denounced as a "foreman" currying
favor with the bosses, and was required to repent and submit to party authority.
Rather than do so, he resigned from the party. He later wrote that the
experience had taught him "all I needed to know about how the Communist Party of
the United States worked."

Seventeen years later, when he was first called as a witness before the House
Un-American Activities Committee, Mr. Kazan refused to divulge names. But the
moguls of Hollywood urged him to change his mind rather than destroy his career.

In his memoir, Mr. Kazan wrote that he then spoke to Arthur Miller about what to
do. Mr. Miller, who did not cooperate with the committee, wrote in his memoir,
"Timebends," that the conversation took place after Mr. Kazan named names. But
they essentially agreed on what had been said.

"I said I'd hated the Communists for many years and didn't feel right about
giving up my career to defend them," Mr. Kazan recalled. "Was I sacrificing for
something I believed in?" His decision cost him many friends.

Years later, Mr. Kazan expressed doubts. "What I'd done was correct," he wrote,
"but was it right?"

But Mr. Kazan also said the great success of "On the Waterfront" ended his fears
that his career was in jeopardy. "All of a sudden nobody cared what my politics
were, that I was controversial or difficult. After 'On the Waterfront' I could
do anything I wanted. That's Hollywood."

Mr. Kazan's relationship with Mr. Miller was particularly complicated. Mr. Kazan
was Marilyn Monroe's lover when Mr. Miller met her, and, long before Mr. Miller
and the actress married, the three often spent time together in Hollywood. In
his autobiography, Mr. Kazan told of a night when Ms. Monroe arrived at his
hotel room and declared that she was going to get married. He thought she was
going to be married to Mr. Miller but she told him that she was going to marry
Joe DiMaggio. She then stayed overnight in the hotel room with Mr. Kazan. Mr.
Kazan directed Mr. Miller's "After the Fall," his 1964 play about his failed
marriage to Marilyn Monroe, for Lincoln Center. The actress Barbara Loden, who
would become Mr. Kazan's second wife, played Marilyn Monroe.

Mr. Kazan was not without his cinematic detractors, who at times accused him of
being simplistic and maudlin, of belaboring issues and relying on cop-out
endings.

He, too, was very much aware of his own limits. "I don't have great range," he
wrote. "I am no good with music or spectacles. The classics are beyond me. . . .
I am a mediocre director except when a play or film touches a part of my life's
experience. . . . I do have courage, even some daring. I am able to talk to
actors. . . . to arouse them to better work. I have strong, even violent,
feelings, and they are assets."

A Switch to Writing

Among the other plays Mr. Kazan directed were "One Touch of Venus" with Mary
Martin (1943), Williams's "Camino Real" (1953) and "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof"
(1955), William Inge's "Dark at the Top of the Stairs" (1957) and Williams's
"Sweet Bird of Youth" (1959), which won him a New York critics' award.

In 1961 Mr. Kazan said the staggering costs of staging a Broadway play and the
curtailed rehearsal time allotted by producers made it "almost impossible to do
artistically daring work." He left Broadway, became a novelist and began to
write his own film scripts.

Mr. Kazan's first novel, "America America," in 1962, retraced the odyssey of an
uncle, a Greek youth who fled the poverty and persecution of Turkey and reached
America despite numbing setbacks. The book was a best seller, and Bosley
Crowther of The Times called Mr. Kazan's movie version one of the 10 best films
of 1963.

Mr. Kazan remained involved with the non-Broadway theater, supervising with
Robert Whitehead the establishment of a not-for-profit repertory company at
Lincoln Center. In 1964 Mr. Kazan directed five plays for the company, including
two Arthur Miller dramas, "After the Fall" and "Incident at Vichy," at the
ANTA/Washington Square Theater in Greenwich Village while the Vivian Beaumont
Theater was being built. But disputes with Lincoln Center's board led the two
men to leave before the Beaumont was completed.

"The Arrangement" (1967), Mr. Kazan's second novel, dealt with the midlife
crisis of a philandering executive. It was deplored by most reviewers but became
a best seller. Other Kazan novels, which drew mixed or critical reviews,
included "The Assassins" (1972) and "The Anatolian" (1982).

In 1972 Mr. Kazan directed "The Visitors," a tiny-budget feature written by his
elder son, Chris (who died of cancer in 1991), and shot in 16-millimeter in and
around his farm in Newtown, Conn. Vincent Canby of The Times praised the movie,
about the violent legacy of the Vietnam War, as "extremely moving" and said Mr.
Kazan was "still a first-rate director."

Mr. Kazan was married three times -- to Molly Day Thacher, a playwright, from
1932 to her death in 1963; to Ms. Loden, the actress, writer and director, from
1967 to her death in 1980; and to Frances Rudge, in 1982. He and Ms. Thacher had
four children, one of whom, Chris, died. The others, who survive him, are
Nicholas Kazan of Los Angeles, Judy Morris of Washington, and Kate, of Madison,
Wis. Six grandchildren and two great-grandchildren also survive him, as do a son
from his marriage to Ms. Loden, Leo Kazan of New York, and three stepchildren:
Marco Joachim of New York, who was Ms. Loden's son by an earlier marriage,
Charlotte Rudge of New York and Joseph Rudge of Los Angeles.

Mr. Kazan won New York City's highest cultural award, the Handel Medallion, in
1972, and a Kennedy Center citation in 1983.

Looking back on his life in 1995, he declared that he was proud of his films. "I
think about a dozen of them are very good, and I don't think there are films as
good on the subject or the feeling," he said. "Writing my own work means more to
me than I can get out of somebody else's work, and some of the stuff that I did
turned out all right. I get along. I live modestly. I have a nice house. I can
go to the country once in a while. I have a few friends. I'm happy with my wife,
and I love my children."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Elia Kazan

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Mr. Kazan with the cast of "Spendor in the Grass" during the
filming of that 1961 movie, starring Warren Beatty and Natalie Wood as young
lovers. (Photo by Everett Collection); Elia Kazan, left, with Marlon Brando
during the filming of "On the Waterfront," which won eight Oscars. (Photo by
Columbia Pictures); Martin Scorsese with Mr. Kazan in 1999 at the Oscars, where
Mr. Kazan received a lifetime achievement award. (Photo by Agence
France-Presse); Arthur Miller, left, with Mr. Kazan in 1963; the two often
collaborated, and also shared an interest in Marilyn Monroe. (Photo by
Associated Press)(pg. B7)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              598 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 20, 1994, Sunday, Final Edition

Maryland doesn't need term limits.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C8; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 679 words


When the Maryland General Assembly convenes in January, it will be living proof
of why states do not need term limits.

The 47-member Senate will have 20 new members. Nine members chose not to run
again, four ran for another office, four were defeated in the primary and three
were defeated in the general election.

The story is similar in the House of Delegates: 64 new members out of a body of
141. Thirteen chose not to run again, 29 chose to run for another office, 12
were defeated in the primary and 10 in the general election.

Yet across the country, so-called reformers are in a frenzy to inflict term
limits on legislative bodies at every level of government. In this election, of
the eight states and the District that voted on the issue, only one state, Utah,
voted it down. Ironically, Massachusetts, Nebraska and Nevada, while approving
term limits, nevertheless reelected their incumbent members of the Senate.

Similarly, in 1992, citizens in 14 states voted on term limits for Congress and
in 12 of those for state legislatures. By overwhelming majorities, they approved
every proposed limit on the terms of officials at all levels of government.

In that same election, voters in three Maryland counties -- Prince George's,
Anne Arundel and Howard -- approved term limits for county councils. In Prince
George's and Anne Arundel counties, both the executive and the council are now
barred from serving more than two four-year terms; in Howard County, the
executive is limited to a two-year term and the council to three four-year
terms.


What accounts for the tremendous popularity of term limits?

The answer is obvious. Voters are angry at the real and perceived incompetence
and venality displayed by more than a few elected officials at all levels of
government.

Voters also are angry at the evident influence of money, PACs and
special-interest groups at all levels of government, but most especially at the
federal level. The strength of their anger was obvious in the sweep of
Republican victories this time.

But what about the fallout of term limits?

Term limits probably will shift power from whatever legislative body is covered
by the limits -- whether it be local, state or national -- to chief executives.

Similarly, staff and lobbyists will be strengthened because of the experience
that comes from long years of involvement. Term-limited legislators, on the
other hand, will be dependent on professional staff, and they will be more
susceptible to the skills of seasoned lobbyists.

Another sure-fire result is that congressional term limits will damage the
interests of small states -- such as Maryland. For a state like California with
54 representatives in the House, the sheer size of the delegation protect the
state's interests. But states like Maryland traditionally have relied upon
seniority to protect their interests.

An additional bothersome consequence is that just as women and minorities appear
poised to take up positions of influence, the rules are changing. A senator like
Barbara Boxer from California can forget about ever amassing the seniority or
wielding the power of a Robert Byrd.

Any one of these aftermaths should be enough to make Marylanders pause before
rushing headlong into the nirvana of term limits. If pressed, even the most
disgruntled voters can name a handful of members of Congress whom they respect
and that are widely regarded as being first-rate. Do we seriously wish to deny
arbitrarily the benefit of their abilities to the nation?

Term limits substitute mindless change for thoughtful voting. The answer to the
problem of entrenched incumbents is simple, straightforward, available to all
and amply demonstrated during these elections -- the voting booth.

If the current system unfairly benefits incumbents, then the rules about
campaign finance and contributions should be changed. The answer is not to give
away our democratic rights but to exercise them.

-- Patricia S. Florestano

is a professor of government and public administration at the University of
Baltimore.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, BARRY MAGUIRE

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              599 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 7, 2003

Friday Review: Column: JOHNNIES IN THE BASEMENT: A new book explores Hollywood's
traditional boot camp, the mailroom

BYLINE: John Patterson

SECTION: Guardian Friday Pages, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 937 words


Before we start, an old agent joke. An out-of-work screenwriter arrives home one
evening to find that his street has been cordoned off by the LAPD. Fire engines
everywhere, ambulances, police, and smoke from a burning house down the street -
his house. Fearing the worst, he asks the detective in charge what's up.

"Triple homicide at number 8705," says the lieutenant. "Oh Jesus, no! That's my
house! My wife and daughters are inside!" screams the writer. "What happened?"
"Well, it seems the perp was invited inside, sir, then he just flipped out,
started screaming and tearing up the place. The man then raped and murdered your
family, and torched the house. We found him buck-naked in the street, covered in
blood and waving some of the, uh, bigger limbs around."

The screenwriter starts sobbing inconsolably, then asks, "What kind of maniac
could do such terrible things?" "Well . . . he's your agent." The screenwriter's
face registers a gradual transformation from anguish and despair to beatific
enchantment, astonishment, then a childlike delight. "Irv? You mean to say that
my agent . . . actually came by the house ?"

How did agents earn themselves this much toxic hatred? They serve a useful
function, surely, do all the nitty-gritty dirty work, and make their clients
rich in the process. And in return they get a reputation for venality,
ruthlessness, opportunism, treachery, callousness and amorality. An agent is one
step up from a child-molester in Hollywood.

To understand the roots of the bad rap on agents, one could do worse than read
David Rensin's The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up, a riotous
history of all the Hollywood movers and players who came into the industry
through the mailrooms of the big talent agencies. Rensin has interviewed more
than 250 of those who passed through these highly competitive training
programmes: Hollywood's equivalent of Marine boot camp, where ordinary humans
are broken down to nothing and rebuilt in the form of amoral monsters.

It's startling to realise how many of Tinseltown's present-day powermongers
started out on slave wages, delivering dry-cleaning, scripts, and even stool
samples around town (or Mike Ovitz's Christmas gifts, a process that took "six
or seven full days"), steaming open confidential letters ("We all did it" -
Elliot Roberts), and faking college credentials ("We all did it" - Jeff Wald) in
an atmosphere exemplifying everything that Darwin and Machiavelli dreamed about.

Many of the grads who started out at the bottom of the business now sit at its
pinnacle: David Geffen, the "G" in DreamWorks SKG; Elliot Roberts, Neil Young's
manager; all-purpose mogul Barry Diller; Universal studios honcho Ron Meyer;
ex-Creative Artists Associates chieftain Mike Ovitz, former "most powerful man
in Hollywood"; Bernie Brillstein, head of Brillstein-Grey; producers George
Shapiro and Howard West, Jerry Seinfeld's handlers; sometime Scorsese producer
Irwin Winkler; and Miramax production chief Meryl Poster. All of them attribute
their success to their schooling in the mailrooms, principally those at the
William Morris Agency, Lew Wasserman's MCA, International Creative Management,
and newer outfits such as Endeavor.

The mailroom is no place for cream-puffs. When Endeavor trainee Adriana
Alberghetti started at a partner's desk, she made friendly approaches until he
yelled, "Get out of my office!" Later he told her, "We have an over/under bet on
how long you're going to last. I want you to know I bet against you." Those who
can handle the abuse are usually the wilier specimens, like Geffen, blessed with
the hide of a rhino and the smarts to learn to read memos upside-down on agents'
desks. Faking college degrees and opening and resealing all the mail before
anyone arrives in the mornings might be immoral in any other industry, but in
the talent agencies, a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. "If you want to
succeed, you'd better not care too much what other people think about what
you're doing," says Geffen. "The mailroom was where you learned that if you
haven't got the patience to go through the shit, you're not going to get to the
cream."

The only cream available in the beginning, apparently, is the chance to deliver
scripts to starlets and see if they come to the door in their negligees. In the
book, the stars who come to the door in nighties or bikinis include Mae West,
Zsa Zsa Gabor, Shelley Winters, Kim Novak, Julie Newmar, Natalie Wood, Yvette
Mimieux, Sharon Stone and Uma Thurman - and not one of them puts out.

Gradually one notices that the smart Jewish and Italian kids from Brooklyn and
the Bronx who returned from the second world war are being replaced by the
sheltered children of executives and graduates of top east-coast colleges,
youngsters whose only experience is of life in the movie business, and as this
occurs one can sense the agencies becoming more and more incestuous. Certainly,
the anecdotes become steadily duller and less revelatory as the book approaches
the present day.

If agents are one of the most important groups in Hollywood - and they own the
talent, without which movies can't be made - then this growth of insularity, of
a corporate culture marked by timorousness and lack of imagination, surely
contributes to the sterility and bombast of the movies we're now bombarded with
weekly. The single most depressing thing about Rensin's trainees is that they
scarcely ever mention movies. The deal's the thing, the place where all the
creative energy is expended - the movies are apparently just an afterthought.


LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              600 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            June 23, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

From MAD to worse

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 405 words


The strategies for limiting the ability of non-nuclear nations to acquire

nuclear weapons are, superficially, simple. If existing nuclear nations

co-operate closely it will be difficult, if not impossible, for non-nuclear

nations to develop weapons. That argument is put in relation to Iran and North

Korea.

The United States persuaded Russia to stop supplying nuclear fuel to Iran to

press Iran to renounce uranium enrichment and agree to fuller inspections by

the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency. But how long this will

hold is uncertain. In the case of North Korea's unsteady but alarming march

towards acquiring nuclear weapons, it is America's shaky ally in Asia,

Pakistan, which has emerged as a supplier of technology. Pakistan has been

hauled into line (and the venality of its chief nuclear scientist exposed).

Again, for how long?

The US strategy relies heavily on Chinese influence, especially in relation to

North Korea but also with Iran and Pakistan. This strategy calls for

international co-operation to a high degree. It is not, however, an

international exercise based on a presumption of equal treatment for all

participants.

Of course, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, which came into effect in

1970, is based on an unequal relationship between the nuclear haves and

have-nots. To the extent that there are now three more haves - India, Israel

and Pakistan - it has failed. The prospect of even more nuclear haves - North

Korea and Iran - underlines its weaknesses.

One of those weaknesses is an in-built double standard. This springs from what

the IAEA's director-general, Mohamed ElBaradei, in Washington this week,

described as "the unworkable notion that it is morally reprehensible for some

countries to pursue nuclear weapons but morally acceptable for others to rely

on them".

The original nuclear powers embraced the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty to

curb the growth of nuclear weapons in others' hands and to signal their break

with the idea that had so far preserved humanity: mutually assured destruction

(MAD). Apart from the limited weapons reductions in the 1990s, there has been

precious little to show for the nuclear powers' pledge more than 30 years ago

to take immediate steps towards full disarmament. Dr ElBaradei's call for a

return to this original goal is timely. The nuclear powers' commitment to

disarmament is surely a precondition to their success in persuading non-nuclear

states to stay that way.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     May 20, 1995, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Banks turns heartland into heart of darkness

BYLINE: BRIAN DEMCHEMSKY; GAZETTE

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. H6/BREAK

LENGTH: 882 words


Rule of the Bone

By Russell Banks

Knopf, 390 pp, $ 26.95

Russell Banks has the kind of God-given talent that lets him not so much invent
characters as inhabit the heads of people who already exist. It only makes Rule
of the Bone the more disappointing.

Banks's protagonists are losers, screwups who make life miserable for their
loved ones as well as themselves. They are the products of parents - especially
fathers - who have passed on their dysfunctionality like so many bad genes. The
transaction, constantly repeated, Banks suggests, has created a malaise as
encompassing as North American culture itself.

Refracted through another lens, Banks's particular concern is child abuse. Rule
of the Bone picks up on the theme developed in The Sweet Hereafter, his last
novel, presenting the physical and emotional violence done to the young in such
transcending terms that the heartland becomes the heart of darkness.

The new book returns to the upstate New York locale that Banks calls home and
which was the setting for The Sweet Hereafter. In the earlier book, a fatal
school-bus accident sets off events that reveal the haplessness and venality of
a small-town folks and big- city lawyers who wrangle over compensation while
ignoring their children. Like a lingering accusation or an inevitable link in a
chain of cause and effect, the wrecked school bus re-appears in the new novel,
abandoned in a field on the edge of Plattsburgh and inhabited by crackheads.

This time around the misfit is Chappie (Bone) Dorset, a 14-year- old from Au
Sable Forks, N.Y. He's the kind of kid you might see outside the metro bumming
spare change - scrawny, scrappily dressed, beaten down, but, with earring and a
mohawk (fashions change faster than novels are written), a little menacing.

Chappie lives at home with a stepfather, who has sexually abused him, and a
mother too dumb and dependent to see what a creep the man she hooked up with is.
The kid cuts classes and hangs out with his metalhead friend, Russ. He deals
small-time weed and steals from his parents. When they catch him at it, Chappie
is kicked out of the house and into the legion of the homeless.

He keeps going by selling dope to the Adirondack Iron, a sad-sack motorcyle gang
whose members are as vicious as they are stupid. As long as he keeps them
supplied with pot, the motorcyclists tolerate Chappie crashing on the couch of
the apartment they inhabit above a video store. When the gang begins warehousing
stolen electronic equipment, Russ tries to rip them off with disastrous
consequences, putting him and Chappie outdoors.

It's all handled by Banks with his usual aplomb. The writing is gritty, as
immediate as morning headlines, and this despite the difficult trick of relying
on the limited vocabulary and experience of a 14-year-old narrator.

But then, the story goes disastrously off the rails. It's as if Banks did not
dare stay within a world as circumscribed as the one he has created.

His young protagonist must find redemption, some kind of wisdom that will pull
him through to manhood reasonably intact. He gets it from I-Man, a middle-aged
Rastafarian, a migrant worker from Jamaica on the lam, who turns up in the
school bus vacated by the crackheads. The Rasta's pot-hazy, live-and-let-live
philosophy is the antidote to the poison Chappie, now Bone, has imbibed from his
parents and other perverted, selfish adults. He has found a grownup who espouses
ideas unlike any he has heard, who is non-judgmental and who makes no demands of
him.

The Huck-and-Jim duo are soon off to Jamaica, a place revealed to be not exactly
a tropical paradise but one certainly offering better prospects than Au Sable.
Here the book's troubles multiply. First, there is the plot's increasing
implausibility - the no- problem way in which Bone enters Jamaica without a
passport is the smallest example. And the Caribbean ambience jars with the
kitchen- sink realism that has set the story up. The change of gears is audible.

More discomfiting is the tenor of an idea that Banks appears to be pushing.
While greed and brutality exist in Banks's Jamaica, what goodness there is comes
from the native wisdom of blacks; all that is evil and corrupting emanates from
whites, on the island, as in North America. For this reason, Au Sable - the
whole U.S. for that matter - is a no-hope place for children like Bone.

Banks has gained something of a cult following, especially in Canada, a place
that is always just on the horizon in his work. Judging from the publicity that
accompanies this book - 100,000- copy advance printing, major advertising - it
is meant to push him to the next level of success. Maybe it was performance
anxiety, but it feels like he was trying too hard to get the job done.

While Banks's postulation of a moral breakdown in North America is appealing
(how else do we explain the murder of a minister and his wife in Beaconsfield?),
the road he is travelling in Rule of the Bone seems a dangerous one. His recent
novels - Affliction, Continental Drift and The Sweet Hereafter - illustrate
admirably the complex interplay of desire, hope and circumstance that governs
people's behavior. Reducing these to black-and-white formulas is unsatisfying as
fiction or philosophy.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Russell Banks: a case of performance anxiety?

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 13, 2016 Sunday

A Win for Decency EDITORIAL

BYLINE: EDITORIAL

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 284 words


Election Day 2016 saw a win for one of the most decent public servants New York
has known these last two decades: former Assembly GOP leader John Faso.

His convincing victory over Zephyr Teachout for a Hudson Valley congressional
seat not only keeps a radical icon out of Congress, it marks victory for a guy
whose past losses have turned out to be defeats for the whole state.

In 2002, he lost a heartbreakingly close race to state Comptroller Alan Hevesi -
who was later forced from office in a pay-to-play scheme involving the very
pension funds Faso had accused him of politicizing.

Four years later, he was the designated GOP sacrificial lamb against Eliot
Spitzer for governor. He lost again, despite warning that Spitzer was
temperamentally unsuited for office.

Months later, "steamroller" Spitzer embarrassed the entire state by resigning
after being exposed as a patron of high-priced prostitutes.

Faso also entered the 2009 race for Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand's House seat, but
withdrew after party leaders supported another Republican candidate.

A Faso win in any one of those races would have been far better for New York.
Not just because he's a solid conservative, but because he's also one of the few
sincerely good and capable officials to come out of Albany - where corruption
and venality are usually the name of the game.

During his 16 years in the Legislature, Faso supplied a refreshing candor and
impressive thoughtfulness of a kind sorely lacking in Albany. Now he's precisely
the kind of Republican that House Speaker Paul Ryan should rely on to help shape
and pass the new GOP agenda.

We're glad to see that this time around, New Yorkers listened to John Faso.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 29, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TRUTH ON IRAQGATE: 'NOT IN THE SYSTEM'

BYLINE: William Safire

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 531 words


WASHINGTON On Oct. 13, 1989, a young Foreign Service officer sent a memo to his
bosses warning of multiple investigations into the corrupt diversion of U.S.
grain money for Saddam Hussein's nuclear bomb. Recently, in preparation for a
House Judiciary Committee hearing on the need for a special Iraqgate prosecutor,
that officer, Frank Lemay, asked for a State Department copy of his memo and was
surprised to see a cover note that had been attached: ''Not in the system.'' Why
was the report withheld from normal channels? Because somebody knew Secretary of
State James Baker wanted to speed another billion dollars in back-door foreign
aid to Saddam, under the improper guise of grain guarantees, and it was
important to suppress internal discussion of the spreading scandal.  Little
details of bureaucratic deception like that form a mosaic of cover-up: first, in
State's perverting the use of Agriculture's farm-export guarantees; second, in
Commerce doctoring documents to mislead Congress; finally, in the Department of
Justice delaying prosecution of a huge Iraqi fraud.  At the Judiciary Committee
hearings last week, the crusty chairman, Jack Brooks (''Been reading your hokum
for years, but you're on to something here,'' he tells me), laid part of the
groundwork for requesting a prosecutor not beholden to Justice.  President Bush
has resisted sending high-level officials to testify; but last Tuesday, the
White House wisely notified relevant departments to respond to Judiciary's
request for documents.  At the hearing, a misfeasant Commerce Department
inspector general sought to minimize or justify some 60 alterations of documents
- changing the word ''military'' to ''commercial,'' for example - digging that
department into a deeper hole. Chairman Brooks put into the record a letter from
Atlanta's U.S. District Court Judge Marvin H. Shoob calling for a special
prosecutor in the long-botched Lavoro bank case (in which Federal Reserve
oversight also broke down).  The judge, a Sirica type, wants the local bank
manager pleading guilty to come clean, naming officials and companies who
profited from his Iraqi scam.  But a prosecutor sent from Washington arranged a
last-minute plea bargain reducing the counts to 60 from 347 and permitting
months more of his silence.  Shoob told the lawyers he suspects ''an effort here
to extend the sentencing hearing until after the elections.'' In January of
1990, with U.S. funds flowing to Iraq, the Atlanta prosecutor, Gale McKenzie,
was ready to bring an indictment against Lavoro's local manager, revealing his
corruption by Iraq and not focusing on the bank headquarters in Rome.  Stupidity
or venality? A majority of the committee thinks the long delay and the current
silencing by Justice cannot be investigated by Justice. I think a request for
independent counsel will be voted; if Attorney General William Barr, to protect
his colleagues, pretends to find no credible evidence for seeking
court-appointed counsel, we will have the impeachment of a misfeasant attorney
general.  That's the system, which works. Nobody puts on a cover sheet: ''not in
the system.'' Copyright 1992 New York Times News Service

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              604 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 15, 1991, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LAST WITNESSES SUPPORT THOMAS ... EX-SUBORDINATES CALL HIM 'FINE AND DECENT;
MAN'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 833 words


WASHINGTON - Several supporters of Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas told
the Senate Judiciary Committee late Sunday that they could not imagine him
engaging in the sexual harassment alleged by Professor Anita Hill of the
University of Oklahoma.  Phyllis Berry Myers, who worked for Thomas when he was
chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, said that she had known
Thomas as ''a fine and decent man.'' She said that in all the time she had known
Thomas, ''never, never has anyone raised allegations such as Anita has.'' Diane
Holt, who was Thomas' personal secretary at the EEOC, said that ''the Chairman
Thomas that I have known for 10 years is absolutely incapable of the abuses
described by Professor Hill.'' Their testimony came after four witnesses who had
known Hill testified that she had told them at the time that Thomas had made
sexual overtures to her.  Seven other women who worked with Thomas and praised
him, were the last witnesses at the hearing.  Thomas and Hill declined the
option to return.  Under questioning, Thomas' supporters acknowledged that they
might not have known about harassment of Hill if it had occurred. But they
described Thomas as one who would not have engaged in such conduct.  J.C.
Alvarez, who now runs a business in Chicago, said that Hill had painted a false
portrait both of herself as victim and of Thomas as perpetrator.  ''The Anita
Hill I knew before was nobody's victim,'' she said. ''The Clarence Thomas I knew
and worked with also was not who Ms. Hill alleges.  . .  . Never did we ever
have a type of discussion of the type that Ms. Hill alleges; never was he the
slightest bit improper with me.'' Alvarez said that since she had suffered
sexual harassment herself, she was particularly sensitive to the issue.  Myers
testified that she thought Hill had ''a crush'' on Thomas. Sen.  Joseph Biden,
D-Del., chairman of the committee, said he felt Myers' comment was ''pure
speculation.'' Hill has denied a romantic interest in Thomas.  Nancy E. Fitch, a
professor at Temple University in Philadelphia, said she worked for Thomas at
the EEOC for seven years. ''I have known Clarence Thomas to be a person of great
integrity, morally upstanding, professional, a decent person and exemplary
boss,'' she said.  Fitch said that Thomas was too intelligent, as well as too
decent, to have engaged in sexual harassment. If he had done so, she said, ''we
would be dealing not only with venality, but with abject stupidity, with the
person shooting himself in the foot, having given someone else the gun to use at
any time.'' Charles Kothe, former dean of Oral Roberts University Law School,
said that as a special assistant at the EEOC, he had put together a 33-page
report called ''The Success Story of Clarence Thomas,'' outlining the progress
th e agency had made.  Kothe said that in April 1987, after Hill had left the
EEOC, she attended a breakfast with him and Thomas at a time when Thomas was
speaking at a conference in Tulsa, Okla. He said Hill did not seem uncomfortable
in Thomas' presence and volunteered to drive Thomas to the airport.  Kothe said
Hill spoke of Thomas ''almost as a hero.'' He said she never mentioned any
sexual harassment by Thomas.  John N. Doggett III, who knew both Hill and Thomas
at the EEOC, said he believed Hill had ''fantasized about my being interested in
her romantically'' and had accused him of leading her on.  His testimony was
designed to support the GOP suggestion that Hill fantasized the harassment by
Thomas. Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, however, said two women had told the committee
that Doggett has sexually harassed them.  Doggett denied the charge.  Biden said
that even if Hill had made the comment to Doggett, it was understandable in
light of previous social contacts between them. Biden said Doggett's conclusion
represented ''a true leap of faith or ego.'' The last panel of eight women was
seated at 1:25 a.m. Among them was Nancy Altman, who worked with both Thomas and
Hill at the Department of Education.  She said other workers would have known if
Thomas behaved improperly with Hill.  ''When sexual harassment occurs, other
women in the workplace know about it,'' she said.  Other late-night witnesses
included: Pamela Talkin, former chief of staff to Thomas at EEOC, who said
Thomas had ''a feminist's understanding of sexual politics.'' Talkin said it was
''the saddest of ironies . . . that the behavior that Judge Thomas found so
abhorrent is the very conduct of which he is now accused.'' Lori Saxon, a
confidential assistant to Thomas when he headed the Education Department's
Office of Civil Rights, who said Thomas generally left his office door open
while meeting with female employees.  Janet Brown, press secretary to Sen. John
Danforth when Thomas worked for the Missouri Republican, who said she was a
sexual harassment victim.  Thomas, she added, ''helped me through the pain.''
This article includes information from Post-Dispatch wire services.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by AP ... Sen. Joseph L. Biden speaking early Monday to
the last witnesses, all of whom favored Thomas. From left: Anne Jenkins, Nancy
Altman, Pamela Talkin, Patricia Johnson and Linda Jackson. Photo ... John N.
Doggett III ... Knew both Hill and Thomas Photo ... Charles Kothe ...  Recalls
Hill-Thomas meeting (NOTE: Photo ran in 3* edition)

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              605 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              May 22, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

PM got raw deal on patronage chief

BYLINE: Ed Lake, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 282  words


Re: PM scraps patronage panel, May 17.

I found it deeply offensive that NDP MP Peggy Nash found it "deeply offensive"
for Gwyn Morgan to address candidly issues that, while uncomfortable and
inconvenient, are nonetheless undeniable in fact. Further, the fact that the
motion to disqualify Mr. Morgan from his unpaid appointment as chief of the
proposed public- appointments commission was spearheaded by Ms. Nash, a trade
unionist accustomed to blunt confrontation who yet belongs to a party that has
no room for the intellectual honesty of a Bev Desjarlais, is breathtakingly rich
in irony.

This Commons committee brings to mind an illuminating exchange in Arthur Haley's
novel, Wheels. Two motorists collide in a Detroit-area tunnel and one of them
aggressively approaches the other in a splenetic rant. On meeting him, the first
is overcome with sudden courtesy and turns strangely polite, whereupon the
second motorist calmly reproaches him in words I now paraphrase: "Why did you
suddenly stop chewing me out the moment you saw I was black? That's racism!" Of
course it was, but worse, in that moment the white motorist showed himself a
cowardly hypocrite, too.

As a Caribbean-Canadian of half a century's standing, and one who deplores
racism in any form, I recognize that multiculturism has not yet reached its
potential of unalloyed harmony. While it indeed stands to benefit by constant
nurturing, this also includes timely repair. Toward this end, I cannot believe
that sensitively voiced honesty should ever be trumped by the venality of
electoral gain, craven quasi-tact or any other ersatz value.

From where I sit, the prime minister got a raw deal from this committee.

Ed Lake,

Kanata

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

RAIDING THE BLACK MARKET BANK;
The American authorities have swooped on what they claim is the world's biggest
money launderer. Simon Duke reports

BYLINE: Simon Duke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1364 words


The flight from Casablanca landed on a hot spring morning at Madrid's Barajas
airport. A short, stocky man grabbed his hand luggage from the overhead bin
before ambling down the gangway towards his connecting flight to Costa Rica.

It was a journey that Arthur Budovsky had taken many times before. Morocco's
financial capital was a key staging post in the 39-year-old's global empire,
based in the idyllic Central American republic.

Last Friday, though, the trip was anything but ordinary. Spanish police were
lying in wait for the Ukraine-born Costa Rican citizen.

Following a two-year international investigation - codenamed "Arthur" - he and
an associate were handcuffed and placed under arrest.

Budovsky, who also goes by the names Arthur Belanchuk and Eric Paltz, is accused
of overseeing the biggest moneylaundering operation in history. American
prosecutors say his company, Liberty Reserve, was the cyberbank of choice for
internet scammers, drug dealers and child pornography pedlars wanting to cleanse
their ill-gotten gains.

The internet identity thief who stole your credit card details is likely to have
used Liberty Reserve to wash his cash, whether he was based in Basingstoke or
Ulan Bator.

Stretching from Latin America to Vietnam, Budovsky's alleged conspiracy is a
tale of breathtaking audacity and venality. Instead of exchanging suitcases full
of used banknotes in back alleys, villains could simply wire money anonymously
to accomplices over the Liberty Reserve network, which operated one of the
world's most popular digital currencies.

The "black market bank", as it has been dubbed by American prosecutors, is
accused of helping 1m users to launder more than $6bn ((EURO)4.6bn) in dirty
money since 2006, processing 55m illicit transactions - well over 20,000 a day.
Budovsky and his accomplices are thought to have pocketed hundreds of millions
of dollars in fees and certainly enjoyed a rock'n'roll lifestyle. Costa Rican
police impounded five luxury cars from properties connected to the ring,
including three Rolls-Royces.

Structured as a "criminal business venture", Liberty Reserve was "designed to
help criminals conduct illegal transactions", said Preet Bharara, US attorney
for the southern district of New York. The authorities have begun proceedings to
extradite Budovsky from Spain.

His spectacular rise, and even more dramatic fall, highlight the explosion in
so-called virtual currencies. Bitcoins, Amazon coins and even supermarket
vouchers are little more than strings of data held on a computer server. But
they are swiftly becoming a means of exchange in the real world. It is debatable
whether watchdogs have the powers or expertise to police this booming corner of
the financial services industry. Crooks see cyberspace both as an arena for
committing crime and as a place to detoxify their dirty money.

"If Al Capone were alive today, this is how he'd be hiding his money," said
Richard Weber, head of the US Internal Revenue Service criminal investigation
division.

SETTING UP an account on Liberty Reserve was ridiculously easy. When the
American authorities opened their investigation, an undercover agent signed up
using "blatantly false information". Under an alias of "Joe Bogus", the agent
listed his address as "123 Fake Street" in "Completely Made Up City, New York".

Using the company's virtual currency, called the LR, he then made numerous money
transfers to other accounts belonging to colleagues. Attached to the payments
were memos for the recipients, including "your share of the cashout", "for ATM
skimming work" and "for the cocaine". None of this raised flags in Liberty
Reserve's system.

Knowing the identity of a customer is, perhaps, the single most important duty
placed on financial institutions.

But it was a duty Liberty Reserve brazenly flouted, say prosecutors. Among the
real accounts on the service were "blatantly criminal" monikers such as "Russia
Hackers" and "Hacker Account".

The devil-may-care stance meant Liberty Reserve quickly became a
no-questions-asked alternative to the global banking system for myriad villains
across the globe. US prosecutors allege that identity thieves, credit card
hucksters, computer hackers, child pornographers and narcotics traffickers all
used the site.

According to papers for a separate legal investigation, it also played a pivotal
role in laundering $45m which had been stolen from two Middle Eastern banks.

The company operated with startling simplicity. To launder illegal loot, crooks
merely created an account, supplying a false name and address. They would then
hand over dirty cash to "exchangers" - middlemen who converted hard currency
into virtual funds, pocketing a transaction fee of as much as 5%, according to
court papers. Users could then make transfers to another Liberty Reserve
account, and convert the cybermoney back into cash.

The business even opened a digital bazaar for criminals, where illicit services
could be bought, including stolen bank account data and illegal drugs, said
prosecutors.

Countries "without significant governmental oversight or regulation" were
targeted, with Liberty opening operations in Russia, Nigeria, Malaysia and
Vietnam, the American probe found. It had accounts with banks in other far-flung
destinations, including Cyprus, Russia, China, Morocco and a Barclays branch in
Spain.

Prosecutors have so far seized $25m from 45 accounts around the world - and said
there is "more to come".

Crucially, investigators identified a money trail between accounts controlled by
the exchangers, who collected the commissions, and Budovsky and his associates.
In addition, the US investigators claim to have found the "smoking gun" that
proves the men were fully aware they were breaking the law. In an online chat
with Vladimir Kats and Ahmed Yassine Abdelghani, two of Budovsky's associates,
Abdelghani admitted the Department of Justice knew that "LR is a
money-laundering operation that hackers use".

In 2011, Budovsky renounced his American citizenship. At that time, he told
immigration officials he was concerned that his company had developed software
that "might open him up to liability in the US", according to court papers.

The previous year, he secured Costa Rican citizenship after paying a street food
vendor $800 to marry him, according to local news reports. The marriage could
have been an attempt to evade US justice as Costa Rica does not have an
extradition treaty with America.

Budovsky's arrest in Spain was not the first time he had felt the long arm of
the law.

In 2006 he and Kats were given five-year suspended jail sentences by a New York
court for operating an unlicensed money transmission service.

THIS time round, if they are convicted, Budovsky and six associates face 20
years in an American prison.

Central to the prosecution case will be mountains of electronic data gleaned
from the powerful computers that ran the Liberty Reserve empire.

The case marks the first time search warrants have been served on a "cloud"
computer network - Liberty Reserve rented servers from Amazon Web Services, a
division of the online retail giant. Court documents show that Amazon also
directed traffic to the Liberty website and owned and controlled many of its
domain names and IP addresses.

But the fact that virtual currencies have operated undetected for years raises
questions about the ability of the current crop of financial overseers to police
fast-growing digital alternatives to cash such as Bitcoins and even Facebook
credits.

Invented four years ago, Bitcoins are a form of digital money that is gaining
popularity as a means of making and receiving payments anonymously online.
Unlike the dollar and pound, whose supply has been greatly expanded by
money-printing central bankers, there is a strict limit on the number of
Bitcoins that can be issued. This, in theory, should preserve the purchasing
power, like gold.

But the currency has gained notoriety for the wild fluctuations in its value -
and because it is used on Silk Road, a website hidden in an obscure, anonymous
corner of the internet, where users can buy hard drugs, among other things.

'' IF AL CAPONE WERE ALIVE TODAY, THIS IS HOW HE'D BE HIDING HIS MONEY

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                February 6, 2011

Observer Magazine: WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA?: Gordon Roddick is no stranger to
inspiring social and environmental change. He pioneered Fairtrade and co-founded
The Body Shop and The Big Issue - not to mention winning the Observer Ethical
Awards 2010 Lifetime Achievement Award. As guest editor of this special issue,
he introduces the remarkable people behind the latest innovative ideas for a
more sustainable - and fairer - way of life

BYLINE: Gordon Roddick

SECTION: OBSERVER MAGAZINE PAGES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 667 words


I come from a view-point that Planet Earth is very nearly a busted flush and our
leaders have not yet noticed that the world has changed forever. We can't carry
on operating under the same old system. Recent events in the economy have
governments repeating the illusion that we will "return to growth", but vital
resources of energy and minerals are finite. Surely growth is the problem and
not the solution?

We need to be more creative in our thinking. Milton Friedman and the Harvard
Business School seem like sad dinosaurs left over from an age when greed and
venality was the order of the day; and their mantra that dictated "the first
duty of a business is to maximise shareholder value" hardly seems relevant in an
age when three decades of that philosophy has left us with a sharply divided
world of haves and have-nots.

Government seems powerless to think creatively, beholden to too many influences,
excluding, of course, the electorate. Witness their inability to control the
banking system, especially RBS and its latest bonus spree. It appears to me and
to many of you, too, that it's the wrong people who are feeling the pain.

We need to change their rules of accountability so big business can become the
major contributing factor in our salvation. Imagine for a minute a world where
business, as its first objective, had to serve the good of humanity! Or energy
companies who might acknowledge that what they extracted from the earth should
serve all mankind. Sounds like a better world to me. Only this week the National
Labour Committee, a New York-based NGO that focuses on slave labour, revealed
that workers in El Salvador are paid only 8 cents for every $25 T-shirt they
sew. Their wages amount to a third of 1% of the shirt's retail price. Not much
of an argument against their having a pay rise.

We need to drop the blame game and come up with some answers. Ann Pettifor (see
page 23) reminds us that at the end of the Second World War we had a much larger
national debt than we have currently and, far from swingeing cuts, the
forward-thinking Labour government of Clement Attlee invested heavily in the
National Health Service and beyond into the welfare state - a great legacy for
the future that helped create jobs and, along with infrastructure development,
has helped us through some lean years. Ann is one of six pioneering thinkers
we're celebrating in the coming pages, whose big ideas offer a radically
different way for society to work in the 21st century.

We can no longer look to others to supply our needs. We must take on that
responsibility individually and collectively and find strength within our own
community. Matthew Fox, the American theologian excommunicated by the Pope in
1993, said: "Community comes from the word communion, to share a common task
together. It is in the sharing of the task that people do bigger things than
they knew they were capable of. Then there is really something to celebrate."

Transition Towns, the movement created by Rob Hopkins, is a shining beacon for
co-operative thinking. It is growing rapidly and, in this issue, Lucy Siegle
visits its birthplace, Totnes, to find out where it all went right (page 28).

The coming pages include many remarkable people who have thought long and hard
to bring workable ideas to the table, and I hope some of you will join us on a
different journey that will be inclusive and constructive - not to mention fun.
I have included the Yes Men (page 22), whose pranks have proved that protest and
activism doesn't have to be joyless. Let's laugh a little - it can have a
powerful effect, as proved in a very effective demonstration in Karnataka,
India, in 1994, where the people simply stood outside the parliament building
all night, laughing. They laughed and laughed until they laughed the government
right out of office.

Just a thought, but maybe we could stand outside the House of Commons and see if
Dave and Nick would join in the laughter. . .

THIS ISSUE IS DEDICATED TO THE MEMORY OF ANITA RODDICK


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                February 6, 2011

WHAT'S THE BIG IDEA?: Gordon Roddick is no stranger to inspiring social and
environmental change. He pioneered Fairtrade and co-founded The Body Shop and
The Big Issue - not to mention winning the Observer Ethical Awards 2010 Lifetime
Achievement Award. As guest editor of this special issue, he introduces the
remarkable people behind the latest innovative ideas for a more sustainable -
and fairer - way of life

BYLINE: PHOTOGRAPH SHAMIL TANNA

SECTION: OBSERVER MAGAZINE PAGES; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 658 words


I

come from a view-point that Planet Earth is very nearly a busted flush and our
leaders have not yet noticed that the world has changed forever. We can't carry
on operating under the same old system. Recent events in the economy have
governments repeating the illusion that we will "return to growth", but vital
resources of energy and minerals are finite. Surely growth is the problem and
not the solution?

We need to be more creative in our thinking. Milton Friedman and the Harvard
Business School seem like sad dinosaurs left over from an age when greed and
venality was the order of the day; and their mantra that dictated "the first
duty of a business is to maximise shareholder value" hardly seems relevant in an
age when three decades of that philosophy has left us with a sharply divided
world of haves and have-nots.

Government seems powerless to think creatively, beholden to too many influences,
excluding, of course, the electorate. Witness their inability to control the
banking system, especially RBS and its latest bonus spree. It appears to me and
to many of you, too, that it's the wrong people who are feeling the pain.

We need to change their rules of accountability so big business can become the
major contributing factor in our salvation. Imagine for a minute a world where
business, as its first objective, had to serve the good of humanity! Or energy
companies who might acknowledge that what they extracted from the earth should
serve all mankind. Sounds like a better world to me. Only this week the National
Labour Committee, a New York-based NGO that focuses on slave labour, revealed
that workers in El Salvador are paid only 8 cents for every $25 T-shirt they
sew. Their wages amount to a third of 1% of the shirt's retail price. Not much
of an argument against their having a pay rise.

We need to drop the blame game and come up with some answers. Ann Pettifor (see
page 23) reminds us that at the end of the Second World War we had a much larger
national debt than we have currently and, far from swingeing cuts, the
forward-thinking Labour government of Clement Attlee invested heavily in the
National Health Service and beyond into the welfare state - a great legacy for
the future that helped create jobs and, along with infrastructure development,
has helped us through some lean years. Ann is one of six pioneering thinkers
we're celebrating in the coming pages, whose big ideas offer a radically
different way for society to work in the 21st century.

We can no longer look to others to supply our needs. We must take on that
responsibility individually and collectively and find strength within our own
community. Matthew Fox, the American theologian excommunicated by the Pope in
1993, said: "Community comes from the word communion, to share a common task
together. It is in the sharing of the task that people do bigger things than
they knew they were capable of. Then there is really something to celebrate."

Transition Towns, the movement created by Rob Hopkins, is a shining beacon for
co-operative thinking. It is growing rapidly and, in this issue, Lucy Siegle
visits its birthplace, Totnes, to find out where it all went right (page 28).

The coming pages include many remarkable people who have thought long and hard
to bring workable ideas to the table, and I hope some of you will join us on a
different journey that will be inclusive and constructive - not to mention fun.
I have included the Yes Men (page 22), whose pranks have proved that protest and
activism doesn't have to be joyless. Let's laugh a little - it can have a
powerful effect, as proved in a very effective demonstration in Karnataka,
India, in 1994, where the people simply stood outside the parliament building
all night, laughing. They laughed and laughed until they laughed the government
right out of office.

Just a thought, but maybe we could stand outside the House of Commons and see if
Dave and Nick would join in the laughter. . .


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 7, 2006 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Laying Bare a Soviet Penal System Gone Unspeakably Awry

BYLINE: By EDWARD ROTHSTEIN

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; EXHIBITION REVIEW; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1439 words


An American-made shovel, two translucent toothbrushes, the Russian word for
''comedy'' -- sometimes it is in the small things that large truths are found.
For in a compact exhibition at Ellis Island devoted to Soviet-era prison camps
-- ''Gulag: Soviet Forced Labor Camps and the Struggle for Freedom'' -- how much
can possibly be shown to reflect the experiences of 18 million human beings who
were imprisoned in these camps over the bloody course of the 20th century?

With the retreat of the cold war into memory, what can be done in so little
space to give some sense of the kind of regime that created these slave-labor
camps, beginning with Lenin's utopian calculus, climaxing with the
megalomaniacal plottings of Stalin and still sputtering on until the Communist
system itself began to splinter in the 1980's?

In ''The Gulag Archipelago'' -- an epic account of the camps' world of death,
pain and venality -- even Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn could begin with only small
things. A 1949 issue of the journal Nature, he recalls, told of the discovery of
ancient creatures -- salamanders -- frozen in the ice of the Kolyma River. They
were so well preserved that their flesh, tens of thousands of years old, was
devoured by the excavators. ''With relish,'' he writes.

What caught his attention, though, were not the well-preserved creatures that
were found, but the fact that in that frozen wasteland, the excavations must
have been done by prisoners in one of the most notorious of the Soviet Union's
labor camps, where near-starvation did not permit much delicacy about
paleontological research.

So look to the salamanders, objects that make the horror palpable. They are
crucial in this exhibition, designed to be seen by visitors who have come to
this island museum in celebration of very different kinds of displaced persons:
immigrants who, with dedication and ambition, have sought better futures in the
United States. An introductory panel explains that the National Park Service,
which administers the Stature of Liberty and Ellis Island, collaborated with
Amnesty International USA and the Gulag Museum at Perm-36, a former labor camp,
to tell this story of repression and its legacy, even as a freer, more
democratic society is being sought in Russia.

As it turns out, in this exhibition, perhaps because of some discomfort caused
by the blunt force of this morality tale, small things tell large truths more
plainly than larger arguments. Had it been even smaller, the exhibition would
have been still more powerful.

Before considering its failings, though, begin, as this exhibition does, with
the camps themselves. In the first part of the show, amid the photographs of
laborers, the diagrams of living quarters, the pock-marked map showing the
archipelago of camps, there are the relics. The shovel, for example, was
provided by the United States to help the Soviet Union during World War II, but
it was, like many other supplies, routed to the camps, where the glories of
manual labor had been celebrated in the propaganda clips shown here on
television monitors. Shovels like this one, found not far from where the
prehistoric salamanders were devoured, were luxuries.

From 1931 to 1933, in fact, 100,000 prisoners were set to work using the crudest
of hand tools to dig a 141-mile-long canal in 20 months that would link the
White Sea and the Baltic Sea. The canal turned out to be too narrow and too
shallow to serve much purpose, but it provided a propaganda bonanza for Stalin,
supposedly demonstrating Soviet citizens working alongside one another,
transforming the world.

There are also drawings here from Stalin-era camps, including one by Evfrosiniia
Kersnovskaia, showing naked women being inducted into camp life, stumbling
across the snow: ''Above our heads the stars twinkled,'' the former prisoner
writes, ''below our bare feet lay frozen excrement.''

Evidence of the ''crimes'' that led to such fates is also compelling. On a 1949
ballot on which citizens were supposed to proclaim their support for the single
party candidate, Ivan Burylov, a beekeeper, had scrawled his intemperate
commentary, ''Comedy.'' It cost him eight years in a prison camp. As for the
toothbrushes, they are relics from the 1960's and early 70's, when a husband and
wife, both arrested as dissidents, could communicate only by inscribing such
ordinary objects with nearly invisible messages of affection.

So, in spareness and simplicity, the scale of the gulag is suggested. There are
also a few displays showing how readily many in the former Soviet Union are now
forgetting that past and resurrecting Stalin's reputation, while other displays
show how the Perm-36 camp was turned into a museum to stave off those delusions.

Then something else happens. In the last third of the exhibition, the small
objects disappear, and big concepts take their place. But in their way, they,
too, seem eager to slight the gulag past.

The exhibition's text reads:

''Brutal systems have played a prominent role in many countries, including the
United States. Although slavery ended after the American Civil War, its
consequences persist. The repercussions of the Holocaust in Europe and apartheid
in South Africa reverberate even today. Similarly, Russians face the legacy of
the gulag. How can citizens in these countries face up to the horrors of the
past?''

It turns out that the gulag museum is part of an association it helped establish
in 1999, the International Coalition of Historic Site Museums of Conscience,
described as ''a network of organizations committed to teaching and learning how
historic sites and museums can inspire social consciousness and action.''

That coalition now has 14 sites, which range from a 19th-century workhouse in
Britain to a slave house in Senegal, from the Theresienstadt concentration camp
in the Czech Republic to the Lower East Side Tenement Museum in New York. Not to
be left out, the National Park Service has its own displays about ''civic
engagement'' and points out that three of its sites are ''accredited members of
the coalition'': the Women's Rights National Historical Park in Seneca Falls,
N.Y.; the Eleanor Roosevelt National Historic Site in Hyde Park, N.Y.; and the
Martin Luther King Jr. National Historic Site in Atlanta.

No doubt noble sentiments are at work in this roster, but as a result, all
specificity and judgment disappears; conscience consumes everything and contains
nothing. To make a grand rhetorical gesture, encompassing all human injustice
when one particular example seems inconveniently egregious, has become a museum
ritual, a political tic.

When I visited the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam several years ago, the somber
concreteness of the Annex and the dread fate of its inhabitants were nearly
erased by a final multimedia display in which the Holocaust was calculatedly
eclipsed by invocations of every contemporary example of racial and social
injustice the museum could formulate. The National Underground Railroad Freedom
Center, in Cincinnati, did the same thing with American slavery, ending its
account with a potpourri of international injustices, as if recruiting activists
for a litany of causes.

In the gulag show, on a smaller scale, the approach is the same. The particulars
of the past, so carefully presented, are suddenly tossed aside, and all
differences in nature and scale are eliminated. Stalin really does get off easy.
The coalition claims a higher moral vision. Actually, it cheapens injustice,
leaving everyone equally guilty and equally innocent. Are 19th-century English
workhouses and New York tenements comparable in any way to the gulag? Is the
plight of women before receiving the vote similar to the starving of Kolyma
prisoners, who scrambled in the ice to eat prehistoric amphibians?

Harvard University's National Resource Center for Russian, East European and
Central Asian Studies is developing curriculum packets for this exhibition.
(After July 4, it will go to Boston University, and then to Independence,
Calif.; Atlanta; Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; and Washington.) The educational material I
was sent is careful and informed, but here and there are whiffs of this
homogenized conscience:

''Are there lessons to be learned from a study of the gulag that might apply to
prison systems in countries like the United States?'' the curriculum proposes
asking students. ''For example, should prisoners in this country be forced to
work jobs such as picking up trash on the highway?''

''Gulag'' runs at the Ellis Island Immigration Museum through July 4;
www.gulaghistory.org/exhibits/nps; (212) 363-3200.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A drawing by Evfrosiniia Kersnovskaia, a gulag prisoner who
depicted her labor camp's treatment of women. (Photo by Evfrosiniia Kersnovskaia
Foundation, Moscow)(pg. E1)
Prisoners at the Belbaltlag camp worked on the construction of a canal between
the White Sea and the Baltic. (Photo by Central Russian Film and Photo Archive)
Ivan Burylov was condemned to eight years for protesting ''elections.'' (Photo
by State Perm Region Archive of Political Repression)
 Mr. Burylov's ballot characterized Party election processes as ''comedy.''
(Photo by State Perm Region Archive of Political Repression)(pg. E6)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              610 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             November 03, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Moyers' undisclosed interests

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 520 words



Journalists who work to expose conflicts of interest or other ethical lapses on
the part of the subjects they cover have a responsibility to avoid conflicts of
interest themselves. At the very least, they have an obligation to disclose any
personal or professional conflicts to their audience. Otherwise, the credibility
of their work is inherently compromised.

Any decent journalist is aware of that basic rule, but some journalists consider
themselves above the rules. For example, Bill Moyers, one of the country's most
influential broadcast journalists, won widespread attention and acclaim for a
series of recent reports he produced on the issue of campaign finance reform.
Yet Moyers didn't disclose to his audience that he is the well-compensated
president of a foundation that has spent millions of dollars attempting to
change our campaign finance laws. Nor did he disclose that many of the sources
featured in his reports are recipients of his foundation's grants.

Moyers' conflict was not one of venality - although, thanks in part to the
healthy salaries he and his son have received as executives of the Florence &
John Schumann Foundation, Moyers has done exceedingly well by doing good. Most
of the groups that have received Schumann money, such as the Center for
Responsive Politics and the Center for Public Integrity, have made a
constructive contribution to the national debate on subjects such as campaign
finance reform.

However, not every responsible group agrees with the entire agenda of Moyers and
his favored organizations. Some have conducted research suggesting that the
influence of special-interest money in state and national politics actually has
declined in modern times. Others raise First Amendment concerns about some of
the reforms advocated by Moyers and groups he supports. Those contrary voices
are almost never heard in Moyers' reports. And what incentive does he have to
include them?

Moyers, who served as one of President Lyndon Johnson's closest aides more than
30 years ago, was a trailblazer of one of the most troubling trends of modern
journalism: the blurring of the lines between reporting and advocacy. A
procession of other former government flacks, from Pat Buchanan to George
Stephanopoulos, has since followed Moyers through the revolving door to
broadcast journalism, and the credibility of the medium has suffered as a
result.

Moyers isn't troubled by his conflicting roles. But then, he doesn't view
himself as a mere journalist. "I practice journalism as a form of public
education," Moyers loftily informed the Knight Ridder reporters who questioned
him about relationship between his television reports and his foundation work.

But wouldn't the public be better educated if Moyers fully disclosed his
financial interests in the issues on which he reports - and if Moyers offered a
forum to responsible sources who disagree with the views that he and his
beneficiaries espouse? However noble the cause, one-sided stories reported by
advocates with undisclosed interests have much more in common with propaganda
than with public education.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              611 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   January 3, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

'INVISIBLE GOVERNMENT'; CURTIS ZEROES IN ON HOUSE 'OMBUDSMANSHIP'

BYLINE: Reviewed by Gerald T. Dunne

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 469 words


CONGRESIONAL INTENT By Thomas B Curtis and Donald L. Westerfeld 192 pages,
Praeger, $ 39,95 MONEY TALKS Coporate PACs and Poltiical Influence By Dan
Clawson, Alan Neustadt and Denise Scott 272 pages, Basic, $ 25

THE FOUNDING FATHERS built better than they knew. The one component of their
grand design originally committed to popular control - the House of
Representatives - has had historically the worst reputation.

More than a quarter century ago, a longtime Missouri member, the late Richard
Bolling, protested in "House Out of Order" (1966) that malapportioned
constituencies, personal venality and sheer mechanical inefficiency constituted
a major roadblock to enactment of the liberal agenda.

While not everyone would regard that consequence as a bad thing, another
longtime Missouri congressman, Thomas Curtis, now advances from the other side
of the political spectrum the far more serious charge that the House has
undergone a fundamental mutation, changing from a representative and
deliberative body into a vortex of ombudsmanship for self-serving forces seeking
the largest slice of the federal pie.

The former congressman and coauthor Donald L. Westerfeld charge in
"Congressional Intent" that the coalition of executive pressures, high-powered
lobbyists and corporate PAC-men (directors of political action committees)
constitutes an invisible government turning the formal legislative process into
a charade that sits only to ratify decisions made elsewhere.

One strand of the Gordian knot that Curtis describes is dissected in "Money
Talks," a racy, streetwise commentary by three sociologists on two dollar totals
advanced early in the book: That in 1988, the average House member spent $
383,000 (3.1 years' salary) in getting elected and that the Senate counterpart
spent $ 3,745,000 (27.9 years' salary).

These pressures have loosed a torrent of political spending that seems totally
subversive of the democratic process, and is all the more insidious for being
subtle rather than strident: Votes are not purchased for high-visibility issues;
rather, access is purchased for discreet amendments.

Curtis concludes his book with a four-point program to get the House back to its
initial constitutional purpose and away from the ombudsmanship.  These four
points are independent congressional auditing, term limits, enforcement of the
longstanding ban on lobbying with appropriated funds and reinvigoration of the
Federal Election Commission.

The proposal necessarily includes PAC reform, the need for which is highlighted
in "Money Talks" by a quotation from Charles Keating, whose name was
immortalized by the senators/ombudsmen of the Keating Five. When asked whether
PAC contributions had prompted their interest in his case, Keating responded: "I
hope so."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Thomas B. Curtis

TYPE: REVIEW BOOK

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              612 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 April 25, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Olympic autocrat

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 324 words


If we gave credence to all the posthumous gilding of his reputation, we might
mistake Juan Antonio Samaranch, who died on Wednesday at 89, for a man of
towering principle whose 21 years as leader of the Olympic movement both
epitomised and protected the nobility of its original ideals. Some of us would
be more inclined to see him as one of the 20th century's great masters of
diplomatic networking and political expediency, a Catalan who might have taught
Machiavelli a trick or two.

His tenure as president of the International Olympic Committee between 1980 and
2001 saw a huge swelling of the financial strength and global influence of the
Games once he had steered them beyond the enfeebling turbulence of tit-for-tat
American and Soviet boycotts in 1980 and 1984 and set about securing vast
television contracts and sponsorship deals. Moves to involve athletes actively
in the workings of the IOC also brought him credit. But running through
everything he did there seemed to be the attitudes and skills that had raised
him to positions of eminence during Francisco Franco's long-lasting fascist
dictatorship in Spain (conspicuously committed to the Falangist cause, he was
civil governor of Barcelona and later de facto minister for sport), especially
reliance on a system of patronage, on surrounding himself with people amenable
to his autocratic ways. As one obituarist pointed out, the culture he created
"incubated the corruption scandals that blighted the last years of his
presidency".

The worst of those was, of course, the exposure of multi-million-dollar venality
in connection with the IOC's granting of the 2002 Winter Games to Salt Lake
City. And there were other huge blemishes on Samaranch's record, notably extreme
tardiness in tackling the pervasive problem of performance-enhancing drugs and
the nepotism that ushered his son into IOC membership. He did more to take the
Olympics towards wealth and power than towards purity.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                              April 2, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Baseball's big opening day... except in Montreal; Still blaming Claude Brochu?

BYLINE: Bill Young, Special to The Record

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1368  words


Opening Day! The beginning of another baseball season. All across the land
impatient fans are welcoming home their boys of summer. Bunting flutters from
field-level boxes, VIPs struggle with ceremonial first pitches, creaky
old-timers wave to the crowd, and the 2007 edition of major league baseball is
officially launched.

Except in Montreal. There, for the third consecutive year, fans will observe
these happy moments from a distance -- orphans in a storm, bitterly cursing
their fate.

And wherever they congregate to talk about baseball -- be it the local sports
bars and brasseries, or the sport pages and talk radio -- expect that one
unifying theme will be former Expos President Claude Brochu. "It's all his
fault," they will be saying. "He's the reason baseball has disappeared from
Montreal. Blame Brochu."

But is he? Perhaps it is time to take a second look.

Who is he?

Claude Brochu served as chief executive officer of the Montreal Expos from
October 1986, when he succeeded John McHale as team president, until late into
1999. That was when his ownership partners wrestled control from him and invited
the tandem of Jeffrey Loria and his son David Sampson to take over the team.
Five years later the club was gone, moved to Washington, D.C., and labelled the
Nationals.

Unquestionably, in Montreal's baseball mythology, Claude Brochu is considered a
very bad man. He is the one, either through incompetence or venality, who
single-handedly destroyed the Expos. "Just a bean-counter" one local
sportscaster called him. "He didn't care about the Expos, just the bottom line."

Jacques Doucet, long-time voice of the Expos French-language broadcasts and a
friend, has stated that Brochu must be held responsible. "After all," says
Doucet, "he was the managing partner. The buck stopped with him."

As recently as May 2005, former Expos fan-supreme and Eastern Townships'
favourite, Donald Sutherland, was still telling Montreal's Gazette that he had
soured on the Expos years ago because, "Claude Brochu...alienated them from me.
He wasn't a baseball man, he was just an opportunist."

PASSING IT AROUND

But is it really that simple? Perhaps culpability lies elsewhere. What about his
partners? The fans? Baseball itself? Or possibly, as author Marc Robitaille once
suggested, the demise of the Expos can be attributed, as much as anything, to a
burst of extraordinary "bad timing."

Indeed, one might well suggest that Brochu, far from playing the blackguard of
the piece, was the sole member of his group to have any idea how to salvage the
franchise. Considered from a different angle, Brochu emerges as an isolated
visionary, ultimately beaten down by time and circumstance, and choked by the
absence of good will.

One former Expos beat writer now contends that "all of us in the Montreal media
at that time are guilty of demonizing Brochu." He blames the partnership,
suggesting that "at some point the whole object of the exercise became trying to
find a way out." He might well be right.

Claude Brochu says that one of the reasons he became involved in with the Expos
was to create a legacy. "I am generally satisfied with what I accomplished," he
has said. "It was a good run."

And he has a point. Throughout his regime, even while working against difficult
odds, he accomplished much.

"During my tenure we saved the team in 1991," he says. "We built a first class
spring training and minor league complex in Jupiter in 1998 and yes, we had a
vision and plan for a new downtown ball park in Montreal. We came within an inch
of pulling it off."

Had Brochu not been determined to keep the team in the hands of Quebec owners
and in Montreal in 1989 once original owner Charles Bronfman declared his
intention to sell, there is no telling what might have happened. "If I, a known
quantity to baseball, had not decided to step up, baseball would have then
solicited outside ownership a la Loria, which might have worked for a year or
two."

Out on the field, he says, "we had winning teams that were young, aggressive
overachievers." As fans recall to their bitter chagrin, the 1994 Expos were the
best in baseball until sandbagged by a players' strike and the unsettled climate
which followed.

drafting and developing young players, Brochu declares without hesitation that
"we were, in my mind, and many others in baseball agreed, the best in the
business."

Along the way, Brochu proved his mettle as a baseball man, earning the
confidence and respect of the Major League baseball hierarchy -- from
Commissioner Bud Selig on down.

"The Expos organization [was] one of the leaders in the small market group," he
says, "instrumental in getting revenue sharing -- which today transfers $300
million from richer to poorer clubs."

Brochu served on most of baseball's major committees and was the first Canadian
elected to the Executive Council, effectively the governing body for Major
League Baseball. "We were respected and we were somebody within baseball," he
says.

So what went wrong?

The short answer is that Claude Brochu was never able to convince his partners
that he had the wherewithal to lead the Expos down the pathway to success.
Because of this, when things went sour in the mid-1990s, his colleagues were
quick to take their dissatisfaction out of the board room and into the public
forum. And the media jumped on board.

The fans, badly burnt by the 1994 players' strike and the fire sale that
followed, and fired up by the co-owners and the media, began to lose faith with
the Expos, and Brochu in particular. His actions, rather than the team's
on-field performance, became the story, and the fan base withered away.

The Expos last chance for redemption lay with the dream of a downtown stadium.
Brochu maintains that he was ready to deliver the project, that all the pieces
in place -- land, design, financing, government approval -- until a fateful day
in Quebec City when then-premier Lucien Bouchard unexpectedly declared that he
was withdrawing promised government support.

"September 2, 1998," says Brochu. "That night, in the conference room at the
bunker [the premier's office], the stadium project died. The team was on life
support. It was the beginning of the end."

The partners' opposition continued unabated, eventually becoming so public and
so acrimonious that in May 1999, the Expos vice-president of Baseball
Operations, Bill Stoneman, wrote to Jacques Menard, co-owner and self-appointed
spokesperson for the partnership, excoriating him and several of his colleagues
for "inciting the media to join you in a public relations campaign reminiscent
of some of the dirtiest political campaigns in memory, mostly directed at Claude
Brochu."

Baseball commissioner Bud Selig also weighed in. Severely rapping Menard's
knuckles, he wrote, "I am very distressed that as members of the Montreal Expos
partnership, you have improperly taken it upon yourself to comment publicly on
issues so critical to the survival of the franchise." And Bob DuPuy, baseball's
chief legal officer, called disparaging remarks made about Brochu "unjustified"
and "absolutely counter to all of our discussions and violated the integrity of
the process."

All of this took place almost 10 years ago. By the end of 1999, the Expos
partners had prevailed: Brochu was out and Jeffrey Loria was in. Two years
later, Loria sold the franchise to Major League Baseball and used the capital to
purchase the Florida Marlins. Baseball then operated the Expos until 2004 when
they shipped the club off to Washington's RFK Stadium. And then spent another
two years looking for a new owner.

Which brings us back to the beginning. What about Claude Brochu? Was he the
architect of the Expos gross misfortune or just a convenient scapegoat?

There is no simple answer, of course -- but one does wonder what would have
happened had Brochu been encouraged by his partners rather than hamstrung at
every turn, if the stadium project had been allowed to fully develop, if the
fans and the media could have become convinced that a new beginning was just
around the corner.

Food for thought on opening day, indeed...

This article is a significantly reworked piece from a book Bill Young co-wrote
with Danny Gallagher, titled Remembering The Montreal Expos.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Courtesy of Claude Brochu; Claude Brochu in happier times, flanked by
Dennis Martinez and Larry Walker. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    September 29, 2003 Monday Final Edition

Critics called him best ever U.S. director: Discovered brando, dean, beatty.
Oscar-winning movies included On the Waterfront, Gentleman's Agreement

SOURCE: New York Times

BYLINE: MERVYN ROTHSTEIN

SECTION: News; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

Elia Kazan, who died yesterday at his home in New York, was an immigrant child
of a Greek rug merchant who became one of the most honoured and influential
directors in Broadway and Hollywood history. He was 94.

Kazan's achievements in theatre and cinema helped define the U.S. experience for
more than a generation.

Kazan was a founder and longtime co-director of the Actors Studio; a founder
with Robert Whitehead of the first repertory theater at Lincoln Centre; a member
of the fabled Group Theatre in the 1930s; the favourite director of a generation
of new U.S. playwrights, including the two most important, Tennessee Williams
and Arthur Miller; and in his later years a best-selling novelist. He received
best-director Tony awards for staging two of Miller's plays, All My Sons (1947)
and Death of a Salesman (1949), and Archibald MacLeish's J.B. (1959).

To many critics, he was the best director of U.S. actors in stage and screen
history, discovering Marlon Brando, James Dean and Warren Beatty and redefining
the craft of film acting. In 1953, critic Eric Bentley wrote that "the work of
Elia Kazan means more to the American theatre than that of any current writer."

In Hollywood, seven of Kazan's films won a total of 20 Academy Awards. He won
best-director Oscars for Gentleman's Agreement, a 1947 indictment of
anti-Semitism, and On the Waterfront in 1954. On the Waterfront, a searing
depiction of venality and corruption on the New Jersey docks, won eight Oscars.
Kazan received an Oscar for lifetime achievement in 1999.

The lifetime-achievement award was controversial because in 1952 Kazan angered
many of his friends and colleagues when he acknowledged before the House
Un-American Activities Committee that he had been a member of the Communist
Party from 1934 to 1936 and gave the committee the names of eight other party
members. He had previously refused to do so, and his naming of names prompted
many people in the arts, including those who had never been Communists, to
excoriate him for decades.

Elia Kazanjoglous was born on Sept. 7, 1909, in Constantinople. Kazan studied at
Yale University's Drama School for two years and then joined the Group Theatre
in New York as an actor and assistant stage manager.

The Group Theatre specialized in the Stanislavsky "Method" form of acting, the
actor's experiencing internally the emotion he is to emulate onstage, relating
the character's feelings to his own experience.

Several years later, as an assistant stage manager for the Theatre Guild, Kazan
saw another theory. "There was no emotion," he wrote. "Only skill." From then
on, Kazan sought to combine the two approaches - the psychological and the
professional, or technical - in his work.

Kazan got his big break in 1942 when he directed Thornton Wilder's fantastic
history of mankind, The Skin of Our Teeth.

He soon became a major force on Broadway through his collaborations with the
playwrights Miller and Williams.

------

Kazan's Works

Films (mostly as director, sometimes also producer or writer):

The People of the Cumberlands, 1937; It's Up to You, 1941; A Tree Grows in
Brooklyn, 1945; The Sea of Grass, 1947; Boomerang, 1947; Gentleman's Agreement,
1947; Pinky, 1949; Panic in the Streets, 1950; A Streetcar Named Desire, 1951;
Viva Zapata! 1952; Man on a Tightrope, 1953; On the Waterfront, 1954; East of
Eden, 1955; Baby Doll, 1956; A Face in the Crowd, 1957; Wild River, 1960;
Splendor in the Grass, 1961; America America, 1963; The Arrangement, 1969; The
Visitors, 1972; The Last Tycoon, 1976;

Plays (as director):

The Skin of Our Teeth, 1942; Harriet, 1943; Jacobowsky and the Colonel, 1944;
Deep Are the Roots, 1945; All My Sons, 1947; A Streetcar Named Desire, 1947;
Death of a Salesman, 1949; Camino Real, 1953; Tea and Sympathy, 1954; Cat on a
Hot Tin Roof, 1955; The Dark at the Top of the Stairs, 1957; JB, 1958; Sweet
Bird of Youth, 1959; After the Fall, 1964; But for Whom, Charlie? 1964; The
Changeling, 1964

Books:

America, America, 1962; The Arrangement, 1967; The Assassins, 1972; The
Understudy, 1974; Acts of Love, 1978; The Anatolian, 1982; Elia Kazan - A Life,
1988

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: INGE MORATH, PBS; Arthur Miller (left) and Elia Kazan were
friends and coworkers until Kazan's appearance before the House Un-American
Activities Committee in 1952.

TYPE: Obituary

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             January 4, 2008 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Black-hearted GOLD;
In ``There Will Be Blood,'' Paul Thomas Anderson and Daniel Day-Lewis create a
stunning portrait of greed and inhumanity.

BYLINE: Colin Covert, Staff Writer

SECTION: SCENE; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 777 words


"There Will Be Blood" is an epic about that most American trait, ambition. We
see it in the determination of Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) to wrest a
fortune out of California's bedrock, and in the resolve of writer/director Paul
Thomas Anderson to make the prospector's story a classic in the mold of "Citizen
Kane," "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" and "Greed." Each attains his goal,
and each goes a bit mad in the end.

The story opens in a landscape as bleak and primordial as the dawn of time.
Against a dissonant, modernist orchestral score by Radiohead guitarist Johnny
Greenwood, Anderson shows us a panorama of raw, unforgiving hills. At the bottom
of a vertical shaft, Plainview hacks at the earth, looking for a glint of
silver. For 15 minutes we watch him labor in wordless solitude, defining himself
as a figure of elemental willpower almost impervious to pain.

When he finally speaks, we see that he's almost as insensitive to the pain of
others. In his new vocation as a successful oilman, his craft is to swindle
landowners out of their mineral rights. The obsessively guarded Plainview charms
his marks with his promises of fair dealing and family values. But the
fresh-faced boy he introduces as "H.W., my son and partner," is the orphan of a
man killed in one of Plainview's mines; he took the infant under his wing
largely as a public relations prop. Misdirection is his stock in trade. He
rarely speaks to communicate, but to get something from someone else, and
usually he succeeds. His smile is pure venality.

When he learns of a failing farm where the soil weeps black crude, he
impersonates a quail hunter and sets about cheating the trusting, pious
landowner. But the man's son Eli (Paul Dano), a charismatic young evangelist who
has some idea what the land is worth, opposes Plainview. They lock horns in a
dinner table conversation that crackles with unspoken mutual contempt. They
enter into a taunting, bitter clash of wills that magnifies each man's flaws -
Eli is as much a fraud as Plainview is - and drives the story to its shocking,
unexpected conclusion.

"There Will Be Blood" is a work of stunning intelligence and dramatic sweep, a
portrait of a young nation struggling to find itself, torn between religious and
business values. (Upton Sinclair, the socialist writer whose 1927 novel "Oil!"
inspired the film, included progressive labor as a factor in the struggle;
Anderson, mindful of the spirit of our present era, has left it out.)

The film's recreation of California in the early 20th century is wonderfully
evocative, with rough-hewn drilling camps and ugly, ludicrous, extravagant manor
houses. It's never nostalgic; it deliberately keeps the audience at arm's
length, without clearly drawn heroes or villains. Plainview is silhouetted
against a diabolical jet of flaming oil, and Eli is framed against a
cross-shaped window that lets sunlight into his chapel, but neither is simply
good nor evil. Day-Lewis gives a performance intense enough to fuse your
ganglia, and Dano makes Eli's convulsive religious fervor every bit as menacing.

Who wins the battle is unimportant in the film's eyes. It continually keeps us
guessing as to which is the villain and which is the anti-hero. A scene where
Plainview hypocritically presents himself to Eli's congregation as a repentant
sinner is so electric with malice it almost short-circuits the film.

Day-Lewis' performance is nothing less than breathtaking, and Anderson's austere
direction, with its cuts between harsh vistas and confined, claustrophobic
interiors, conjures high tension out of sheer atmosphere. The film's finale, a
kind of metaphorical "High Noon" showdown, takes place not on a tumbleweed
street but in a mansion's bowling alley. It's an almost intolerably painful
sequence and it strikes with such hurricane force that it might startle some
viewers into stunned laughter.

I was appalled by the moment's operatic daring; it took some reflection to see
how it fit the story's master scheme. The savage scene is the cathartic release
that the film has been relentlessly working toward for three hours. It's a
gusher of pure black gold.

Colin Covert - 612-673-7186

THERE WILL BE BLOOD

4 out of four stars

The setup: An oilman (Daniel Day-Lewis) and an evangelist (Paul Dano) lock horns
in a decades-long power struggle.

What works: A towering performance by Day-Lewis, Anderson's ambitious,
intelligent storytelling, and a chillingly dissonant score by Radiohead's Johnny
Greenwood.

What doesn't: At a full three hours, the film does go on.

Great scene: Dano's humiliating "exorcism" of Day-Lewis in front of his
congregation.

Rating: R for some violence.

Where: Uptown.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 17, 2002 Saturday 1ST EDITION

EDITORIAL Senate race marred by mud

SECTION: RMN; Pg. B-23

LENGTH: 458 words


If the opening days of the general election campaign offer any  indication,
Colorado is in for a rocky - and muddy - ride.

We've watched the U.S. Senate set-to between incumbent  Republican Wayne Allard
and second-time challenger Tom Strickland  grow increasingly shrill and
personal. In the post-Enron world,  guilt by association has become the order of
the day. Each  candidate seems convinced that, if he can just tar his opponent
with even a tangential connection to corporate scandal, he'll be  well on the
road to election.

We think voters are more sophisticated than that. They flatly  dislike the
dominance of money in politics, but they also don't  appear to believe that
political contributions alone can befoul a  candidate's soul.

Strickland surely fired the first volley in the mudfight. But  we never quite
located the smoking gun he saw in Allard - and at  least 45 other congressfolk -
asking for a six-month delay in  implementation of proposed accounting reforms.
That was a year and  a half ago. Hindsight has told us a lot since then, but not
all  dumb mistakes translate to venality. (It is a bit implausible,  though, for
Allard now to be making the latter-day claim that he's  a two-fisted fighter
against corporate corruption.)

It was  Allard's turn this week to up the accusation ante. And he did it  in
spades, introducing the first of what will doubtless be an  interminable series
of the 'lawyer-lobbyist' negative ads that  served him so well in his 1996 win
over Strickland. The new  series, based on Strickland's freely admitted legal
work for  Global Crossing, raises guilt-by-association to a new high.
Strickland was a lawyer. He represented a client. It's  particularly
disingenuous for Allard to see evil in that  relationship when his own GOP
compatriot, Interior Secretary Gale  Norton, is also a lawyer who also
represented Global Crossing -  working, in fact, with Strickland.

Why is it that's what's respectable for a Republican is  reprehensible for a
Democrat? Can Allard spell 'double standard?'  And why is it OK to paint
Strickland as a 'lawyer-lobbyist,'  blithely ignoring his service as U.S.
attorney? Would Allard also  slap the 'lawyer-lobbyist' label on Norton?

In our view, two good candidates are vying to represent  Colorado in Washington.
Either could serve us well. But the  name-calling that's now dominating the race
merely serves to  demean two good people and to further erode the
already-fragile  public trust.

And it's only August. If it's this nasty now, what can we  expect in November?
Colorado would be much better served by  candidates who concentrated on issues,
not mud.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 5, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

First priority for the new administration: get rid of PACs

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 2169 words



Editor: Representative democracy.

     "A form of government in which the supreme power is vested in the    people
and exercised by them directly through a system of    representation and
delegated authority in which the people choose their    officials and
representatives at periodically held free elections." A    republic.

     This is the form of government that the forefathers provided under    our
Constitution.

     If anyone is left with the illusion that this is the government    under
which we are now governed, he should read The Power Game by    Hedrick Smith
after 25 years on the Washington scene as a reporter for    the New York Times.


     We now have a new form of government not envisioned by the founding
fathers, nor is it deliberately conceived, but has grown like Topsy in
response to media politics.

     In addition to our duly elected representatives, we now have a
non-elective elite composed of over 26,000 lobbyists (7,500 for foreign
states and businesses) that have almost total influence over our    national
agenda through their access to almost unlimited funds. They    answer to no one
except their masters and have utter disregard for our    national interests.

     This is not a cabal to subvert the government but the lobbyists are    held
together by their venality, greed, money raising ability and the    power it
brings. Deliberate or not, the result may well be the downfall    of our
democracy as we perceive it.

      The power of this unelected group is exacerbated by the
industrial-military-political coterie that has its hands in every    taxpayer's
pocket, blocking all efforts to having an efficient military    establishment;
by others who thwart every attempt to regulate the    unfettered use of
fiduciary money to invest in "junk bonds," (the    Florida real estate of the
'20s and the tulip bulb mania) which harbor    the seeds of financial disaster.

     The removal or regulation of these lobbyists - PACs - should be of    the
highest priority for the new administration, whoever it might be.

     It is time to move the money changers out of the temple.

 Tyre H. Rimes, St. Petersburg A hidden tax

   Editor: Now that Congress has passed the catastrophic protection    benefit
bill senior citizens are beginning to find out that they are    not getting
anything for nothing. In making out their 1989 income tax    they will find a
hidden tax on senior citzens. They better demand that    Congress repeal the
so-called supplemental premium in this law and find    a more reasonable option
for paying the cost.

 Leo Applebaum, St. Petersburg Amendment 4

   Editor: This election year has brought out more negative campaigning    than
any other time in history. That is why it was so refreshing to see    the list
of endorsers for Amendment 4. How impressive it is that such    diverse and
influential people can put aside differences and come    together for the sake
of Florida's future. I have never seen an    amendment with such broad-based
support.

     Perhaps that is because of the nature of the amendment. Anyone who    gets
behind the wheel of a car in this great state, can tell horror    stories about
the roads they travel. The exact location may change, but    the stories of
congestion and deficient highways remain the same.

 Amendment 4 will pave the way to safer roads by ensuring that funds are
available for the highway program almost immediately without any cost    to the
driver.

     I have worked for better transportation for 20 years and have    traveled
Florida's highways and seen how our growth has far exceeded    the capacity of
numerous highways. As chairman for the Campaign for    Amendment 4, I have had
the opportunity to share this knowledge with    citizens all over the state and
the support has been overwhelming.

     I feel honored to include my name with such a prominent list of
supporters. Govs. Martinez, Askew, Mixson and Bryant have sworn to    serve
Florida and feel it can best be served by the passage of    Amendment 4.

     Nov. 8 I will get in my car and know I helped make the roads safer    for
my loved ones.

 Donald R. Crane Jr., Chairman Campaign for Amendment 4, Tampa A vote    for Ron
Paul

   Editor: The electoral college shoves its choice of presidential    candidates
down the throats of the voting public. If we disapprove of    both, we're
conditioned to vote for "the lesser of the two evils."

 Well, I don't think there is a "lesser" in 1988.

      A column in the St. Petersburg Times by James J. Kilpatrick spoke    about
the Libertarian candidate, Dr. Ron Paul. The column reported Dr.    Paul has no
illusions about winning, "though he cheerfully observes    that if all the
people who are dissatisfied with George Bush and    Michael Dukakis would vote
for him, he'd make a respectable showing."

     I'll cast my vote for Dr. Ron Paul because the thought of Bush or
Dukakis running our country frightens me. A "respectable showing" by    Dr. Paul
would certainly send a message to the present candidates, no    matter which one
is elected.

     In our state election process, I suggest we end the closed-primary
system in Florida. In Florida's primaries, we aren't allowed to vote    for the
candidate we feel is most ethical and best qualified unless    that person is on
the ballot of our individual party affiliation. And,    in the primaries we
aren't allowed to write in a name either.

     Both in our nation and in the state of Florida, there must be a    better
way to select our candidates.

 Dottie Atwater, Crystal River Willie Horton

   Editor: Just stop and think - Willie Horton could possibly determine    the
election of our president. Which in turn, determines the future of    our
country.

 William Seaman, Gulfport Some more equal than others

   Editor: Re: Pepper leaves hospital, Oct. 25.

     Regarding the recent story on Rep. Claude Pepper and his minor    surgery,
although I admire Rep. Pepper and his championing the causes    of all senior
citizens, I am sorry to see a double standard in the    medical care given to
him.

     His "minor surgery" was done as an inpatient and he stayed for    three
more days "to recover." I certainly wish him the best, but all    other Medicare
patients would have been required to have this as an    outpatient and go home
the same day. Overnight stay is forbidden in the    hospital and the doctor
would not be allowed to bill Medicare, would be    fined $ 2,000 from Medicare,
and would be subject to losing all future    Medicare participation. No patient
should ever be denied medical care    or Medicare reimbursement because of a
bureaucrat in Washington who    desires to balance the budget on the back of our
senior citizens. Your    readers must realize that it is Congress who has
imposed the    restrictive demands on all patients, hospitals and physicians.

     In a land where we are all "equal" it would seem that some    congressmen
are more equal than others.

 Mark A. Sibley, M.D., F.A.C.S., St. Petersburg 'Crass tardiness'

   Editor: At the beginning of November we were told that October was    B
proclaimed National AIDS Awareness and Prevention Month. Such crass    tardiness
is just another slap in the face from President Reagan and    his administration
for all those who care about their fellow men and    women. Surely the gravest
threat to the world's health today deserves    more honest consideration than
that. Dare we to expect better from Bush    if he is elected president? I think
not.

 Regina Matthews, St. Petersburg Amendment 10


   Editor: Amendment 10 isn't a panacea for the increased costs of    consumer
goods, insurance and medical care, but it's a step in the    right direction for
the much-needed tort reform in our legal system.

     Plaintiff lawyers who handle tort cases have an average income of    $
163,000 per year, and the defense attorneys hired by the insurance    companies
make $ 135,000, even with the glut of 700,000 attorneys in the    country. The
National Center for State Courts reported that the filing    of tort lawsuits
has risen at a faster rate than current growth rate,    and nationwide lawsuits
resulting in awards of more than $ 1-million    numbered 27 in 1975 and 488 in
1985. In 1987, nationwide, only    $ 16.5-billion out of $ 21.5-billion actually
went to beneficiaries. Half    of the total awards went to lawyers' fees, court
costs, and processing    expenses, not to those whose misfortune prompted the
suit. Plaintiff's    lawyers almost universally charge clients 40 percent
(contingency fee)    of any settlement or award, and lawyers who refer cases to
more    experienced personal injury attorneys get a percentage of the cut.

     Of course, physicians have special interest in Amendment 10;

 malpractice suits, (along with product liability cases) have the    highest
awards. But they account for only 12 percent of the 30,000 jury    verdicts in
court cases annually, according to Jury Verdict Research,    Inc.
Insurance companies initially fork over the money, but they're only
intermediaries who shift their costs to every policyholder. Physicians    and
manufacturers raise fees, limit services and raise prices. The    television ads
would have us believe that the money saved by Amendment    10 would go mainly to
the insurance companies (I think we all agree the    industry needs stricter
regulation), but A.M. Best Co. reports that    there have been more pay-outs,
overhead expenses and litigations costs    than income through premium payments
with profits coming mainly through    asset investments. If Florida was so
profitable, why did some companies    leave the state?

     The politicians also have their interests to protect. The legal
community has some very well-funded political action committees who can
contribute heavily to supporting lawmakers. Also, a large percentage of    our
key office holders are from the legal profession to which they'll    return.
Even extremely popular key officals need the kind of support    various
political interest groups can provide. The Federal Election    Commission's
Office of Public Records shows that Claude Pepper's list    of contributors for
last year is 164 pages long.

     There are several other states with tort amendments on the ballots    this
year, as well as insurance reform legislation. Florida is not    alone with its
lawsuit crisis. Amendment 10 would limit the intangible    concept of
non-economic loss to $ 100,000, but it is being fought hard    because it
accounts for about 47 percent of the typical jury verdict    award. And we know
where that comes from.

 Hursel Adkins, D.O., Seminole

    Editor: Amendment 10 is a poorly conceived item to submit to the    voters.
It is naive to assume that insurance premiums will be reduced    for the medical
profession if Amendment 10 is approved.

     Insurance corporations operate nationally and have, as their first
priority, the generation of profits for their stockholders. And there    is
nothing wrong with that motive unless it is carried to excess.

 However, money saved by limiting awards for "pain and suffering" will    simply
be diverted to offset losses in other states.

     Nothing in Amendment 10 compels the insurance industry to reduce
premiums. In order to be effective, such legislation needs to be    enacted at
the federal level.

     As it stands, the doctors and lawyers are engaged in a battle of    wishful
thinking revealed through seriously flawed television tidbits.

 Earl Johnson, Sun City Center Open season on the elderly

   Editor: In my thinking, the hunting season is open, mostly on the    elderly
of the United States. The crooked home repairs, insurance    companies, doctors,
lawyers, pharmacists, hospitals - I'm fed up with    all of them. It would make
a good comic strip for your artist to have    John Q. Public in the middle with
the guns pointed at him saying "Open    season on the public."

  Cecil H. Scott, Dunnellon

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; A couple on way to the polls
looking at a poster with Smokey Bear saying only you can prevent Dan Quayle

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              618 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 21, 1988, Tuesday, City Edition

Scandal at the Pentagon goes beyond sleaze

BYLINE: HAYNES JOHNSON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; COLUMNS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 698 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



WASHINGTON - On the day that Howard H. Baker Jr. announced he is    leaving the
service of the president and the country, it was publicly    disclosed that the
FBI had searched the offices of top Pentagon    officials and offices and homes
of government employees, defense    contractors and consultants in 12 states as
part of a growing    procurement-scandal investigation.

     These two events, occurring together coincidently and otherwise
unrelated, symbolize the best and worst sides of government.

     In the case of Baker, the country has an example of what the New    York
Times correctly describes as a "model of selflessness." Baker    has exemplified
public service as it is supposed to be: honorable,    selfless, dedicated to
making government perform as well for the least    powerful as for the most
influential citizen.

     In the Pentagon case, the country has dismaying evidence of    something
rotten at the core of government. The reports of "rampant    bribery" and
payoffs already emerging from the secret two-year    Pentagon-defense contractor
investigation show the extent to which the    most powerful groups have been
able to profit immensely at the expense    of the public.

     This is not just sleaze, as in the case of some administration    figures
who have been caught either taking a little on the side or    openly using their
government contacts to cash in personally. This is    not just ideology gone
wild, as in the Iran-Contra affair. This is    corruption - old-fashioned,
authentic venality - and massively so.

     I have the sense that this latest scandal will become the Teapot    Dome of
the Reagan years. It is certain to reverberate throughout the    coming
presidential campaign debates and to have strong impact on    public opinion.

     Reasons why are obvious. An administration that talks tough about
governmental "waste, fraud and abuse" has been shown to have    permitted an
already scandalous situation to become far more serious.

 This, too, is familiar.

     The real story in this latest chapter out of the Pentagon is that    it
tells us nothing we essentially didn't already know. The story is    that
nothing appears to have been done about it.

     Exactly two years ago this month, for instance, President Reagan    was
handed a report by a blue-ribbon commission he had appointed. The    subject was
managing the Defense Department, and the report was    prompted by disclosures
about insider wheeling and dealing and    "revolving door" profiteering at the
Pentagon.

     The panel warned the president that its study of American opinion    on the
functioning of the Pentagon "represents a striking vote of no    confidence in
defense contractors generally."

     Since then, revelations about Pentagon-defense contractor problems    have
continued to stir concern. Last year, for instance, Gary Edwards    of the
Ethics Resource Center, a respected watchdog group monitoring    the nation's
ethical standards of conduct, warned that Pentagon    contracting almost
inevitably would become "much worse" because of    "short-term profit pressure."


     He put his finger on a larger problem when he observed: "Ethics in
government is totally misunderstood. What is needed is not tighter    rules, but
a strong sense of shame."

     As the president's commission put it two years ago: "It stands    repeating
from our interim report that: Management and employees of    companies that
contract with the Defense Department assume unique and    compelling obligations
to the people of our armed forces, the American    taxpayer and our nation. They
must apply (and be perceived as applying)

 the highest standards of business ethics and conduct. ..."

     That is what has been missing in Washington. It is not a sense of    shame,
but shamelessness, that characterizes the capital today.

 Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              619 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

The still small voice after the earthquake

BYLINE: The God Squad Marc Gellman

SECTION: RELIGION

LENGTH: 883 words


"And after the earthquake a fire; but the LORD was not in the fire: and after
the fire a still small voice."- I Kings 19:12 (KJV)

Recently, I've answered many questions from readers about God and evil. Many
people wanted to know how a good and powerful God could be reconciled with the
profound and proliferating instances of evil in the world.

Now, the earthquake in Japan has sent shudders through our planet, and our
lives, putting a bloody edge to such agonizing questions about God and goodness.

I've tried to help questioners understand that most of the evil we face is our
own fault. Free will is the most common cause of our moral blindness.

Our indifference to evil is usually the main reason for the spread of evil and
consequent suffering.

I've tried to explain that this freedom to choose good or evil is both a
blessing and a curse, whether God exists or not. Whether we're alone in the
universe or the beloved creations of a loving God, we can't escape our
responsibility to make the world a better place. We can't shift the burdens of
our moral lives to a God who'll magically protect us from our own venality and
brokenness.

The work of goodness in the world is ours, not God's. For those of us who are
religious, we can take both comfort and guidance from a God who's set forth a
path of life and blessing to guide us. For those who are not religious, the work
of goodness still claims and challenges us to make a difference in this wounded
world.

However, the earthquake in Japan reminds us of the terrifying truth that natural
evil--evil not caused by our moral failures - is still and always will be a
threat. This evil is on God.

Yes, we can say - and I've said this myself - that even natural evil is not
really evil because it's just the natural consequence of living on top of the
crust of a living planet.

If the earth were a dead rock, it would not belch fire, as it's now doing in
Hawaii. If the earth were dead, its tectonic plates would not shift, causing
earthquakes and tsunamis, as just occurred in Japan.

However, if the earth were dead, we'd also be dead. Without the protective
buffer of our atmosphere, for example - made up in part of nitrogen and other
gases spewed by volcanos - we'd be unprotected from meteors and other threats.

We live with a dangerous but living, breathing earth and any other option would
mean death for all life. I've used this defense of God for natural evil many
times and still believe it's true and theologically valid, but theology is not
comforting in the face of the massive destruction and death in Japan and around
the North Pacific basin.

It's simply foolish to say that we could have done more to predict and protect
the people of northern Japan.

True protection would mean evacuating all of Japan, all of California, large
swaths of Latin America. Central and Southern Asia, and a thousand other places
where the earth could suddenly twitch. Some natural evils we simply can't
escape.

Now, my soul energies are not focused on defending God, but rather on a deeper
contemplation of our arrogance and vulnerability before nature.

Because we can escape into warm homes, we've foolishly come to believe we've
mastered the cold. Because we enjoy our beaches, we've come to believe we're
stronger than the waves.

Because we can build up to the sky and calculate stresses and loads, we've come
to believe our buildings can survive all of earth's tremors.

Such beliefs are part of a thin fabric of illusion that we can reach the sky
through our own efforts and never be struck down by the power of the earth's
natural forces.

To say this simply, we are very small animals. Our only gift is that we've been
given minds and souls to understand our place in the universe.

We're weak, but we are aware. That awareness must always temper our pride and
calm our arrogance before the overwhelming majesty and unconquerable power of
what Jefferson called "Nature and Nature's God."

We must embrace the paradox of our physical weakness and our spiritual audacity.
If God had made us invulnerable to nature, we'd be gods. If God had taken away
our divine souls, we'd be dumbfounded before the power of nature, as are all
other animals on the planet.

Instead, God has made us as we are, just "a little lower than the angels," yet
capable of comprehending God's power and majesty in the world.

The best biblical reference I know that relates to all of this is Psalm 8, which
reminds us of the paradox that we are both great and vulnerable at the same
time. The Psalmist makes clear that our dominion on the earth is real but
modest:

"When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars,
which thou hast ordained; what is man, that thou art mindful of him? and the son
of man, that thou visitest him? For thou hast made him a little lower than the
angels, and hast crowned him with glory and honor.

Thou madest him to have dominion over the works of thy hands; thou hast put all
things under his feet: all sheep and oxen, yea, and the beasts of the field; the
fowl of the air, and the fish of the sea, and whatsoever passeth through the
paths of the seas. O Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth!"
- Psalm 8: 3-9 (KJV)

Finally, let us pray that our brothers and sisters in Japan will soon find their
way out of despair into hope.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          February 19, 1998, Thursday

thursday's book; Lucky You by Carl Hiaasen (Macmillan, pounds 16.99)

BYLINE: John Williams

SECTION: FEATURES; Page 4,5

LENGTH: 494 words


If you start your career with a couple of books as alarmingly funny and original
as Hiaasen's first Florida black comedies, Tourist Season and Double Whammy,
it's an unfortunate fact that, after a while, people are going to start
complaining that you're repeating yourself.  With that in mind, perhaps the
easiest thing here would be to write two separate reviews. The first should be
marked "for new readers only" and it should commend the pace, outrageous
characterisation, surreal humour and political bite that leaps off every page of
Lucky You, a caper woven around the adventures of two winning tickets from the
Florida state lottery.

The two tickets, this first review should explain, entitle the holders to equal
shares of a $ 28 million jackpot. The first belongs to a Ms JoLayne Lucks, a
35-year-old black veterinary nurse. The second, unfortunately, is picked by a
pair of white supremacists who get it into their heads that they would like the
other ticket too, and promptly beat and burgle the unfortunate Ms Lucks.

First-time readers can thrill to the chase as JoLayne and bored newsman Tom
Krome pursue the neo-Nazis through the Florida swamps, and gasp as nature wreaks
a hideous vengeance. Especially the bit with the giant blue crab.

The second review, for those already familiar with Hiaasen's work, should go
more like this. Lucky You, in common with Hiaasen's last three or four books,
sees him coasting. The themes that were so fresh a decade ago - the surreal
madness of life in South Florida, the evil of developers, the dangerous violence
of Florida rednecks, the venality of TV evangelists, doctors, lawyers - are now
close to cliches. His stock characters (the wild newspaperman, the plucky
thirtysomething heroine) are likewise getting a little too familiar.

The result is that a lot starts to depend on the plot being interesting.  Lucky
You, however, is the closest Hiaasen has come to a formula thriller.  And the
trouble with this formula - good guys and bad guys both chasing after the same
pot of gold - is that we're never in much doubt as to who is going to win.

Along the way, of course, there's as much incident as ever. Easily the best
scenes are those set in JoLayne's hometown of Grange, Florida, a community
single-mindedly engaged in constructing bogus religious artefacts to fleece
passing tourists. The 12 turtles with their shells depicting the Apostles are a
particular stroke of genius.

Less appealing are the redneck Nazis, a stereotype that has been done to death
in recent years. And experienced readers may feel that the dead-
crab-attached-to-the-redneck's-arm scene reminds them more than a little of the
dead-pitbull-attached-to-the psychopath's-arm sequence in Double Whammy.

All of which adds up to saying that, by most people's standards, Lucky You is as
fast and funny a thriller as you could wish for. By Hiaasen's own standards,
however, it's no more than so-so.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              621 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 24, 1995, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CLARK CLIFFORD: SMUDGE ON A CAREER OF DIGNITY

BYLINE: Reviewed by Myron A. Marty

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 535 words


FRIENDS IN HIGH PLACES The Rise and Fall of Clark Clifford By Douglas Frat 'z
and David McKean 450 pages, Little Brown, $ 24.95

WHEN CLARK Clifford published "Counsel to the President" five years ago, he
portrayed himself as an intimate of President Harry S Truman and the designer of
Truman's strategy for re-election in 1948 (never mind that Truman in his own
two-volume memoir gives Clifford only two passing mentions).

By his own accounting, Clifford was also an intimate of John F. Kennedy, Lyndon
Johnson, Missouri Sen. Stuart Symington (whom he called his best friend) and
others in high places. The news media treated him as an influential adviser to
government officials and a well-connected representative for his legal clients.
Public recognition for private work was Clifford's lifeblood; dignity and
probity were his hallmarks.

This book describes in patient, excruciating detail the events that shattered
Clark Clifford's dignity and called into question his reputation for probity by
elaborating on the story of Clifford's involvement in what as known as the BCCI
scandal. In Clifford's memoir, published when the scandal was breaking, this
involvement receives nothing more than a 48-line, fine-print footnote. Claiming
to have been misled, he says that "no event in my entire career caused me
greater anger and outrage." No doubt. "Friends in High Places," however, may
cause him more anger and outrage.

Douglas Frantz, one of the authors, covered the BCCI scandal for the Los Angeles
Times as the story unfolded, and attorney David McKean was an investigator for
the Senate committee that exposed the corruption and fraud in the dealings of
the Bank of Commerce and Credit International and in the Washington bank headed
by Clark Clifford that was intimately associated with it. By his own admission,
Clifford's alternative to admitting stupidity was to acknowledge venality,
something he was incapable of doing.

The authors' explication of the scandal and Clifford's role in it is precise and
fair. Clifford himself did his best to make it so by submitting to more than 50
hours of interviews with the authors. Although their suspicions are poorly
concealed, Frantz and McKean do not question the refusal of a New York jury to
convict Clifford's partner, Robert Altman - a refusal that implicitly exonerated
Clifford, too. He had been judged to be too ill in his mid-80s to stand trial.

Had the authors confined themselves to the BCCI case, this book would deserve
nothing but plaudits. However, they took it as their mission to find a pattern
of conduct throughout his career that explains Clifford's role in the BCCI
events. In doing so they put the worst construction on virtually every aspect of
his career and on all of his relationships.

The book is not exactly a smear job, but one has to ask how many smudges it
takes to make a smear. It cannot be denied that Clifford, a native St. Louisan,
acted improperly at times, that he declined to recognize conflicts of interest
when they clearly existed. Still, his gigantic failing in the BCCI affair does
not justify portraying him, as do Frantz and McKean, as unscrupulous from the
very beginning of his career.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Clark Clifford

TYPE: REVIEW BOOK

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              622 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           August 12, 1992 Wednesday

Empty nest becomes love nest weekly   Study finds one-third of over-60 crowd
sexually active

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: Chicago IL


Reuters News Agency
  CHICAGO
 More than a third of American married men and women over the age of 60,
and 10 per cent of those over the age of 70, make love at least once a
week, a study has found.

The survey of 5,738 people, released yesterday, also found sizable
numbers of senior citizens making love outdoors, enjoying undressing one
another, taking showers and nude swims together, and even buying erotic
undergarments.

"The empty nest may actually be a love nest," said Rev. Andrew Greeley,
sociologist and best-selling novelist who wrote the report from the
National Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago.

"There is much more sexual activity and playfulness going on in the
bedrooms of older men and women than the rest of the society seems to
understand or perhaps is ready to believe," he said.

The study shatters the myth, Father Greeley said, that sex among those
over 60 is infrequent, unsatisfying or grotesque. It shows, he said, that
the happiest men and women in the United States may be those who continue
to have frequent sex after they turn 60.

Father Greeley, a Roman Catholic priest, has written 24 novels, some of
them, such as Cardinal Sins, steamy accounts of venality and sins of the
flesh among the clergy.

Asked in an interview if he was surprised by the findings, Father
Greeley said: "The parish priest knows enough married people over 60 who
are willing to share their marriages with him that he suspects this is the
way it is.

"I hadn't been able to find anything (in sociological and medical
literature) that raises the possibility that sex among older people is the
most satisfying there is. It's partly a taboo."

The study found that 37 per cent of married people over 60 make love at
least once a week and 16 per cent several times a week, while 10 per cent
over 70 make love at least once a week.

It found that 40 per cent of those in their 60s and 20 per cent of
those in their 70s said they enjoy undressing for their spouses.

By comparison, studies show that more than 80 per cent of married men
and women in their 20s and 30s have sex at least once a week.

"The happiest men and women in America are married people who continue
to have sex frequently after they are 60," the study said. "They are also
in the happiest marriages and are most likely to report that they are
living exciting lives. . . ."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 7, 1991, Thursday, City Edition

Truth about Fasano: He's really working for other side

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1021 words



Editor: Belated as it may be, the time has come for someone to come to the
defense of Michael Fasano even if that defense means blowing the cover of a man
whose abjurations should earn him the political equivalent of a Hollywood Oscar.
Even the hirsute "Off/Beat" reporter who went to Woodstock and never returned
should give Fasano more credit for his undercover expertise.

    Yes, it's time to tell the truth, the whole truth, about a spy who has not
as yet come in from the cold. Fasano is a double-agent He is good. William Casey
would have been proud of him. The Democratic Party of Pasco County is proud of
him I have it on no less an authority than a member of their executive committee
that Fasano was planted as a mole in the Republican Party of Pasco County a few
years back with specific instructions as to how to wreak havoc, dissension and
interpersonal malice among those of the Republican persuasion, a mission he has
pursued with abandon.

    No wonder he is such a hero to Democrats. A recent (non-scientific) poll
indicates that four out of five Democrats regard Fasano as their "most valuable
asset." After all, as long as he is masquerading as a Republican, he can sling
mud and "guilt by association" innuendo all over the place without hurting a
single Democrat

    Personally, I think his detractors should sit down with Fasano and make him
an offer he can't refuse. He's a valuable political commodity. His manipulative
skills and messianic fervor are unquestioned. No one should sell his talent
short. After all, he has even managed to turn venality into an art form.

    I have been a Republican and a political activist most of the days of my
life, but I must admit to a sense of frustration and a bit of despair that the
Grand Old Party is becoming more and more out of touch with the electorate.

    Fasano, you've won a convert. You've convinced me. If the Democrats will
have me, I'm theirs.
    Robert L. Gipson
    Port Richey
 Get down to business for our sake


   Editor: Now that November is here, and many of us will be voting on issues
and people running for public office, this article is for those who are running
for office to serve their community.

    I wish to say to them, please don't run for public office if you are not
sincere in helping your community and its people. Also, let's stop all this
mud-slinging, and have both parties work together as a team. If we continue to
have this attitude as to "what's in it for me" and nothing gets done, we do not
need candidates with an attitude such as that.

    What we need are candidates who are interested in helping our state and
country get back to living within our means. Just because you're a Republican
doesn't mean you can't work side by side with a Democrat. Most of us have
forgotten that bickering among ourselves opens the door to people who are not
running for office to help the community. That's how a dictator gets in power by
letting honest politicians fight among themselves.

    So those of you who are running for public office, think about what we the
people feel about all this bickering and back-stabbing. Let's get back to the
principles of honest and sincere politics so our country can move forward once
again.
    Donald E. Mohr
    Port Richey
 Sheriff's haunted house: Great . . .


   Editor: It was better than Disney much better.

    Everyone who attended had an enjoyable evening. All who got up their nerve
and ventured into the "Haunted House" at Sheriff Jim Gillum's Halloween Event
will vouch for this. Ghosts, ghouls and who knows what else, popped up only
inches from you wow What an experience.

    It was the best "Haunted House" ever and a tribute to the hard work and
creativity of the sheriff, the many volunteers from the Sheriff's Office, The
Explorers' Patrol, the Young Deputies Club and too many others to name.

    Several thousand attended children of all ages and all had a great time. I
look forward to attending an even better "Halloween Event" next year if it is
possible to better this one.
    Roland J. Quinn
    Port Richey
 . . . or disgustingly gruesome


   Editor: "Haunted" is not the word I would use to describe the sadistic and
brutal scenes of violence presented as a "'safe atmosphere for children" at the
Halloween activity sponsored by the Pasco County Sheriff's Office and Chamber of
Commerce on Thursday night. After reading about the horrible scenes presented as
a "real haunted house" by the Potters Church, I felt secure in the belief that
what my excited 5-year-old would see would be a few ghosts and goblins jumping
around and saying "boo."

    Instead, we were greeted by the apparently popular "body parts in the
refrigerator" scene complete with a woman victim being mutilated, chained women
being flogged, a prisoner being electrocuted and screaming horrible screams.
Most of the scene blurred into one bloody wail of pain as I tried to carry my
crying child out as quickly as possible.

    Rather than causing heart attacks or "turning hair white," as mentioned the
disclaimer, the Haunted House served to cause nausea and turn stomachs.

    The only scary part of the Haunted House is the fact that members of the
Sheriff's Office are capable of so cleverly and realistically depicting such
displays of violence and sadism.
    Caroline David
    New Port Richey
  Thanks for Marines' concert


   Editor: Thank you for sponsoring the performance by the United States Marine
Band, "The President's Own."

    I had the added pleasure of having my grandson, one of the

 bassoonists, in the band Oct. 25.

    After this wonderful performance, he stated that River Ridge High School was
the best school complex that he had ever played in.

    As an 18-year resident of New Port Richey, I congratulate Pasco School
Superintendent Tom Weightman and the school system for the wonderful progress.
    Mrs. Jeanette H. Pippenburg
    New Port Richey

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              624 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 8, 1991, Sunday, SUNDAY EDITION

A handsome Canadian saved the elephant

BYLINE: By Michael Hanlon Toronto Star

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1474 words


A Reuter story out of Nairobi Thursday reported that "an international ban on
ivory trade and tough anti-poaching policies have virtually halted the slaughter
of elephants in east Africa."

Most of the credit for the ban and the subsequent end to the massacre of the
African elephant - reduced from a population of 1.5 million in 1979 to perhaps
600,000 today - belongs to Allan Thornton, a 41-year-old Canadian who led a
risky, 2 1/2-year undercover investigation into the illegal ivory trade.

Thornton and his cohorts discovered venality, brutality, naivete and greed on an
alarming scale.

The book he and one of his colleagues, Dave Currey, have written about their
exploits ( To Save an Elephant) is a blend of intrigue and comedy, low politics
and high adventure.

In February, 1987, when the investigation began, Thornton, who'd been executive
director of Greenpeace UK, and Currey, a Greenpeace photographer, formed
two-thirds of the Environmental Investigation Agency, a shoe-string outfit
they'd set up 2 1/2 years earlier to investigate problems involving wildlife.
The other third was Jennifer Lonsdale, who'd been a director of Greenpeace
California and was moonlighting as a caterer to keep from starving.

They'd already exposed the slaughter of pilot whales in the Faroe Islands,
pirate whalers who hunted protected species of great whales and the horrifying
conditions in which wild birds were exported from Senegal to pet shops around
the world.

Thornton had briefly returned to Greenpeace but went back full-time to EIA when
the illegal ivory trade came up as a subject for investigation. The tip-off came
in a crowded London pub. The tipster was a nervous Scottish seaman, who told of
a meeting in a Saudi port with a fellow sailor who told him about poached ivory
shipments aboard a ship called Fadhil Allah, sailing regularly to Dubai in the
United Arab Emirates.

With other projects afoot, Thornton and Currey sat on the ivory trade tip for
several months. A dinner conversation with other conservationists at an Ottawa
meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES)
decided Thornton on dropping everything else for elephants. Kenya's director of
wildlife told him he knew about the Dubai connection but didn't know where the
ivory went from there. Thornton determined to find out.

CITES had set up a quota system in 1986 that allowed some ivory tusks to be
traded legally if accompanied by certificates issued by CITES. Thornton and
Currey saw a loophole: There was no control over ivory that had been carved, so
tusks from the slaughtered elephants could be smuggled out of Africa and taken
to such non-CITES countries as Dubai. Once worked on there, the tusks could be
taken - legally - to any of the major ivory-importing countries in the Far East.

The EIA team felt there was only one way to end the slaughter of the elephants -
2,000 shot dead, machine-gunned in some cases, every week for the previous 10
years.

"What was happening was the systematic extinction of the African elephant,"
Thornton said in an interview in Toronto last week. "We argued that the only way
to end it was with a complete worldwide ban on the trade in ivory."

With their associates, and with only limited resources, Thornton and Currey set
out to identify the merchants who ran the illegal ivory trade and to show how
the tusks and the carved ivory were moved about the world. Their investigation -
and their campaign - took them to every continent but Antarctica.

"It was very wearing," said Thornton. "All the travel, living hand to mouth,
staying in the cheapest hotels (in Kowloon, Currey stayed at the YMCA). We were
always kind of begging to get money to continue our work. That was almost as
much of a strain as our investigation. That and seeing the despondency of the
people who were trying to preserve the elephants, who just saw extinction
staring them in the face."

But the EIA team persevered. They saw the victims: in Kenya, a pair of dead
elephants, covered in vulture droppings. "Below each (eye) socket was the
explanation for their deaths," says their book. "Where the long ivory tusks
should have emerged there was nothing. Just hacked and mutilated holes."

In Dubai, they concealed themselves in a cardboard crate hoisted up on a
fork-lift to sneak film of carvers at work with electric drills in an ivory
factory.

They tracked illegal shipments through Dubai and Singapore, Mozambique and South
Africa, uncovered stockpiles of tusks in Burundi. In Hong Kong, Dave Currey
confronted Poon Tat Hong, whom he describes as "Mr. Big". The Poon family were
the top ivory merchants in the Far East. In South Africa, the EIA identified the
top dealer as another Chinese, known to them only as Mr. Pong.

They were up against the major movers in a billion-dollar, illegal business. And
some of them were connected.

"As we say in Canada, there were some heavy-duty people involved," said
Thornton. At 6 foot 2, lean, with the looks of a French film star, Thornton
appears well able to handle himself.

Most of the time, the EIA team posed as documentary film-makers, preparing a
show on trade

generally, with no particular reference to ivory. The ruse opened some doors,
got them access to waybills that showed ivory being flown through Dubai, even
got them into an ivory carving factory in Hong Kong. But there was constant
tension and intrigue, as they kept the cameras running when they'd been told to
stop, lied often and even palmed documents off an official's desk.

"When we got back from Dubai, we thought we'd been found out and we'd have hit
squads knocking on the door," said Thornton. "Every time we got back from a
foreign trip, we found the level of anxiety increasing.

"We were told there were South African military links with the ivory trade in
Mozambique and Angola. The man who controls the trade in Mozambique is a
professional assassin.

"On the South African side, when we found there was clear involvement of
military people in the trade, as well as political involvement, we really
thought that we were getting in over our heads.

"We wrote our wills. We were told to be very careful because certain people in
South Africa knew what we were going to write.

"In the final weeks, as we were preparing our final report, Dave was checking
under his car every day and I was barricading my apartment every night."

But the report, titled A System of Extinction, came out and in October, 1989, in
Lausanne, Switzerland, CITES approved a ban on trade in ivory.

Said Dr. Ron Orenstein, a Canadian conservationist who attended the meeting:
"EIA has achieved something that has been needed for years. They have exposed
the illegal ivory trade for what it really is and risked their lives to do so.
We should all thank them for that."

But the battle is not entirely over. There is still some black market trade in
ivory, though Thornton says the market for it has almost been wiped out. And
some countries, he expects, will try to gain some exemptions from the ban at the
next CITES meeting in Kyoto, Japan, in March.

Opposition to a ban was "almost absolute" when EIA started its investigation,
Thornton said. "Everyone was listening to a group of experts, white scientists,
who proclaimed their own expertise on this issue and said the Africans didn't
want a ban. Everyone was convinced by these experts and the manipulation by
lobbyists for the ivory trade.

"Everyone thought what they said was the be-all and end-all as far as the
well-being of the elephants was concerned. They didn't know what they were
talking about. They didn't know anything about the ivory trade.

"We were appalled by the sheer naivete of these people, their sheer lack of
understanding."

Thornton, son of a Windsor, Ont. fireman, once considered journalism as acareer
but couldn't get into Ryerson. Instead he took creative writing classes under
W.O. Mitchell at the Banff School of Fine Arts. It was out west that he
developed his interest in conservation and signed up as a Greepeace volunteer in
Vancouver. He helped set up Greenpeace UK and Greenpeace Europe.

It's always been a hand-to-mouth line of work, he says. "After six years in
London, I'd finally climbed to 56 pounds (about $ 100) a week," he said.

At EIA, his income has since climbed higher, but he's still way down the
payscale.

With the success of the ivory investigation, EIA has grown in prestige and
income and staff. It now has a staff of 13 in London with a $ 600,000 budget.
Its new Washington office has a staff of four.

And EIA now has public members, about 4,000 in Britain, Thornton said. And of
course, he added, he'd like to drum up members here. Address of the Washington
office: 1506 19th. St. N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036. Membership fee: US$ 25.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (Loek) Allan Thornton

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              625 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                September 8, 1991, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

A handsome Canadian saved the elephant

BYLINE: By Michael Hanlon Toronto Star

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 1476 words


   A Reuter story out of Nairobi Thursday reported that "an international ban on
ivory trade and tough anti-poaching policies have virtually halted the slaughter
of elephants in east Africa."

Most of the credit for the ban and the subsequent end to the massacre of the
African elephant - reduced from a population of 1.5 million in 1979 to perhaps
600,000 today - belongs to Allan Thornton, a 41-year-old Canadian who led a
risky, 2 1/2-year undercover investigation into the illegal ivory trade.

Thornton and his cohorts discovered venality, brutality, naivete and greed on an
alarming scale.

The book he and one of his colleagues, Dave Currey, have written about their
exploits ( To Save an Elephant) is a blend of intrigue and comedy, low politics
and high adventure.

In February, 1987, when the investigation began, Thornton, who'd been executive
director of Greenpeace UK, and Currey, a Greenpeace photographer, formed
two-thirds of the Environmental Investigation Agency, a shoe-string outfit
they'd set up 2 1/2 years earlier to investigate problems involving wildlife.
The other third was Jennifer Lonsdale, who'd been a director of Greenpeace
California and was moonlighting as a caterer to keep from starving.

They'd already exposed the slaughter of pilot whales in the Faroe Islands,
pirate whalers who hunted protected species of great whales and the horrifying
conditions in which wild birds were exported from Senegal to pet shops around
the world.

Thornton had briefly returned to Greenpeace but went back full-time to EIA when
the illegal ivory trade came up as a subject for investigation. The tip-off came
in a crowded London pub. The tipster was a nervous Scottish seaman, who told of
a meeting in a Saudi port with a fellow sailor who told him about poached ivory
shipments aboard a ship called Fadhil Allah, sailing regularly to Dubai in the
United Arab Emirates.

With other projects afoot, Thornton and Currey sat on the ivory trade tip for
several months. A dinner conversation with other conservationists at an Ottawa
meeting of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES)
decided Thornton on dropping everything else for elephants. Kenya's director of
wildlife told him he knew about the Dubai connection but didn't know where the
ivory went from there. Thornton determined to find out.

CITES had set up a quota system in 1986 that allowed some ivory tusks to be
traded legally if accompanied by certificates issued by CITES. Thornton and
Currey saw a loophole: There was no control over ivory that had been carved, so
tusks from the slaughtered elephants could be smuggled out of Africa and taken
to such non-CITES countries as Dubai. Once worked on there, the tusks could be
taken - legally - to any of the major ivory-importing countries in the Far East.

The EIA team felt there was only one way to end the slaughter of the elephants -
2,000 shot dead, machine-gunned in some cases, every week for the previous 10
years.

"What was happening was the systematic extinction of the African elephant,"
Thornton said in an interview in Toronto last week. "We argued that the only way
to end it was with a complete worldwide ban on the trade in ivory."

With their associates, and with only limited resources, Thornton and Currey set
out to identify the merchants who ran the illegal ivory trade and to show how
the tusks and the carved ivory were moved about the world. Their investigation -
and their campaign - took them to every continent but Antarctica.

"It was very wearing," said Thornton. "All the travel, living hand to mouth,
staying in the cheapest hotels (in Kowloon, Currey stayed at the YMCA). We were
always kind of begging to get money to continue our work. That was almost as
much of a strain as our investigation. That and seeing the despondency of the
people who were trying to preserve the elephants, who just saw extinction
staring them in the face."

But the EIA team persevered. They saw the victims: in Kenya, a pair of dead
elephants, covered in vulture droppings. "Below each (eye) socket was the
explanation for their deaths," says their book. "Where the long ivory tusks
should have emerged there was nothing. Just hacked and mutilated holes."

In Dubai, they concealed themselves in a cardboard crate hoisted up on a
fork-lift to sneak film of carvers at work with electric drills in an ivory
factory.

They tracked illegal shipments through Dubai and Singapore, Mozambique and South
Africa, uncovered stockpiles of tusks in Burundi. In Hong Kong, Dave Currey
confronted Poon Tat Hong, whom he describes as "Mr. Big". The Poon family were
the top ivory merchants in the Far East. In South Africa, the EIA identified the
top dealer as another Chinese, known to them only as Mr. Pong.

They were up against the major movers in a billion-dollar, illegal business. And
some of them were connected.

"As we say in Canada, there were some heavy-duty people involved," said
Thornton. At 6 foot 2, lean, with the looks of a French film star, Thornton
appears well able to handle himself.

Most of the time, the EIA team posed as documentary film-makers, preparing a
show on trade

generally, with no particular reference to ivory. The ruse opened some doors,
got them access to waybills that showed ivory being flown through Dubai, even
got them into an ivory carving factory in Hong Kong. But there was constant
tension and intrigue, as they kept the cameras running when they'd been told to
stop, lied often and even palmed documents off an official's desk.

"When we got back from Dubai, we thought we'd been found out and we'd have hit
squads knocking on the door," said Thornton. "Every time we got back from a
foreign trip, we found the level of anxiety increasing.

"We were told there were South African military links with the ivory trade in
Mozambique and Angola. The man who controls the trade in Mozambique is a
professional assassin.

"On the South African side, when we found there was clear involvement of
military people in the trade, as well as political involvement, we really
thought that we were getting in over our heads.

"We wrote our wills. We were told to be very careful because certain people in
South Africa knew what we were going to write.

"In the final weeks, as we were preparing our final report, Dave was checking
under his car every day and I was barricading my apartment every night."

But the report, titled A System of Extinction, came out and in October, 1989, in
Lausanne, Switzerland, CITES approved a ban on trade in ivory.

Said Dr. Ron Orenstein, a Canadian conservationist who attended the meeting:
"EIA has achieved something that has been needed for years. They have exposed
the illegal ivory trade for what it really is and risked their lives to do so.
We should all thank them for that."

But the battle is not entirely over. There is still some black market trade in
ivory, though Thornton says the market for it has almost been wiped out. And
some countries, he expects, will try to gain some exemptions from the ban at the
next CITES meeting in Kyoto, Japan, in March.

Opposition to a ban was "almost absolute" when EIA started its investigation,
Thornton said. "Everyone was listening to a group of experts, white scientists,
who proclaimed their own expertise on this issue and said the Africans didn't
want a ban. Everyone was convinced by these experts and the manipulation by
lobbyists for the ivory trade.

"Everyone thought what they said was the be-all and end-all as far as the
well-being of the elephants was concerned. They didn't know what they were
talking about. They didn't know anything about the ivory trade.

''We were appalled by the sheer naivete of these people, their sheer lack of
understanding."

Thornton, son of a Windsor, Ont. fireman, once considered journalism as acareer
but couldn't get into Ryerson. Instead he took creative writing classes under
W.O. Mitchell at the Banff School of Fine Arts. It was out west that he
developed his interest in conservation and signed up as a Greepeace volunteer in
Vancouver. He helped set up Greenpeace UK and Greenpeace Europe.

It's always been a hand-to-mouth line of work, he says. "After six years in
London, I'd finally climbed to 56 pounds (about $100) a week," he said.

At EIA, his income has since climbed higher, but he's still way down the
payscale.

With the success of the ivory investigation, EIA has grown in prestige and
income and staff. It now has a staff of 13 in London with a $600,000 budget. Its
new Washington office has a staff of four.

And EIA now has public members, about 4,000 in Britain, Thornton said. And of
course, he added, he'd like to drum up members here. Address of the Washington
office: 1506 19th. St. N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036. Membership fee: US$25.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (Loek) Allan ThorntonAfrica; animal; conservation; trade

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              626 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 15, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

RECORDING 'NIXON IN CHINA'

BYLINE: By WILL CRUTCHFIELD

SECTION: Section C; Page 23, Column 4; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 968 words


''Nixon in China'' is different from most operas, but just as subject as any to
the usual hazards. Yesterday afternoon in RCA's studio A, officials of Nonesuch
Records had to huddle with the composer, John Adams, and the conductor, Edo de
Waart, to rethink the recording sequence in a big hurry. The session was
centered around scenes for Pat Nixon, and the soprano who sings the part, they
learned just as they were about to begin, had a cold and couldn't sing.

''We may have to lay down the orchestra and dub her in later'' for some
passages, ''which wasn't the way we wanted to do it,'' said the president of
Nonesuch, Robert Hurwitz. ''This reduces our margin of error to almost nothing.
The schedule is very tight.''

But the luxury of a studio recording for a brand-new American opera is something
beside which the incidental problems pale. ''Nixon in China,'' currently playing
at the Brooklyn Academy of Music after an opening run in Houston, and bound
later for Los Angeles and other points east and west, has enjoyed more immediate
attention than just about any first opera by any composer since the days of
Mascagni or Humperdinck. The final Brooklyn performances are tonight and
Thursday; the recording is planned for release in spring 1988.

Before the disruptive news hit, Mr. Adams sat amid the sounds of relentless
piano tuning to discuss the new piece that has been so diversely received. (Some
have hailed it as a serious dramatic effort and others have heard empty
doodling. ''That was it?'' asked the Times music critic Donal Henahan after the
Houston premiere.) Treatment of a living historical figure is one of the things
that makes the piece different from most operas.

''I was in college in the 60's,'' said Mr. Adams, ''and I had the standard
American perspective on Nixon: The embodiment of establishment venality. I had
to rid myself of the caricature as soon as we decided that this would not be a
satire. Some of it has elements of caricature - the portrayal of the 'Red
Detachment of Women,' for instance, which is such a confusion of misunderstood
styles in the original.'' But the treatment of the former President is both
funny and earnest, and, for some viewers, touching.

'The Music Is Lost'

Another break with operatic tradition is the amplification used both in Houston
and Brooklyn. On that issue, Mr. Adams said: ''I feel caught between a rock and
a hard place. I feel my text-setting is intelligible, but the orchestration is
too rich, maybe, for the words to come across in a big hall. I'm not looking to
destroy the tradition of natural singing, but it's best in a more intimate
setting. And I really don't like supertitles - I think people tend to keep
looking up and down, following all that motion, and the music is lost. In
Houston I wouldn't allow them to be used. I believe opera is something that you
revisit. That's how we in America can get to know Wagner and Verdi. The audience
gets to know the opera. If you think you're going to grasp it all on one night,
even by reading the libretto, there's no way.''

That chimes with the experience of Mr. Hurwitz: ''I have had faith in John's
music for a long time,'' he said yesterday, ''and felt a personal connection to
it. When I first saw 'Nixon' in Houston, I absorbed about 30 percent of it. It
seemed very rich,'' but only after several more hearings, he said, did he
realize that ''everything in John's work has come to a fruition in this.''

The team responsible for ''Nixon in China'' as a stage piece - Mr. Adams, the
poet Alice Goodman and the director Peter Sellars - is already discussing their
next opera, again on ''a high-profile recent event with resonances in many
different directions.'' The collaborators are not ready to divulge the topic,
but according to Mr. Adams it concerns religious terrorism, ''the question of
what is God's will, and these people who are willing to die along with their
victims because of their sense that there's something better on the other side.
There is something immensely poetic and tragic in it.''

'Psychological Arm-Wrestling'

Is it possible, in Mr. Adams's Minimalist-derived style, to tackle a libretto
that is not in some way reflective - to compose music for a taut scene of
representational drama? ''There were a lot of things in this opera,'' he says,
''that I thought I couldn't do. In the big Mao scene, the dialogue is not
exactly advancing the plot, but there's a tremendous amount of psychological
arm-wrestling there. When I got the text, I said 'This is just not do-able in my
style.' But the great thing about opera is that it forces you to confront
challenges like that. I only think I'll get better at it.''

Pure Minimalism, with its hypnotic repetitiveness, ''is obviously a movement of
very limited potential,'' he said, ''and its classic period is not in the past.
But it was an important kind of housecleaning. For instance, people,'' even
those who oppose Minimalism, ''are not so profoundly offended anymore by
tonality and repetition, which are two things that Arnold Schoenberg simply
passed canon law against,'' and which had been intrinsic to music for centuries.

Abandonment of that purity, though, entails the risk of simplistically
recapitulating Western music's gradual accretion of complexity. ''I worry about
that,'' the composer said, but added that he was wary of the tendency of postwar
composers to make their stylistic decision processes ''hyper-conscious.'' At
some point, he feels, ''I just have to let my music have its own flow. We'll
leave it to history to decide whether I wind up as another Menotti.''

''That's one way the collaboration with Peter Sellars has been so helpful,'' Mr.
Adams said. ''Peter is not a professional musician, but his musical perception
is fantastically acute.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of John Adams (NYT/Neal Boenzi)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              627 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 30, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

The Clematis Connection

BYLINE: Henry Mitchell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE F2; EARTHMAN

LENGTH: 1320 words


In case you hadn't noticed, a lot of things in this world are sadly mixed up,
and this unfortunate situation may apply to garden plants. These deep
half-sinister reflections are brought on by examining my glorious plant of a
pink clematis, now in full bloom (starting April 20), which is supposed to be C.
vedrariensis.

Once I exerted myself to view a whole batch of early-flowering pink clematis and
while they were much of a muchness I concluded I liked vedrariensis best. It is
a hybrid of C. chrysocoma and C. montana rubens. This hybrid is a bit more
decided pink (less pale mauve in it) than some of the others, and the petals
(sepals, actually, but they look like petals) are a little fuller so the flower
is less gappy and thin than some others. Besides, the foliage is a trifle
handsomer and all round it has a slight edge over the others for quality.

Seeing them all together at a few feet's distance, you'd say they all looked the
same, almost. But in a garden, where you are going to have just one and will
live with it (God willing) for years, you may as well get the "best."

So I did. This year the petals look a bit too narrow to suit me, and I have
several other minor complaints. I think it may not be vedrariensis, though the
leaves are still a bit full and round for it to be montana rubens.

It is very beautiful, in a great catenary swag between porch posts, and it could
not conceivably have more flowers on it -- the leaves are invisible, so I have
no right to mope, except that the floral segments are a bit too narrow and the
resulting flower is not quite as opulent as it should be.

These things happen. Usually, we all quickly assume, because of the venality of
the nurseryman who (we also assume) sits up nights thinking ways to get superior
prices for inferior plants. But not necessarily. C. vedrariensis is variable, in
the nature of things, as the cross of the two species has been made more than
once. The one I admired in the collection may have been a peculiarly good form,
and I may have acquired a routine form.

But where would a gardener be without something to complain of.

Years ago I grew two or three of our native clematis and decided to grow them
again. The new leaves of C. viorna, a weak-growing vine up to about 6 feet with
inch-long nodding bells of somewhat muddy blue, has put up its spring growth,
but the leaves are almost like threads. Does it have some virus? Did the
nurseryman squirt it with some fumigant that distorted the leaves before I got
it? There is no telling what those people are up to in the privacy of their
packing sheds. And, of course, if it lives it may not be viorna anyway.

The other two, C. versicolor and crispa, have put up more normal looking shoots.
Meanwhile, the gross and splendid large-flowered garden variety, 'Henryi,' has
produced its usual quota of semifuzzy egg-shaped flower buds. By the time this
is in your hands, 'Henryi' will be in full bloom, barring a hurricane or
something.

For some people in some places this great saucer-sized white flower is hard to
grow. In the Middle South, however, I think it is one of the easiest. It blooms
with the Kurume azaleas and again around Labor Day. I say gracious things about
it as it has agreed to climb up a column-shaped yew to mingle with the
apparently despised (as nobody grows or sells it) rambler rose, 'Mrs. F. W.
Flight.' It is excessively rare for either a rose or a clematis to grow up the
yew as the gardener intends. They both like to veer off to one side, or flop on
the ground or head for the fence.

Another clematis doing exactly what is desired of it is the smallish
white-with-purple-edge flower, 'Venosa violacea.' At first, several years ago,
it declined to grow up a wire tomato cage in the back. It sulked and threatened
to faint and so forth till I lost patience with it and forgot it. Three years
later I was surprised to see it had gone over to a 6-foot wooden fence and
covered several horizontal feet with a mantle of bloom. It still refused the
wire cage, needless to say.

I began to think better of it, once I saw how well it was growing and how freely
it flowered. And then I saw another plant of it in my friend Nick's garden which
put me out of sorts for a week. His was the same plant but the flowers were 4
inches wide. I went home and dug up my plant and moved it to another part of the
garden beneath a red rugosa rose. Needless to say it refused to climb up the
rose, but I fooled it by installing an arch. Not knowing that I would be quite
happy for it to grow up the arch, it immediately latched on and now covers half
the arch and has spread into another yew and has even sent a tentative shoot or
two into the red rose.

But unbeknownst to the clematis I now want it up the arch to tangle with the
white rambler rose, 'Seagull,' and this it is doing beautifully.

Yet another triumph in the clematis department, I chopped back C. maximowicziana
(which we used to be allowed to call paniculata, but the botanists cannot bear
for us to get used to a name, particularly if they can change a euphonious one
to something unpronounceable) that grows over the summer house. It is splendid
every Labor Day with its solid white canopy of almond-scented small white
blooms, and is easily managed, too. I just whack it off 2 or 3 feet above the
ground every February or March, and in a few weeks it covers the gazebo again.
If I did not cut it down every year, it would soon make a dismal thatch 2 feet
deep of dead stems from previous years. Cutting it in February, I can pull the
old dead stuff out in 10 minutes (well, maybe an hour) and it works well.

Except that every year I manage to cut down the red clematis, 'Crimson King'
with it. The old king is not very vigorous to begin with, but justifies its
existence with large somewhat dull crimson flowers in early May. It makes no
show at a distance, but is handsome up close. Its foliage is quite distinct from
that of maximowicziana, so I never think I am cutting the wrong thing. No matter
how careful I am, I always manage to get most of the king with the shears and
thus have few red flowers.

But this year, incredibly enough, I chopped back the right one and did not
disturb the king and cannot believe it. So in general this is a great year to be
kindly disposed to the few clematis I grow. I might add I forgot to prune
'Etoile Violette,' a small May-blooming dark violet clematis with a neat little
bunch of white stamens in the middle. As a result it is able to be a mophead, a
vice all clematis are much tempted to and which I go to some effort to thwart.
Not having cut it back 18 inches above the ground, I cannot blame the clematis,
and besides every clematis should probably be allowed to make a mad tangled mess
of itself at least once in its life.

Two excellent books on clematis have been issued by Capability Books, Box 114
Highway 46, Deer Park, Wis. 54007. Despite the remote-sounding address, this is
one of the best sources for gardening books.

First, there is a new and amplified edition of "Clematis" by Christopher Lloyd.
The original has long been out of print, and my copy has been worn out by people
borrowing it. The new edition is larger, 220 pages, 280 clematis described, many
in color photographs. Much of the donkey work of such a book was done by Tom
Bennett. It is $ 34.50 postpaid from the publisher.

Also there is the new "Clematis" by Barry Fretwell, 160 pages, 120 color
photographs, and it is $ 26.95 postpaid from the publisher. Each book is $ 2
less if you get it at a local bookstore and avoid the postage.

The Fretwell book deals with "only" 200 clematis, but that might be enough for
most gardeners. Each book is authoritative, the result of decades of experience
with these elegant plants. Lloyd is the more entertaining writer and has more
(utterly sound as a rule) firm notions. Any good garden library should have
both.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              628 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 17, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

A Cast of Bumblers And Buffoons

Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X03; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1087 words


BLOOD SPORT

The President and His Adversaries

By James B. Stewart

Simon & Schuster. 479 pp. $ 25

JAMES B. STEWART says in his prologue to Blood Sport that two years ago he was
approached by Susan Thomases, the New York lawyer who enjoys an especially close
relationship to Bill and Hillary Clinton, about writing an inside account of the
Whitewater affair that would have the Clintons' full and unconditional
cooperation. Stewart, a respected investigative reporter and author of Den of
Thieves, the devastating bestseller about inside trading on Wall Street, was
tempted, but as matters began to sort themselves out the Clintons got cold feet
and the project never got under way.

Still, Stewart's curiosity was piqued, perhaps all the more so because of the
Clintons' ambivalence about the project. He went off on his own, with research
assistance, and Blood Sport is the result. It will give little comfort to many
in official Washington, which Stewart accurately calls a "culture so inured to
partisan distortion and spin that truth is the most frightening prospect of
all," because scarcely a soul on any side of the dispute comes off favorably in
his telling of the tale. But those who are interested in solving rather than
perpetuating the Whitewater mystery will find much here to satisfy their
curiosity, and much to infuriate them.

The details of Whitewater as recounted by Stewart are no less tedious or trivial
than they have been in other journalists' hands; this is not a reflection upon
Stewart but the inevitable result of dealing with penny-ante material.
Whitewater as Stewart recounts it is largely the doing of Jim McDougal, the
eccentric Arkansas real-estate operator and dabbler in politics who took young
Bill Clinton under his wing back in the 1970s. The 230-acre tract along the
White River that has caused so much trouble was just another of his
get-rich-quick schemes; it stands out from the others mainly because he
persuaded the governor of Arkansas and his wife to go in as partners.

The story as it evolves after that is largely a comedy of errors involving a
cast of bumblers and buffoons, some of whom now occupy high national office; its
one ghastly note is the death by suicide of Vincent Foster, the Little Rock
lawyer who came to Washington with his friends the Clintons and soon was broken,
as he wrote shortly before his death, by "the spotlight of public life in
Washington," where "ruining people is considered sport." Apart from that, it is
a seemingly endless tale of small-time venality, carelessness, hypocrisy,
conflicts of interest and impropriety, little of it of urgent interest to
law-enforcement officers but all of it inflated to gargantuan dimensions by the
refusal of both Clintons to try the simple expedient of telling the truth.

As best I can tell, the truth is what Stewart has gotten his hands on. The
Clintons' real-estate and commodities dealings in Arkansas, if "dealings" they
can indeed be called, seem little more than the misadventures of a couple of
financial naifs who thought they could make a quick, easy killing and were
wholly insensitive to the impropriety of doing so while in office. In legal
terms there's probably enough to justify a few smart slaps on their wrists, but
Stewart's indictment of the Clintons -- unlike their political enemies, he
delivers it more in sorrow than in glee -- is on broader and deeper grounds.

IN ESSENCE, the indictment is that not merely have the Clintons shied away from
the truth, they have actively sought to suppress it. The entirely delicious
irony is that in the process they have made the incident seem far larger than in
fact it ever was. "By not telling the full story," Stewart writes, "the White
House created a fresh mystery, fueling more stories." A few paragraphs later he
quotes "a White House official" involved in the spin: "The first instinct from
everybody from Arkansas is to lie."

Well. That's a sweeping statement. But if one restricts it to the Arkansas
political crowd with which the Clintons have hung out, many members of which
they brought with them to Washington, its essential truth becomes harder to
escape. It also points toward one of the lessons to be learned from this tale,
that the culture of lying is as healthy in Washington as it is in Little Rock or
any other provincial capital where politics is an incestuous business ruled by
the buddy system. Nothing in official Washington persuaded the Clintons to
abandon the wary defensiveness they had developed over the years, and much in
Washington encouraged them to let it calcify: not merely the kneejerk antipathy
of Republicans and cave dwellers but the no less kneejerk antipathy of the
press, which has now been in assault mode for a quarter of a century.

So it turns out that the Clintons, who seemed to many wishful Americans to
arrive in Washington afresh, to be immune to "Inside the Beltway"
self-obsession, actually had been acculturated in advance. The circle-the-wagons
approach they brought to criticism and opposition was the country cousin of what
they found when they got to the big city, so no mindset adjustments were
required, merely further hardening of the attitudes.

The evidence that the Clintons committed any serious legal offenses, Stewart
writes at the end, is slender, and charges that Vincent Foster was murdered,
"even that the Clintons may have been involved, are preposterous." But "the
Clintons seized what seemed to be opportunities to make easy money, even when
that meant accepting favors or special treatment from people in business
regulated by the state"; their "reckless" handling of their Whitewater
investment apparently came about "because they expected others to take care of
them by virtue of their power and prestige as the governor and his wife"; and
"the pattern of evasions, half-truths and misstatements that have characterized
the Clintons' handling of the story" is inexplicable. It seems likely to remain
so.

In all of this only one person seems to have told Bill Clinton that "the
important thing was to do the right thing, without regard to immediate
reactions," that he should look to the judgment of history rather than that of
his enemies and the press. The person who offered that advice was Bernard
Nussbaum, Clinton's White House counsel. Not merely did Clinton fail to listen,
he eased Nussbaum out of office as Whitewater heated up and the circle closed
ever more tightly. Nussbaum, it may be recalled, was laughed out of town.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, dale stephanos

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              629 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Morning Star

                                 June 16, 2003

Overpriced, dull and narrow;
 STREET OF DREAMS: BOULEVARD OF BROKEN HEARTS by Howard M Wachtel (Pluto, GBP
19.99)

BYLINE: GEOFF SIMONS

SECTION:  Pg. 9

LENGTH: 464 words


THIS is a short history of Wall Street, "America's most famous street, " and, to
be quite honest, it's rather boring.

Why did Wall Street not feature in the book title, to give the punters a clue?
And, if Pluto still purports to be a radical publisher, why did they bother with
it?

The blurb declaims that this is a "fascinating account." In fact, it is a rather
pedestrian journey through the past of the United States'financial heart.

There are hints of scandal and corruption, but nothing is pursued with much
detail and there is little information and few revelations that cannot be found
elsewhere.

Perhaps the book is intended as a college text since, although most of it is
accessible to an interested laity, the prose exhibits the characteristic
plodding caution found too often in respectable adopted works.

The blurb claims also that the work is a "critical assessment of Wall Street's
role in the political, economic and cultural evolution" of the US.

Well, I don't think so. You won't find much here about vast corporate
corruption, money laundering, links with the mafia, the sheer venality of
corporate ambition or how the utterly corrupt corporate families emerged in the
US.

Wachtel has produced a tidy if modest history of little use to socialist
activists or radical students.

I remember first reading Josephson's The Robber Barons, which is more readable
by far, and the devastating History of the Great American Fortunes by Gustavus
Myers, this latter a comprehensive expose of the criminality and corruption at
the heart of US capitalism.

By contrast, Wachtel skates over the surface with low-key propriety, reluctant
to depict Wall Street as the corrupt engine of economic exploitation around the
world.

The book does contain one seven-page section of some interest - an account of
"women on Wall Street."

I had not come across such material before and it was moderately entertaining to
be guided to a biographer 's assessment of Victoria Woodhull, one of the several
female financial operators on the 19th century Street.

She was evidently a "spiritualist, the high 'priestess'of free love, the
crusading editor, the San Francisco actress and parttime prostitute, the founder
of the first stock exchange brokerage firm for women, the disciple of Karl Marx,
the blackmailer, the presidential candidate, the sinner, the saint."

I leave you to make sense of this description. The "era of global finance" is
dismissed in four pages - which is not justified by the historical flavour of
the work. Finance had a global character long before the introduction of the
Bretton Woods system in 1946.

This book is competent, narrow, flat and - from the perspec - tive of a radical
purchaser - needlessly expensive.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2003

               Copyright 2003 People's Press Printing Society Ltd


                              630 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 31, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

New in Paperback

SECTION: Book World; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1565 words


FICTION

The Light in the Piazza, by Elizabeth Spencer (Penguin, $6.95). "On a June
afternoon at sunset, an American woman and her daughter fended their way along a
crowded street in Florence and entered with relief the spacious Piazza della
Signoria." Henry James? No, Elizabeth Spencer, whose three novellas collected
here evoke the splendors of Italy's layered civilization on American
sensibilities. In the title novella, a mother watches her daughter fall in love
with a young Italian, in a modern variation on the Jamesian theme of New World
innocence and Old World venality. The other two novellas, Knights and Dragons
and The Cousins, describe how Italy's physical beauty affects visitors to her
storied shores. The author herself, in an introduction here, perfectly describes
this process: "I became at every step more aware of what beauty was being cast
up at me, regular and almost as rhythmic as the waves of the sea, on every side,
at every turning." The Red Fox, by Anthony Hyde (Ballantine, $4.95). This
dazzling first novel, a thriller, is the story of a search -- from Canada to
Washington, Paris, Leningrad and, finally, the unchangeable rural Russia of
wooden houses, river and birch groves. It concerns a missing man, a fortune, and
the solution to perhaps the most tantalizing historical mystery of this century.
Those who've read it say it's tops.  About Time: 12 Short Stories, by Jack
Finney (Fireside/Simon and Schuster, $7.95). In the 1940s and '50s there
flourished a whole clutch of writers who specialized in whimsical or wistful
fantasy, often with an ironic sting to counter the tendency toward the
sentimental. A staple of this form is the time-travel tale, of which the master
remains Jack Finney, best known for his novel Time and Again wherein a modern
New Yorker returns to the 1890s and finds love and much else. Finney's stories
offer variations on this theme: In "The Third Level" a man discovers another
level at Grand Central Station, one where you can catch trains into the past; in
"Of Missing Persons" Finney explains just where Ambrose Bierce, Judge Crater,
and various others have gone; and in "I'm Scared" the narrator correlates a
number of odd events and realizes that the fabric of time is slowly tearing.
Within their range, these stories are perfect.

NONFICTION

The Amateurs, by David Halberstam (Penguin, $6.95). Sculls look like pencils
gliding along early morning rivers, propelled by muscular men and women who seem
to defy the laws of balance. One slip of an oar, and the whole thing overturns.
While eight-man sweep rowing is the ultimate team sport, sculling is probably
the ultimate individual one. David Halberstam tells the story of four young
Americans who in 1984 strove to be the best, i.e. to row for the U.S. team in
the Olympic single-scull trials in Los Angeles. Three of them are Ivy Leaguers,
one a California outsider eager to best his eastern rivals. In telling their
stories, Halberstam manages to guide his readers through the fascinating history
of American rowing, introduce us to some of the nation's top coaches, and
explain much of the arcana that makes the sport so fascinating.  A Dynasty of
Western Outlaws, by Paul I. Wellman (University of Nebraska, $8.95) Can the
influence of some of the earliest Wastern badmen (and women) be traced to more
modern outlaws? This book is an argument in favor of the theory. The author
writes that a "weird sort of historical connection" exists between the 1863
Lawrence, Kan., Massacre, led by William Clarke Quantrill, and the 1933 Kansas
City (Mo.) Union Station Massacre, led by Charles "Pretty Boy" Floyd. "Bizarre
as it may seem," Wellman says, "Pretty Boy Floyd was the lineal successor of . .
. Quantrill; not by blood, but by a long and crooked train of unbroken personal
connections . . . ." The cast of characters in this rogue's gallery includes
Jesse James, Belle Starr, and the Dalton and Doolin gangs.  Milton: Poet of
Exile, by Louis L. Martz (Yale, $13.95). Louis Martz, long a distinguished
commentator on the literature of the 17th century, here offers his definitive
reading of Milton's complete work. Emphasizing the theme of exile (and drawing
on the life and Metamorphosis of Ovid, himself unwillingly sent away from Rome
to a lonely villa on the Black Sea), Martz considers Milton in the familiar
context of the classical as well as Christian tradition. A detailed reading of
Paradise Lost, along with briefer appreciations of Paradise Regained and Samson
Agonistes, make this a fine companion for the student and common reader who
otherwise might, with wandering steps and slow, through Milton take their
solitary way.  The Heavens and the Earth: A Political History of the Space Age,
by Walter A. McDougall (Basic Books, $11.95). "The great pioneers of modern
rocketry -- Tsiolkovsky, Goddard, Oberth, and their successors Korolev, von
Braun, and others -- were not inspired primarily by academic or professional
interest, financial ambitions, or even patriotic duty, but by the dream of
spaceflight. To a man they read the fantasies of Jules Verne, H.G. Wells, and
their imitators," begins this Pulitzer Prize-winning history. As rocket flight
became practicable, however, superpower rivalry and the perceived needs of
national security superseded scientific applications, a process traced here in
fascinating detail.  A Reader's Guide to the Nineteenth-Century Novel , by Julia
Prewitt Brown (Collier, $7.95). The wife of an earl is a countess, and he and
she rank below a marquis and marchioness but above a viscount and viscountess.
In the Victorian period, a gentleman required today's rough equivalent of
$200,000 a year to live. Living well meant having servants, who might earn as
little as 12 a year, the equivalent of about $2,500 today. The members of the
House of Lords (males holding heriditary titles, viz.: duke, marquis, earl,
viscount, or baron -- to give them in descending order) totaled only about 400
in Queen Victoria's day. These and dozens of other facts and explanations of
class, society, and mores in the 19th century make for a peerless encapsulation
of the background needed to understand the novels of Austen, Thackeray, the
Brontes, Dickens, Eliot, and Trollope.

CHILDREN'S BOOKS

A Medieval Feast , by Aliki (Random House, $4.95) Towards the end of the Middle
Ages, around 1400, the lord of an English manor receives the news that the king
and queen and their whole retinue will be stopping by for a few nights in the
course of a long journey. What a fuss and bother follow! The lord and lady, or
rather their serfs, clean, weave, embroider, paint, put up tents, fence fields,
hunt, hawk, trap, fish, pluck, gather, grind grain, churn butter, brew ale and,
above all, bake, in preparation for the great feast. All is depicted in loving
detail, the illustrations glowing with jewel-like blues, greens, reds, purples
and golds and decorated with ornate borders in the style of medieval illuminated
manuscripts. Children will appreciate the fish and bird border and the fruit,
vegetable, and herb border, into which an errant bee has wandered. Also not to
be missed are the expressions of ineffable discomfort on the faces of the
overfed monarchs.  The Best Bad Thing , by Yoshiko Uchida (Aladdin, $3.95; ages
8-13). Set in California in the 1930s, The Best Bad Thing plunks us down in the
home of a Japanese-American family so lively and sympathetic that we feel, well,
related to them. Of course the young heroine, Rinko, fresh from Uchida's earlier
A Jar of Dreams, has a very contemporary spunkiness, perhaps betraying the fact
that The Best Bad Thing was first published in 1983. But the story is what
matters. When Rinko's mother asks her to spend the last month of summer vacation
helping out a widowed neighbor, Rinko is understandably reluctant. Several minor
disasters in fact occur. But by the end of the month, she has discovered that
what looks like "a bad thing" may be just "the best good thing that has happened
to her." The best thing about The Best Bad Thing is that it contains not one
iota of that sentimental moralizing which so often mars books for this
age-group.  MYSTERY Murder Must Advertise; Lord Peter Views the Body; Five Red
Herrings; Have His Carcase; Gaudy Night; Busman's Honeymoon, all by Dorothy L.
Sayers (Perennial Library, $3.95 each). These half dozen volumes chronicle
several of the best cases in the detective career of the dapper Lord Peter
Wimsey. New readers uncertain where to start might well begin with the short
story collection Lord Peter Views the Body (which includes that chiller "The
Abominable History of the Man with Copper Fingers"), then go on to Murder Must
Advertise, an intricate whodunit set against the background of a 1920s ad agency
with several party scenes among the Bright Young People, and then conclude with
Gaudy Night, Sayers' masterpiece, a brilliant portrait of life in an Oxford
woman's college, enriched by Peacockian conversations among witty eccentrics and
ending with the engagement of Peter Wimsey to his long-pursued Harriet Vane. At
times Wimsey may seem rather too aristocratic, what with his manservant Bunter,
his library of rare books, his clipped speech, and it's clear that Sayers is
half in love with him, but his adventures nonetheless make for extremely
ingenious whodunits as well as diverting period pieces.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              631 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            January 23, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

An honest man in Manhattan;
JC Chandor's drama captures New York at its lowest, says Paul Whitington

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 633 words


FILM OF THE WEEK A Most Violent Year (15A, 125mins) ***** Someday someone will
have to explain to me why Clint Eastwood's competent but boneheaded war film
American Sniper has just received six Oscar nominations, including Best Picture,
while A Most Violent Year got none. Because while one is accustomed to the
mercurial whims of the Academy voters, the total exclusion of JC Chandor's
period thriller seems nonsensical in the extreme. Not only is it one of the very
best films of the last 12 months, but it looks beautiful, is dripping with 1980s
melancholy and features two standout performances from Oscar Issac and Jessica
Chastain.

They are Abel and Anna Morales, an 80s power couple whose steady rise
unfortunately coincides with their native city's nadir. Mr Chandor's film is set
in New York City in 1981, a year so violent and crime-ridden that the place
seemed about to collapse under an avalanche of corruption and venality. Everyone
is on the take, but Abel wants to achieve success honestly. He was born in
Colombia and drove oil trucks when he first arrived in America. Now, he owns the
company, and has grand plans to become the biggest heating oil supplier in New
York at a time when the city is poised for the mother and father of economic
comebacks.

To this end, Abel has just struck a deal with a group of perplexed Orthodox Jews
to buy a disused Brooklyn factory and dock on the banks of the strategically
important East River. Two million dollars is the sum, and Abel hopes this will
be the hub that allows him to corner the oil market in nearby Manhattan.

But there's a problem: someone has been attacking his drivers and stealing his
oil, and when one assault turns violent, Abel's bank refuses to loan him the $2
million, leaving the would-be mogul in a right pickle.

As Abel Morales goes around his friends and business associates trying to raise
the money, he begins to suspect that one of his competitors is trying to drive
him out of business. And, meanwhile, things get personal when he discovers a mob
gunman loitering outside his home.

The film's title makes it sound like an explosive, hysterical, Scorsese-style
bloodbath, but JC Chandor's story is more about an oppressive dread and the
constant threat of violence than its manifestation. Abel Morales is the classic
American dreamer, a furiously driven immigrant who is sure his hard work and
persistence are going to pay off in the end. He insists he's on a level playing
field, but his brassy wife knows better.

Anna dresses like Alexis Carrington, is the daughter of a mid-ranking Mafioso
and understands that the odds against an honest man making it big in '80s New
York are slim to none. A kind of Lady Macbeth with shoulder pads, Anna is handy
with guns and thinks Abel should get tough and defend his interests in the
time-honoured Manhattan way. But Abel knows that if he succumbs to violence and
mayhem he'll be lost as a man.

Rich and slow, full of shadows and nuance, A Most Violent Year is in one sense a
classic American immigrant story in the tradition of The Godfather. With his
dark good looks, slicked-back hair and fancy coats and suits, Oscar Issac's
Morales constantly reminds you of Michael Corleone, and seems to be wrestling
with similar demons. He talks quietly and pauses before he speaks, as if he has
a temper to manage, but Abel seems better equipped to resist the temptations of
violence, the catharsis of revenge.

And in the end, A Most Violent Year is less about crime than the sheer nerve
that separates the great businessman from the plodding also-ran. Because while
most would panic when faced with Abel's financial crisis, he calmly extends his
risk and reaches out to grasp his one big chance. It's a wonderful film, too
stately and grown-up no doubt, for the good folk at the Academy.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oscar Issac and Jessica Chastain play Abel and Anna Morales in this
instant American classic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  MARCH 14, 1997 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WE DON'T ALL DO IT

BYLINE: TOM CAMPBELL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 591 words


THE MOST disappointing phrase anyone serving in public office can hear today is
"they all do it." That is, essentially, the White House defense of the crass
sale of presidential perks to major donors to the president's party. And now
there are allegations that then-Sen. Al Gore made fund-raising calls from his
Senate office during his failed 1988 bid for president, despite the federal law
and a Senate ethics manual warning against it.

From the public polling data, it appears that President Clinton and Vice
President Gore are winning with this defense. Since "everyone does it," it
sounds almost hypocritical for critics to point out the unique venality of the
White House political machine. There is a surmise that members of Congress also
sell perks of office for campaign advantage. In fact, we do not.

Let me contrast what we have learned about the president and vice president with
what is typical of a congressional office. In my congressional office, I receive
letters of praise and letters of criticism. I do not send the letters of praise
over to my campaign office so that funds can be solicited from those who wrote.
I receive an extra ticket to the State of the Union address and to speeches by
visiting heads of state to Congress. I do not auction those off, but give them
to my staff.

When people ask to get on my schedule to talk about a political topic, I
schedule the meetings for the coffee shop across from my district office in
California; in Washington, I schedule them at the private Capitol Hill Club. I
don't make fund-raising calls from my congressional office -- and I don't know
any members of Congress who do. I know that government locations are for
carrying out the nation's business, not for dialing-up contributors. So does
everyone with any ethical sense above numbness.

That's why I found the vice president's excuse that he thought the law didn't
apply to him so bizarre.

In his White House news conference last week, which some in the press called
"surreal," the vice president stated -- no less than seven times -- that
"counsel" had advised him that "there was no controlling legal authority"
showing him in violation of the law.

First, there is such "controlling legal authority." It's called the United
States Code.

Section 607, Title 18, of the United States Code states: "It shall be unlawful
for any person to solicit or receive any contribution . . . in any room or
building occupied in the discharge of official duties by any person mentioned in
section 603." Section 603 of Title 18 defines "any person" to include "an
officer or employee of the United States or any department or agency thereof, or
a person receiving any salary or compensation for service from money derived
from the Treasury of the United States."

Violators of section 607 can be fined and/or imprisoned for up to three years.
How much clearer can it be?

Second, put the law to one side. What about a sense of personal ethics? Do we
really need a law to say "Don't use the public's money for personal political
gain?"

In light of the president and vice president's actions, Congress needs to send a
signal of hope and self-confidence to the entire country that we don't "all do
it." Regrettably, many people looking at Congress think each of us does pretty
much the same sort of thing, or at least looks the other way when one of our
colleagues does.

Well, as a matter of fact, not everyone does use public office for personal
political gain. And not every one of us looks the other way, either.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION
Tom Campbell is a Republican congressman from Campbell.
CAMPAIGN FUNDRAISING
RELATED STORIES: page 6B

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 9, 1995, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

SOUTHERN SULTRINESS AND SIN

BYLINE: Reviewed by Harry Levins

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 387 words


BEACH MUSIC A novel by Pat Conroy 628 pages, Doubleday, $ 27.50

A QUARTER of the way through "Beach Music," the narrator explains why he left
South Carolina to live in Rome:

"I needed a rest from the South. . . . I find it exhausting to think about and
overstimulating to live in and maddening to try to analyze."

Alas, those very terms describe this novel. After you finish it, you'll need a
rest from Pat Conroy.

Basically, the story concerns the resolution in 1985 of something awful that
happened to one of a tightly knit group of collegiate friends in their Vietnam
War protesting days - something so awful that it sent the friend into European
exile.

This tale begins and ends in Rome but spends most of its time in South
Carolina's low country. It has more sense of place - that is, more Southern
sultriness and sin - than anything Faulkner ever wrote. Conroy subjects his
readers to (in alphabetical order) alcoholism, child abuse, death, disloyalty,
dysfunction, the Holocaust, leukemia, militarism, murder, rape, sadism,
schizophrenia, suicide, treachery, venality, wife-beating and a few more evils
that have slipped my mind.

Worse, Conroy insists on telling his tale Southern style - that is, dragged-out
and heavy on adjectives, adverbs, similes, metaphors, hyperbole and (again)
sense of place. At one point, his narrator says, "They were Southern boys, and
they knew how to make a story sizzle when it hit the fat." Fair enough, but more
often than not, "Beach Music" misses the fat and simply falls into the
decaying-magnolia-blossom compost heap. Even the author's acknowledgments go on
too long and too sappily. This book should have been edited with a chain saw.

"Beach Music" is Conroy's sixth novel; like so many of the others, it gives off
a strong smell of autobiography. You'll find echoes of "The Great Santini," "The
Lords of Discipline," "The Prince of Tides" and so on - South Carolinians with
deep, shameful secrets.

In the end (after a wildly improbable resolution of the loose ends), "Beach
Music" is a novel of redemption. Let's hope it has served Pat Conroy as an agent
of exorcism: Begone, family failings! Out, out, South Carolina!

Conroy has a wonderful novel in him. With redemption in hand, maybe he can put
the South behind him and write that book at last.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: (1) Photo - MONDAY: Leona Helmsley on "Biography." (2) Photo - SUNDAY:
Mandy Patinkin on "Evening at Pops." (3) Photo - WEDNESDAY: Barry Corbin on
"Northern Exposure." (4) Color Photo - COVER PHOTO - Cover Closeup - Movie - The
Desperate Trail - In a tribute vintage Hollywood Weterns, airing at 7 p.m.
Sunday on TNT cable Linda Fiorentino plays a murderess who escapes (Sam Elliott,
on the cover with Fiorentino) when their stagecoach is ambushed. She hooks up
with another passenger (Craig Sheffer) and together they flee to his brother's
farm, trailed by the vengeful marshal.

TYPE: REVIEW BOOK

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              634 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 June 28, 1990

Arts (Critics' Choice): Theatre

BYLINE: By ROBIN THORNBER in Manchester

LENGTH: 319 words


MANCHESTER Royal Exchange relaxes tonight with She's In Your Hands! a new
adaptation of Feydeau's farce Occupe-toi d'Amelie! by Robert Cogo-Fawcett and
Braham Murray, the team behind previous summer romps here like Have You Anything
To Declare? and Court In The Act! Gregory Hersov directs, set and costumes by
Johan Engels.

The Duke's Playhouse in Lancaster continues its open-air season in the
captivating Williamson Park, bringing into the repertory Tales Of King Arthur, a
new version of the Mallory legends by Manchester playwright John Chambers, also
opening tonight.


The new West Yorkshire Playhouse in Leeds has a Peter Barnes premiere on
Tuesday: Sunsets And Glories is an epic comedy with Freddie Jones playing the
thirteenth century hermit, Peter di Morrone, who became Celestine V the only
Pope to resign. Stuart Burge, who collaborated with Barnes on the original
production of The Ruling Class, directs; design is by Fotini Dimou.

Also on Tuesday, Annie Castledine directs her last show at Derby Playhouse with
Neil Bartlett, who has also adapted Moliere's The School For Wives for this
production, set in Derby and dealing with 'the hypocrisy and venality of human
wheelings and dealings.' (His version of Racine's Berenice is at the National
this summer.) Annie returns to freelancing and teaching: I hope Derby realises
its loss. A Bill Kenwright tour of Wait Until Dark follows.

Nottingham Playhouse is also losing its artistic director (to Coronation
Street): Kenneth Alan Taylor seemingly too commercial for Nottingham, where
Annie Castledine was too artistic for Derby bows out with Ken Hill's The Curse
Of The Werewolf from tomorrow. And Coronation Street writer Trevor Suthers has a
new play, The Well, dealing with punishment in the community, staged by One Step
Theatre at Manchester Green Room tonight, followed by Forkbeard Fantasy's A
Serious Leak tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              635 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                      November 25, 2002 - December 1, 2002

MANTRAP

BYLINE: Ronnie Scheib

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS**web

LENGTH: 289 words


A NorthStar Pictures production. Produced by Gary White. Executive producer,
Ralph R. Clemente.

Directed by Alexander Pelet-Narbonne. Screenplay, Jan Schwartz. Camera (color,
Super16mm-to-D9), Gennadi Balitski; editor, Gary White; music, Amerigo D'Amico,
Mitch Magonet; art director, Vanja Avalis. Reviewed on cassette at Fort
Lauderdale Film Festival (Sunshine Celluloid), Nov. 7, 2002. Running time: 89
MIN.

With: Nicole Katz, Vincent Flood, Robert Sullivan, Kimberly Schwener, Joe Drago.

Badly scripted, atrociously acted stab at the kind of madcap bedroom farce Blake
Edwards delighted in, "Mantrap" focuses on one woman frantically juggling two
lovers at the same time in the same place. Frosh helmer Pelet-Narbonne lays out
the spatial logistics fairly well, as seductress hustles boyfriends 1 and 2 into
separate bedrooms and madly dashes back and forth, changing nightwear and mixing
short-term mickeys. But the moment anyone opens his mouth, amateurishness of
project blares forth, since personalities and dialogue are inane to the point of
witlessness. Prospects for release seem dim.

Characters, aside from being terminally stupid, are generally unappealing. Ditzy
heroine doesn't even try to disguise her shallow venality and her two dorky
thick-as-plank boyfriends (one supposedly a broker, the other a teacher) react
to all situations with either automatic lust or puerile petulance. If "stars"
weren't one-dimensional enough, script drags in indigenous Florida trailer
trash, a spying spinster, a simpering gay guy and an upright-peeing transvestite
(oops!). Whole cast acts like they've wandered in from a Tyrolean porn film.
Lensing by Gennadi Balitski, on the other hand, is several cuts above average.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2002 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                             April 23, 1995, Sunday

Ellis conjures up cast of beautiful people with damned little to say

BYLINE: Tim Sevenoaks ; Daily Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


THE INFORMERS By Bret Easton Ellis Picador. 226 pp. 9.99

Bret Easton Ellis writes about the beautiful and the damned, or at least that
appears to be his intention. The characters of his first two novels, "Less Than
Zero" and "The Rules of Attraction," were pretty and rich college students who
slept with each other a lot, listened to awful '80s bands such as Duran Duran
and happily ameliorated their jagged cocaine lows with Qualudes, but tended not
to smoke as cigarettes are, like, um, bad for you.

The point of all this, the big moral deal, was that while beautiful they were
also, alas, damned; long on Porsches, they were short on goodness. This not
untrammeled theme was made ludicrously explicit in his third novel, "American
Psycho," whose investment banker protagonist (the goody-goody older brother in
"The Rules Of Attraction") does many terrible things, though he is beautiful,
including, memorably, "making love" to the neck of a girlfriend he has just
decapitated.

"The Informers" returns to the time, place and milieu of "Less Than Zero," Los
Angeles in the early '80s. The 13 chapters are really short stories, more or
less linked by the dazed cast of wealthy 20-somethings they share. Their world
is a cacotopia of stoned ambivalence, MTV, Librium and the unwanted food they
listlessly order at Spago and The Polo Lounge. A pool boy fishes out two dead
rats from the filter while the tranquilized owner regards him with vague erotic
inquiry. It's all rather like a Pepsi ad scripted by William Boroughs. Love,
friendship and kindness vanish in the smog of boredom and venality.

Virtually every character is "tan" and "blond," every spoken adjective preceded
by "like" or "um," followed by "man" or "dude."

The characters are mostly interchangeable. The 13 narrators speak in exactly the
some voice, and one has little idea, when a Spaz, Tim, Rikkie or Martin is
mentioned, whether they are the same Spazes, Tims, Rikkies or Martins from
previous chapters.

If all this sounds boring, labored, pretentious and depressing (there is a large
and silly vampire subplot that attempts to make the book an AIDS-allegory) then
yes, it is. If the whole book had been reduced to one longish short story, it
would have been far superior--even truer of "American Psycho," which, if the
last three-quarters had been edited out, would have been a work of real genius.

There can be no disputing the brilliance of Ellis' ear for idiom and dialogue,
nor, when it breaks through the studied blandness of his overall design, his
enormous talent. One or two of the stories are fine, such as "In the Islands,"
in which a father-son relationship is bleakly anatomized, and "The Fifth Wheel,"
which describes a child murder. He has a way with the haunting, telescoped
image, too. Describing the candles around a dead body: "A reminder of relations
who will not be as anguished as they should be, a test they will fail."

But the biggest, and ultimately terminal, problem with this and all Ellis' other
books, is their complete lack of any moral sense with which to create meaning
from his remorseless vision of the world's squalor. It is all very well to write
about lost generations and moral bankruptcy if you must, but a mere
"demonstration" of these things, no matter how accomplished, is not enough.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 The Daily Yomiuri


                              637 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 24, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

CBS Looks Hard--at CBS

SECTION: First Section; Editorial; A14

LENGTH: 467 words


CBS NEWS, responding to criticism of a documentary on Vietnam, has done
something very hard for most organizations to do: it has examined the criticism
without flinching and admitted fault. The review, undertaken, as CBS news chief
Van Gordon Sauter explained, to protect CBS News' most important asset--its
credibility--does exactly that.

"The Uncounted Enemy: A Vietnam Deception," which ran last Jan. 23, said Gen.
William Westmoreland had led a "conspiracy" to pass to the White House deflated
estimates of enemy strength in order to sustain public support for the war.
Confirming one common--though contested--Vietnam- era view of official venality,
the documentary made a splash. In May, however, TV Guide magazine published an
investigative report asserting that CBS had not so much discovered a conspiracy
as set out to prove one and had tailored its investigation to fit. For instance,
"CBS paid $25,000 to a consultant on the program without adequately
investigating his 14-year quest to prove the program's conspiracy theory," it
"violated its own official guidelines by rehearsing its paid consultant before
he was interviewed on camera," and so on. In response, CBS conducted its own
review; a summary was released the other day.

While formally "standing by" the documentary, CBS backed off the charge of
"conspiracy." It said it had not sought out enough persons "who disagreed with
the broadcast premise" of official deception. And it acknowledged inadequate
compliance with its news standards, to wit: one Westmoreland critic was
interviewed twice "to elicit a stronger interview"; another was allowed to view
interviews of others before going on camera himself; the show's consultant was
not identified as paid; by "oversight," material was twice transposed from one
set of events to another; four times, answers from several questions were
combined into one answer. Further, a letter from Gen. Westmoreland, in which he
followed up his interview, was not heeded, an available Westmoreland supporter
was not tracked down and no material was used from a three-hour interview with
presidential aide Walt W. Rostow.

CBS News was very gutsy to tackle such a vital and tender topic in a documentary
in the first place. It is now taking another look at the issue. It is appointing
a vice president to hear complaints, internal and external, and it will require
the principal correspondent on these shows to be fully involved-- not simply to
come in late for a few interviews. Already there is some criticism of Mr. Sauter
for answering at all to outside criticism: dark clouds of corporate or
commercial pressure are said to be hovering. We think it's something else. We
think it's journalism that is self-confident enough to be self- critical. That
is the only credible kind.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              638 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WHEN THE ROT SET IN

BYLINE: By LEO MARX; Leo Marx teaches American cultural history at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His next book is ''The Pilot and the
Passenger: Essays on Literature, Technology, and Culture in the United States.''

SECTION: Section 7; Page 10, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 1805 words



THE MANUFACTURE OF EVIL
Ethics, Evolution, and the Industrial System. By Lionel Tiger. 345 pp. New York:
A Cornelia & Michael Bessie Book/ Harper & Row. $20.50.

EVENTS have conspired to lend ''The Manufacture of Evil'' a timeliness Lionel
Tiger could not possibly have anticipated when he began writing. True, he must
have had in mind notable malefactions like Watergate, but how could he have
guessed that before the book appeared White House aides would admit to having
deliberately circumvented the law in their zeal to carry out the President's
clandestine foreign policy? Or that a leading candidate for the Presidency would
withdraw after seeming to defy the received code of marital fidelity? Or that
reputable investment bankers would confess to having used secret ''insider''
information to make killings on Wall Street? Or that prominent medical
researchers would be shown to have falsified vital scientific evidence? Or that
several top-notch athletes would admit using drugs? Or that two revered
television evangelists would in effect plead guilty to charges of gross venality
and sexual misconduct? This conjunction of public scandals has provided a
warranty of relevance for ''The Manufacture of Evil,'' an earnest work of
popular anthropology that purports to explain why citizens of modern industrial
societies find it especially ''difficult . . . to sustain clear notions of what
is right and wrong.''

Mr. Tiger, who identifies himself as ''a professor of anthropology trained as a
political sociologist and lured by biology,'' approaches his subject from the
distanced vantage of an evolutionary social biologist. He attributes our
seemingly chronic state of ethical confusion and corruption to a kind of
maladaptation, a devastating mismatch between the imperatives of our vast,
complex, impersonal, radically innovative industrial system and our species'
inherent moral sense. His major premise is that humankind is endowed with a
''natural,'' perhaps even genetically transmitted, morality. During the roughly
four million years when our ancestors lived in small bands of hunters and
gatherers, ''this smart primate,'' like all other creatures, behaved differently
toward kin and non-kin. Our inbred touchstone of right and wrong, formed during
those eons that constitute all but a minuscule fraction of human history, was -
and in large measure still is -loyalty to other members of one's own community.
Such communities rarely comprised more than 200 or 300 people, of whom many if
not most were blood relatives. But then, some 10,000 years ago, with the
invention of animal husbandry, settled agriculture and cities, the rot set in.

As society became larger and more intricately organized, this natural morality
based on kinship began to lose its efficacy. The erosive process was gradual
until the emergence of industrial society. In a disconcertingly slapdash sketch
of modern history, Mr. Tiger focuses on the jump into modernity that humankind
allegedly took some three centuries ago. He regards the industrial system, with
its powerful science-based technologies and its well-nigh limitless productive
capacities, as a virtual mutation - a quite literal break in the continuity of
human history. Compared with the way ''this highly gregarious mammal'' had been
living for several million years, Mr. Tiger argues, its urban industrial way of
life hardly could be more exotic. His aim in the first, more successful half of
the book is to ''draw a picture of a creature, man, living in a kind of new zoo
ill-adapted to his basic behavioral nature.''

Of this new zoo's many exotic, unsuitable features, the most telling for Mr.
Tiger's argument is the ideology of ''possessive individualism.'' According to
this bourgeois doctrine, we each ''own'' ourselves; in effect, then, the human
essence no longer resides in being part of a family or other social whole, but
in the freedom of the self from dependence on the wills of others. This ethic,
which facilitated the breakup of ''the natural gregarious group'' into atomistic
units, was ideally suited to the operation of a large-scale market economy. Cut
loose from communal and blood ties, individuals could easily be enlisted in the
service of immense, highly rationalized, virtually self-generating bureaucratic
institutions such as the industrial corporations.

To exemplify the new morality, or amorality, adopted by these deracinated
monads, Mr. Tiger looks at scientific management. Its characteristic principles
of instrumental rationality ''provided emotional permission for people to focus
on the trade or the task . . . rather than on the kin or other local group.''
This single-minded commitment to the practical in turn made plausible that stock
20th-century rationale for committing high crimes: ''We were just doing our
job.'' This ''communal Eichmann defense'' indicates what happened to moral
behavior when a ''natural animal'' produced ''an unnatural system.'' By now the
system has ''gained autonomy over everyone's individual perceptions and
decisions,'' and industrial societies routinely yield ''vast outcomes that no
one wants.'' Hence the gloomy import of Mr. Tiger's title: we have created a
kind of society that necessarily, if undesignedly, manufactures evil.

At first sight there is something intuitively plausible, even compelling, about
this updated version of what Mr. Tiger admits is a familiar pattern. It would be
surprising, indeed, if the skyrocketing acceleration in the rate of social
change since 1700 had not resulted in serious kinds of moral dislocation. On
reflection, however, Mr. Tiger's thesis provokes many questions: Is the
contemporary version of the conflict between public and private, between the
values fostered by large-scale and small-scale social organizations, all that
unique? Is that conflict qualitatively different in our time from what it was
for people who lived under ancient tyrannies, or the Roman Empire, or the feudal
or colonial systems? And how do we reconcile Mr. Tiger's argument with the
emergence of such powerful new codes of public morality as representative
democracy, socialism or communism? Are the kinds of collective political
behavior they recommend ''unnatural'' too? Precisely what does it mean, anyway,
to say that the industrial system, or any other social arrangement contrived by
human beings, is ''unnatural''?

Unfortunately, Mr. Tiger does not satisfactorily address any of these questions.
In the second half of the book he applies his thesis - and I do mean applies -
to a number of recent trends in our society: the emergence of the
''psychological sciences'' and their complicity in creating an oppressively
manipulative ''psycho-industrial complex''; the rise and decline of mass
literacy, seen as another ''unnatural'' tool of industrialization; the
tightening grip of mass ideologies, which are surrogates for disappearing
beliefs and affiliations based on kinship; the interplay between rising
productivity and declining reproductivity, which has been accompanied by the
recruitment of women into the work force; the ''industrialization of the body''
as it is affected by new kinds of contraception, abortion and new reproductive
technologies; the women's and gay movements, both charged with being ''legatees
of Victorianism'' because they would deny ''the coercive role of nature'' in
sexual behavior. All of this amounts to a sustained attack on the heartless,
impersonal character of the ''industrial system'' and its sorry ethic of
instrumental rationality. MR. TIGER'S survey of our tribulations is such a stir
of opinion, clever phrase-making, anecdote, arresting statistics and cameo
analyses (some provocative and enlightening, others vague, careless or
incoherent) that it finally becomes impossible to take it seriously. He thus
undermines the strong argument he had mounted in the first half of the book. But
perhaps the most damaging source of incoherence is Mr. Tiger's uncritical
reliance upon the idea of ''nature'' (or ''the natural'') as a measure of value.
Much of the book is written as if Mr. Tiger could afford to ignore the heavy
burden of metaphysical assumption that accompanies the concept of ''nature'' as
a norm for judging human behavior, and its often-demonstrated affinities with
obscurantist, reactionary policies.

He is most vulnerable when he explicitly disavows all political approaches to
the problems of the industrial era. One would suppose that problems generated by
a system of power are unavoidably political. But Mr. Tiger disagrees. At points
he describes the book as a ''secular theodicy'' - a vindication of divine
justice in the face of existing evil - and he resorts throughout to theological
analogies for his chief categories: ''Eden'' for the ideal small community and
its ''natural'' morality; ''the fall'' for the rise of the industrial system;
''evil'' for the unforeseen consequences of social action. If read as a
theodicy, the controlling logic of ''The Manufacture of Evil'' becomes evident.
The parlous state of contemporary life may then be seen as a kind of divine
punishment; it is the price exacted from us for our fall into modernity - for
our abandonment of the morality rooted in our inescapable biological condition.
The book's final message, therefore, is an expression of a quasi-religious
rather than political view of life. It is an exhortation to us to relearn
respect for the limits ordained by godlike nature.

FRAIL THROUGH THE CENTURIES

In the fourth century B.C., armorers serving the dictator Dionysius of Syracuse
in Sicily invented the catapult. . . . It could throw missiles over fortified
walls into towns, it could break down those walls, it could kill people at
distances of hundreds of yards with . . . devastatingly heavy objects. . . . By
comparison with the catapult, a crude and definite danger, contemporary warfare
has become staggeringly complex and yet also mysteriously theoretical. To the
outsider, the sophistication of modern weaponry is so elaborately linked to the
precise exploitation of physical principles that the complexities of warfare may
appear to be analogues of some inner complexity of the natural world itself. . .
. The fiery reality is that the technical brilliance, military capacity, and
economic cost of weapons . . . increasingly dominate the technological forces of
rich and needy societies alike. But the physical frailty of people and the
vulnerability of the human social world are the same as they have always been. .
. . What so nutritiously feeds this vast and encompassing process is the
technological system itself. The servant system has become the master builder.
It is all the more prepossessing because it remains theoretically subservient to
the lords of politics.

From ''The Manufacture of Evil.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: REVIEW

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              639 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              May 11, 1997 Sunday

MOB OF VIEWERS MAY GATHER FOR PUZO'S 'DON'

BYLINE: Brian Lambert, Staff Columnist

SECTION: TV WEEKLY; Cover Story; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 514 words


There are a lot of film lovers, buffs and critics who regard "The Godfather" and
"The Godfather, Part II" as two - or possibly one - of the greatest movies ever
made. "The Godfather, Part III" is another matter. (A tired, misbegotten
production.)

All these people will take an interest in the six-hour CBS miniseries of Mario
Puzo's latest novel, "The Last Don." The Corlones may be gone, but fans of
Puzo-style scheming and family values will watch with avid interest.

(Note: When this edition of the paper went to bed, CBS had not yet released
preview tapes to the press.)

Earlier this year in Pasadena, actors Joe Mantegna and Kirstie Alley met with TV
critics to show a clip of the part of the production that had been completed and
discuss what was yet to come.

Fans of the book may be disheartened to learn that much consolidation has gone
on with the various Hollywood characters Puzo employed to lampoon the venality
and excesses of a business he knows nearly as well as old-style mob families.

Executive producer Frank Konigsberg said, however, that Puzo had called him
after reading the script and reassured him that had he done the adaptation, he
probably would have consolidated a lot of the movie-writer chracters into one as
well. Morevover, he had no problems with what had been done with the miniseries.
(On the other hand, what else would an executive producer ever say?)

Mantegna was drawn into a question about political correctness, as regards the
use of Italian surnames. At one time, there was considerable protest over
Hollywood's practice of affixing unmistakably Italian names to mafia-style
gangsters. But in a Mario Puzo miniseries, Italian gangsters get to keep their
Italian names.

Said Mantegna, "I think you draw more attention to something like that if you
duck the reality of it. I would like to think that people are intelligent enough
and not so naive as to think every Italian-American has somehow been involved in
this kind of world.

"But it would also be naive to think that if we change the name, we take the
vowels off the ends of their names and call them 'Smith' and 'Jones' that
everybody will say, 'Oh, well that's OK, then. That dark-haired guy looks like
he could be a Smith.' "

Alley, looking like she had either been crying for a month or hadn't slept in a
week, was asked how she got involved.

"I was bribed," she cracked. "But when I was told Danny (Aiello) and Joe were
doing it, I got interested. And I got to play sort of a crazy person. And I'm
sort of crazy, so I thought that was sort of appropriate at this time."

In case you haven't read Puzo's book, Alley plays Aiello's (the Don's) daughter.
"A black sheep," says Alley. "The family nut." Mantegna is Aiello's nephew.

"And," says Alley, after explaining that Dad the Don has her new husband
murdered on their wedding night, "my son is the devil incarnate."

In other words, all the elements are in place for a warm, six hours of family
fun.

WHAT: "Mario Puzo's the Last Don"
WHEN: 8 p.m. Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday
WHERE: WCCO-TV, Channel 4

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Jason Gedrick and Daryl Hannah play lovers in "Mario Puzo's the Last
Don," which centers on a very powerful Mafia family in America.

                     Copyright 1997 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Dirks Wins Insider Trading Case As High Court Rules Against SEC

                             July 5, 1983, Tuesday

By DAVE AHEARN, The Bond Buyer

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Supreme Court has found that a professional investment analyst did not
violate securities laws by using insider information which he had received in
1973.

In its ruling last week, the court said there was no violation because the
information was used to ''blow the whistle'' on improprieties in an insurance
firm rather than for personal gain.

Raymond L. Dirks, a vice president and specialist in insurance stocks at the New
York broker-dealer Delafield Childs Inc., dealt exclusively with institutional
clients.

Ronald Secrist, a former officer of an insurance firm, the Equity Funding
Corporation of America told Mr. Dirks in March, 1973 that EFCA was engaged in a
massive fraud, including the creation of fictitious insurance policies.

The Securities and Exchange Commission earlier, and again in 1973, investigated
and failed to substantiate the charges.

Mr. Dirks investigated the charges, and some EFCA employees corroborated the
allegations, although senior management denied any wrongdoing.

Mr. Dirks vainly tried to persuade the Wall Street Journal to publish a story on
the matter, in which event the EFCA affair would have been general public
knowledge.

He also told his investor-customers of the insurer's venality, and some of the
customers sold EFCA stock.

The stock price fell during Mr. Dirks's investigation, and the New York Stock
Exchange halted trading in the paper.

California insurance authorities then impounded EFCA records and unearthed
evidence of fraud.

After that, the SEC filed a complaint against EFCA, and the Wall Street Journal
finally published a story about the matter, largely based on Mr. Dirks's
information.

The SEC then charged him with violating anti-fraud securities laws by providing
information about the fraud to investors who later sold EFCA stock. However, the
SEC only censured him because he helped to bring the fraud to light.

Mr. Dirks appealed the SEC ruling to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District
of Columbia. The court ruled against him, and he appealed to the Supreme Court.

''We conclude that Mr. Dirks, in the circumstances of this case, had no duty to
abstain from use of the inside information that he obtained,'' the Supreme Court
decided in reversing the appellate court.

The Supreme Court noted that ''tippers'' -- those who disclosed information to
Mr. Dirks about EFCA's activities -- ''received no monetary or personal benefit
for revealing Equity Funding's secrets, nor was their purpose to make a gift of
valuable information to Mr. Dirks.

''As the facts of the case clearly indicate, the tippers were motivated by a
desire to expose the fraud. In the absence of a breach of duty to shareholders
by the insiders, there was no breach by Mr. Dirks. Mr. Dirks therefore could not
have been 'a participant after the fact' in an insider's breach of a fiduciary
duty.''

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 480 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 American Banker, Inc.


                              641 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 13, 2009 Friday

MADOFF GOES TO JAIL ON 11 GUILTY PLEAS

BYLINE: SINCLAIR STEWART

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; MADOFF SCANDAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1041 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Bernard Madoff knew it would come to this. He knew that one crime must be
concealed by another, that with each brick he mortared onto his pyramid scheme
he was moving inexorably toward this day, when he would stand before a judge and
confess to being a con man, the mastermind of what may prove to be the largest
investment fraud in Wall Street history.

Yesterday, shortly before bailiffs led him away in handcuffs, Mr. Madoff pleaded
guilty to 11 felony charges that carry a maximum sentence of up to 150 years in
prison.

In front of a packed Manhattan courtroom that included dozens of reporters and
several of his victims - along with hundreds of others that watched him on video
in overflow rooms - Mr. Madoff, 70, said he was "deeply sorry and ashamed" for a
decades-long swindle prosecutors say has cost investors as much as $65-billion
(U.S).

The disgraced financier spoke for about 10 minutes in a hushed monotone.

Mr. Madoff told the court he concocted the scam in the 1990s when he felt
"compelled" to provide his clients with decent returns, even though a recession
made that all but impossible.

"I believed it would end shortly and I would be able to extricate myself and my
clients from the scheme," he said, speaking publicly for the first time since
his arrest in December. "As the years went by, I realized this day, and my
arrest, would inevitably come."

The scope and duration of Mr. Madoff's fraud has cast him as the public face of
an era defined by venality. The former Nasdaq chairman counted celebrities such
as Kevin Bacon, Zsa Zsa Gabor and Sandy Koufax among his clients, as well as
numerous foundations, including ones linked to Steven Spielberg and Holocaust
survivor and Nobel-prize-winning writer Elie Wiesel.

Yet there were thousands of regular investors, too, who lost their life savings
and are now facing an uncertain retirement. Dozens of charities have been badly
damaged or forced to close, and the investment scandal has been linked to at
least two suicides.

Although his victims said they want him to go to jail, some said the guilty plea
deprived them of the chance to obtain more answers about the fraud, and to set a
public example through the spectacle of a trial.

If we go to trial, we can show all our world that all crimes, including crimes
of greed, can be dissected, ruled upon and punished, and we can demonstrate we
are a country that can learn from our mistakes," said Maureen Ebel, one of three
victims who spoke at the proceedings.

Outside the court, scores of reporters and photographers waited behind
barricades to catch a glimpse of Mr. Madoff. Helicopters hovered overhead,
having followed his procession here from the $7-million apartment where he has
been under house arrest.

Miriam Siegman, a middle-aged investor, told a group of reporters she had lost
everything, and was now subsisting on food stamps. For her, the sight of Mr.
Madoff being whisked away to prison was cold comfort.

"It doesn't change much in my life, which is hell," said Ms. Siegman, who
declined to say how much money she lost. "What I want to happen is not to worry
about buying food."

Ira Sorkin, Mr. Madoff's lawyer, sought his client's release on bail until a
June 16 sentencing date, arguing that several other convicted fraudsters -
Jeffrey Skilling and Ken Lay of Enron, John Rigas of Adelphia Communications and
Bernie Ebbers of WorldCom - were granted this treatment.

Yet Judge Denny Chin turned down the request, drawing applause from several
spectators, which he promptly quelled.

"In light of Mr. Madoff's age, he has the incentive to flee. He has the means to
flee, and therefore he is a flight risk."

Mr. Madoff admitted that instead of investing his clients' money in a basket of
blue-chip stocks, as he promised, he placed it in a bank account and transferred
money between New York and London to create the appearance of trading activity.
He used this money to fund redemptions when people wanted to make withdrawals,
and acknowledged he issued fake client statements to maintain the illusion he
was providing steady, healthy returns.

One of the more puzzling aspects of the Madoff scandal, aside from the sheer
money involved, is that it remained undetected for so long, despite accusations
of impropriety and regulatory probes.

George Nierenberg, another victim who spoke during the hearing, asked why the
government was not pursuing conspiracy charges against others at Mr. Madoff's
firm, given the elaborate nature of his crimes.

"I don't know if you had a chance to turn around and look at the victims," Mr.
Nierenberg told Mr. Madoff, before arguing that more charges should be brought.
"Madoff's operation was massive. He didn't commit these crimes alone."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Marc Litt, who is leading the prosecution, said the
investigation would continue even after Mr. Madoff's sentencing. The government
has seized the contents of his Manhattan offices, and is trying to locate the
money that flowed through his firm, Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC.
So far, the firm's bankruptcy trustee has only found about $1-billion of the
estimated $170-billion that flowed through the firm since the 1980s, when
prosecutors allege the fraud began.

After the 75-minute session, Mr. Madoff was taken to the Metropolitan
Correctional Center in lower Manhattan.

"That's where he belongs," said Helen Chaitman, a 67-year-old lawyer who said
she lost her entire nest egg. "The handcuffs gave me some satisfaction. I plan
to retire when I'm 95 and I'll be trying cases until then."

*****

Eleven counts, up to 150 years in prison

1. Securities fraud

Maximum penalty: 20 years

2. Investment adviser fraud

Maximum penalty: Five years

3. Mail fraud

Maximum penalty: 20 years

4. Wire fraud

Maximum penalty: 20 years

5. Intl. money laundering

(related to transfer of funds)

Maximum penalty: 20 years

6. Intl. money laundering

Maximum penalty: 20 years

7. Money laundering

Maximum penalty: 10 years

8. False statements

Maximum penalty: Five years

9. Perjury

Maximum penalty: Five years

10. Making false filing to SEC

Maximum Penalty: 20 years

11. Theft from an

employee benefit plan

Maximum penalty: Five years

Associated Press

Illustration: Reuters

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 2, 2000, Saturday

Fiction

BYLINE: Contributors: Steve Jelbert, Victoria Walker, James Urquhart, Ed Clarke,
Ross

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 973 words


Struggles in Ireland, unrest in the Punjab, mixed-race misfits and the Empire
strikes back

A STAR CALLED HENRY. By Roddy Doyle. Vintage, Pounds 6.99. ISBN 0 099 28448 0.
Times Bookshop Pounds 4.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

FAR REMOVED in tone from the brutal whimsy of Doyle's previous work, the first
part of his projected trilogy takes nothing less than the creation of
independent Ireland as its canvas, as seen through the eyes of Dublin urchin and
freedom fighter Henry Smart. It's an extraordinary work, leavened with gallows
humour, which unpicks the complexities of the struggle with great skill and
terrific narrative drive. Recommended. - SJ MENTAL FIGHT

By Ben Okri

Phoenix, Pounds 4.99

ISBN 0 753 81067 0

Times Bookshop Pounds 3.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

LIKE A modern-day Walt Whitman, Okri raises his voice in a call to spiritual
arms. In this "anti-spell for the 21st century" he lists mankind's past evils -
slavery, genocide, murder, holocaust - and rages against society now. Finally,
with all his energy spent in the violence of his passion, he whispers modest
maxims in a bid for a collective dream of a better future. Loud, epic, humble,
hopeful, this is Okri at his best. - VW THE BEDROOM OF

THE MISTER'S WIFE

By Philip Hensher

Vintage, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 0 099 27445 0

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

WITTY, SARDONIC urban vignettes mingle with tender accounts of characters
baffled by the circumstances of their lives. Deftly and subtly, Hensher
satirises venality and selfishness, giving a hard, dark lustre to some stories,
while reserving his compassion for the less socially adroit. His diverse
material returns persistently to the penetrating anxieties that govern our
lives. - JU

WHAT THE BODY REMEMBERS

By Shauna Singh Baldwin

Anchor, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 1 862 30077 1

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

IT IS Punjab during the Forties and the region simmers with political and
religious unrest. Enter two women: Satya and Roop, first and second wives of a
rich landowner. Divided by class, caste and attitudes to religion, the two
battle for the love of their husband in a conflict that echoes the struggles of
pre-independence India. The language is rich and

Baldwin displays a detailed knowledge of Punjabi life. - VW THE INTERNATIONAL

By Glenn Patterson

Anchor, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 1 862 30075 0

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

FOR YOUNG "Danny Boy" Hamilton, a barman at The International, Belfast, it is
just another Saturday in January 1967. The day's drinking unfolds as usual, but
tomorrow the hotel is hosting the inaugural meeting of the Northern Ireland
Civil Rights Association. Through Danny's eyes, Patterson takes a snapshot of a
city only just oblivious to the impending Troubles. His observations are wry,
acute and infused with tragedy. - EC LADYSMITH

By Giles Foden

Faber & Faber, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 0 571 20366 3

Times Bookshop Pounds 4.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

IN 1899 Boer forces besieged the British town of Ladysmith. Despite heavy
bombardment, it held out for 118 days. From these scant facts, Foden creates a
rich cast of characters, from the young Churchill and Gandhi to a hotelier's
impetuous daughter and a wounded Kaffir. He treats the "virtues of the Empire"
with a satirist's skill, but it is his empathy with his subject that sets this
novel among the best of its genre. - RL CORREGIDORA

By Gayl Jones

Serpent's Tail, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 1 85242 722 1

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

SEXUAL TENSION is the keynote to Gayl Jones's compelling study of human
relationships in postwar black America; every scene simmers with the implicit
violence that accompanies uncompromising physical desires. The story of
Corregidora, a bar singer, is raw and rowdy, but avoids the crude posturing of a
sexual confession. Rather, once fitted into her brutal family history, it makes
a striking picture of the instinctive powers of the life force. - SL THE SPRINGS
OF AFFECTION

By Maeve Brennan

Flamingo, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 0 006 55149 1

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

THIS COLLECTION of 21 stories charts the lives of three families in a Dublin
terrace. The action within each is slight - a new sofa arrives, a wedding
anniversary is ignored, a bishop comes to tea - but Brennan shows how such small
incidents can have an explosive emotional impact. Sly and deceptively simple,
her prose, like her characters, hides much beneath the surface. These humorous
and moving tales demand to be read often. - SR RENEGADE

By Timothy Mo

Paddleless, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 0 952 41933 5

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

GIANT SCION of a Filipina whore and a black American soldier, our hero never
quite fits in wherever he goes, and in the course of this astonishing, lyrical,
violent novel, he visits Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand, the Gulf, Britain and
the Caribbean. More than a meditation on the effects of mixed-race liaisons, it
is also a blast of a read, flickering between thought, action and humour and
leaving a residue of sweet sadness. - AC THE MARK OF THE ANGEL

By Nancy Huston

Vintage, Pounds 6.99

ISBN 0 099 28364 6

Times Bookshop Pounds 5.99 (free p&p) 0870 160 8080

SET AGAINST the backdrop of a Paris undergoing violent change in the Fifties,
Huston's tale of a doomed love triangle is lent gritty significance by the
conflicting traumas of the central lovers, a Hungarian Jew and a German woman.
The suffering of the lovers is movingly offset by the tragic events of French
Algeria's struggle for independence, whose details are grimly documented, though
the portentous tone of the narrator sometimes grates.- EO


LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              643 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 11, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CRIME

BYLINE: By Newgate Callendar

SECTION: Section 7; Page 21, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 801 words


Martha Hennissart and Mary J. Latis, under the pen name of Emma Lathen, have
been very busy since 1961 with their Wall Street mysteries featuring Putnam
Thatcher. Under the name of R. B. Dominic, they also have been writing a series
about Representative Ben Safford, Democrat of Ohio, the first of which appeared
in 1968. It may be that the Lathen books are more popular than Dominic's, and
certainly there are many more of them. But Ben Safford has many admirers. They
feel that he is a more likable figure than the stuffier and rather mysterious
Thatcher, who seems to have no life of his own outside his bank.

The first Safford adventure in four years is now available -

UNEXPECTED DEVELOPMENTS (St. Martin's, $11.95). Safford is still in office, of
course, but the Administration is new. A very conservative President has been
elected. Safford receives a call from home. One his constituents is in trouble,
and what can the Congressman do about it? A board of inquiry has found an Air
Force officer from Safford's hometown guilty of pilot error after the crash of
his plane and the death of his co-pilot.

So Safford starts looking into it. He makes an appointment with each member of
the board, but the very first one on the list commits suicide just before
Safford is to talk to him. What is more, on the body is a large sum of money in
an envelope from the Saudi Arabian Embassy. The connection is immediately
apparent, as the dead co-pilot was a Saudi trainee. Safford's constituent is
cleared, but he nevertheless demands a full trial. He wants to bring certain
things out into the open.

The theme of ''Unexpected Developments'' is corruption. Whether or not the
authors want to tie the venality of big business to conservatives in power, they
surely - in their usual very polite manner - do suggest that one is not
unrelated to the other. Business comes first, even if there is a defect in a
fighter plane. We get unscrupulous corporation heads, an unethical Congressman,
a young woman who moves in mysterious ways and Pentagon officials vitally
concerned with protecting their rears. And we get a couple of murders (of
course, the suicide was a frame-up), resolved with the authors' usual dexterity.
''Unexpected Developments'' is a smooth example of plotting, dialogue and
characterization, all focused on a very important contemporary problem.



The modern espionage novel has departed completely from the good old days of
James Bond, when everything was clear-cut and you knew who the bad guys were. In


COLD WAR by David Brierley (Summit, $9.95), everything is opaque. We never even
get the first name of the heroine, who seems to go through life known only as
Cody. She is a British-born spy trained in the United States by the C.I.A., now
retired in Paris. But events will not allow her to remain retired, and she is
drawn into a case not knowing what the rules are or who is after her.

A missing scientific genius plays a part, and so does a cop from the S,urete.
There is a harrowing episode involving psychological torture. And the writing
style is teasing in a ''Perils of Pauline'' manner. At the end of many chapters,
Cody is in dreadful trouble. At the beginning of the following chapters, she is
out of it, and only later do we find out what happened. Mr. Brierley has tried
for a bleak, clinical atmosphere, and there is some hand-me-down existential
Weltschmerz: ''We're all alone, from the moment the umbilical cord is severed.
We live alone, think alone, dream alone, suffer alone, die alone. In our passion
we tear at each other, desperate to get inside the other, trying to be one body.
We fall back, exhausted, and the sadness we feel is because we have failed, we
are still alone.'' This kind of stuff is going to give solipsism a bad name.





A DEATH AT ST. ANSELM'S by Isabelle Holland (Doubleday, $13.95) is a murder
mystery and a good one. The female pastor of a big Park Avenue church who is
also a psychologist becomes a suspect in two killings done in the church. There
is a bit about church politics - the usual conflict of conservative and liberal
thought. The rector is a liberal who spouts platitudes of the rebellious 1960's.
But for the most part Miss Holland avoids the kind of doctrine that, say, Ralph
McInerny brings to his Father Dowling mysteries. She is more interested in her
central character - a woman who is not only a pastor but a widow with two
children and a sizable set of domestic problems, including her daughter's
anorexia. At the same time, Miss Holland never neglects the mystery involved and
works thing out with the traditional face-to-face meeting of killer and heroine.
The writing is sensitive without being sentimental, even if the problems get
cleared up too easily toward the end.B


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              644 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             January 7, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Experience 'Episodes' of laughter;
LeBlanc proves he's a lot smarter and a lot funnier than NBC's 'Joey'

BYLINE: Robert Bianco

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 371 words


On TV, he who laughs last can be the one who makes you laugh best.

Certainly, Matt LeBlanc had to bear  the brunt of many jokes after Joey, even
though he was more sinned against than sinning in that NBC-engineered flop.

Now he gets his turn  in Episodes, a riotously, often scathingly funny showbiz
satire that proves LeBlanc is smart enough to know self-mockery can be a potent
weapon, and talented enough to wield it properly.

Written by Friends co-creator David Crane and partner from The Class Jeffrey
Klarik, Episodes follows British husband-and-wife writing team Sean and Beverly
Lincoln (Stephen Mangan and Tamsin Greig) as they attempt to Americanize their
British sitcom hit about the erudite headmaster of an elite boarding school.

Or at least that's what the show's about until a crass, sex-crazed American
network chief (John Pankow) gives the starring role to LeBlanc, who promptly
turns the headmaster into a hockey coach.

Beverly is appalled, as she is by most everything she encounters in Los Angeles
-- but the softer Sean is taken in by LeBlanc's and Hollywood's charms. The more
the couple clash, the easier it is for LeBlanc to manipulate them, and the
funnier Episodes becomes.

The show's setup might lead you to believe that the comedy is all based on
clever Brits vs. venal Americans, but as Beverly learns, LeBlanc is more clever
than he looks and venality is more widespread than she thinks. The real cultural
battle is built around humor, from the bone-dry wit of the Brits to LeBlanc's
broader comedy to the bitter barbs aimed at Pankow's taste-free network boss and
his struggling, self-absorbed second in command (a nicely nuanced turn from
Kathleen Rose Perkins).

Greig and Mangan are delightful imports, but the big laughs and the lion's share
of the credit go to LeBlanc.

Agreeing to play a mangled version of himself was not as brave a choice as you
might think: While the LeBlanc shown here is hideously star-spoiled, he's also
funny, likable, well-endowed (an amusing running gag) and, more often than not,
right. But it was a very smart one.

Much like his show, which is easily the best new sitcom of the season.

Take that, Joey, and rest in peace.

Episodes

Showtime, Sunday, 9:30 ET/PT

**** out of four

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Colin Hutton, Showtime

DOCUMENT-TYPE: TV PREVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            November 14, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

FOOTBALL AT WAR;
MIRROR SPORT COMMENT ON FIFA SCANDAL Sickening stench of corruption is stronger
than ever, the game must be saved.. it's time for revolution FOOTBALL IS AT WAR

BYLINE: MARTIN LIPTON

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 72,71

LENGTH: 207 words


FIFA'S reputation lies in the gutter and football needs somebody to rescue it.

Even American lawyer Michael Garcia refused to accept FIFA's official version of
his 430-page report that they commissioned into the corruption claims over the
2018 and 2022 World Cup bids. Now the need for change is greater than ever.

Sepp Blatter stands on the brink of being re-elected for a fifth term as the
head of world football, the overlord of a regime that stands for endemic
corruption. The integrity of football is at stake as never before.

Garcia's denunciation of the "summary" by FIFA's Ethics Commission head, Judge
Hans-Joachim Eckert must become a clarion call for action.

Blatter's reign has seen Jack Warner, Mohammed bin Hammam, Chuck Blazer and
Julio Grondona act like Mafia godfathers. FIFA was a playground for their
venality to be perpetuated, all under Blatter's watch.

If that meant inflicting World Cups in Russia and Qatar, rather than in England
and the USA, so be it. The well-being of football itself was mere collateral
damage.

So far, no national association has backed any challenger to Blatter.

But if Blatter is allowed to walk back in, everybody involved should hang their
heads in shame. The game means too much to too many people.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHAKEN TO THE CORE Blatter rubs shoulders with dignitaries at the Gulf
Cup in Saudi Arabia yesterday as FIFA was being engulfed in controversy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 17, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Another Teapot Dome Brewing

BYLINE: HAYNES JOHNSON

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A2; HAYNES JOHNSON

LENGTH: 770 words


On the day that Howard H. Baker Jr. announced he is leaving the service of the
president and the country, it was publicly disclosed that the Federal Bureau of
Investigation had searched the offices of top Pentagon officials and offices and
homes of government employees, defense contractors and consultants in 12 states
as part of a growing procurement-scandal investigation.

These two events, occurring together coincidently and otherwise unrelated,
symbolize the best and worst sides of government.

In the case of Baker, the country has an example of what The New York Times
correctly describes as a "model of selflessness." Baker has exemplified public
service as it is supposed to be: honorable, selfless, dedicated to making
government perform as well for the least powerful as for the most influential
citizen.

In the Pentagon case, the country has dismaying evidence of something rotten at
the core of government. The reports of "rampant bribery" and payoffs already
emerging from the secret two-year Pentagon/defense contractor investigation show
the extent to which the most powerful groups have been able to profit immensely
at the expense of the public.

This is not just sleaze, as in the case of some administration figures who have
been caught either taking a little on the side or openly using their government
contacts to cash in personally. This is not just ideology gone wild, as in the
Iran-contra affair where zealots bent the law and the Constitution for what they
claimed to be a noble purpose. This is corruption -- old-fashioned, authentic
venality -- and massively so.

I have the sense that this latest scandal will become the Teapot Dome of the
Reagan years. It is certain to reverberate throughout the coming presidential
campaign debates and to have strong impact on public opinion.

Reasons why are obvious. An administration that talks tough about governmental
"waste, fraud and abuse" has been shown to have permitted an already scandalous
situation to become far more serious. This, too, is familiar.

This administration's actions, whether in combating "waste, fraud and abuse" or
waging a "war" on drugs, seldom live up to its rhetoric. The real story in this
latest chapter out of the Pentagon is that it tells us nothing we essentially
didn't already know. The story is that nothing appears to have been done about
it.

Exactly two years ago this month, for instance, President Reagan was handed a
report by a blue-ribbon commission he had appointed. The subject was managing
the Defense Department, and the report was prompted by disclosures about insider
wheeling and dealing and "revolving door" profiteering at the Pentagon. Entitled
"Conduct and Accountability," Reagan's blue-ribbon commission told him:

"Widely publicized investigations and prosecutions of large defense contractors
have fostered an impression of widespread lawlessness, fueling popular mistrust
of the integrity of the defense industry . . . . Our study of defense management
compels us to conclude that nothing merits greater concern than the increasingly
troubled relationship between the defense industry and government . . . . We
have, therefore, given highest priority to development of recommendations which,
if implemented, will result in a more satisfactory working relationship between
government and that industry."

The panel also warned the president that its study of American opinion on the
functioning of the Pentagon "represents a striking vote of no confidence in
defense contractors generally."

Since then, revelations about Pentagon/defense contractor problems have
continued to stir concern. Last year, for instance, Gary Edwards of the Ethics
Resource Center, a respected watchdog group monitoring the nation's ethical
standards of conduct, warned that Pentagon contracting almost inevitably would
become "much worse" because of "short-term profit pressure."

He put his finger on a larger problem when he observed: "Ethics in government is
totally misunderstood. What is needed is not tighter rules, but a strong sense
of shame."

As the president's commission put it two years ago:

"It stands repeating from our interim report that: Management and employees of
companies that contract with the Defense Department assume unique and compelling
obligations to the people of our armed forces, the American taxpayer and our
nation. They must apply [and be perceived as applying] the highest standards of
business ethics and conduct . . . . "

That is what has been missing in Washington. It is not a sense of shame, but
shamelessness, that characterizes the capital today.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              647 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW GRADUATES GET A 'MEDAL' FOR MADISON-MADE SCREWBALL COMEDY;
MOVIES

BYLINE:  by ROB THOMAS

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 635 words


"Medal of Victory" is a heartwarming celebration of Midwestern hometown values
and the American can-do spirit.

At least the making of the movie was.

The movie itself, which premiered as part of the Wisconsin Film Festival Tuesday
and gets a one-week run at Marcus Point Cinemas beginning on Friday, is a deeply
cynical, pretty violent, very funny film in the vein of the Coen Brothers.

But to make the film in Madison in 2013, the filmmakers, all University of
Wisconsin- Madison graduates, relied on the generosity and enthusiasm of locals
to stretch their small indie budget as far as it could go.

"I always had a sense that you could shoot this in Madison," writer-director
Joshua Moise said in a phone interview. "The city and the people were very
amenable and very friendly and welcoming to people shooting a film there. I live
in New York City but I've never made a movie here. Something tells me it would
be a little more complicated."

Moise and the film's producers, Jason Schumacher, Will Blomker and Mason Hill,
are all UW-Madison grads. Reconnecting in New York, they came back to Madison a
couple of times to make short films, and then decided to make their first
feature on familiar turf.

"We'd always been building toward making a feature," Moise said. "Shorts are by
definition stepping stones to something bigger. We felt confident that this was
a great place to make a feature, and let's just do it."

The film stars Blomker as a ne'er-do-well soldier who deserts his post and tries
to sneak undetected back into his hometown. When he's mistaken for a war hero,
everybody wants to shake his hand, and the rival candidates for town mayor
compete to get his endorsement. Things get way out of hand in a hurry.

Moise said he wanted to make a film that satirized the viciousness and venality
of elections without actually dealing with specific politics.

"Nobody talks about any of the problems that are going on ? they just go to war
and have these petty arguments," Moise said. "I wanted to make a nonpartisan
movie about politics. You could probably figure out what (the candidates')
political bents are, but I didn't want it to be spoken about or a big part of
the film."

Instead, based on the trailer, the film is full of punches thrown, crotches
grabbed, and raw meat hurled. In a scene filmed at the UW-Madison Memorial Union
in 2013, a gun accidentally goes off, leading to a bloody mess in an office. The
tone reads like classic Preston Sturges screwball comedy mixed with the Coen
Brothers' black comedy, both big influences on Moise.

With so many fight scenes, action scenes ? even an aerial shot ? it was an
ambitious shoot for first-time independent filmmakers on a budget. Moise said
that to make the movie they wanted, the cast and crew relied on the kindness of
Madison residents to donate time, locations and resources. Locals will recognize
scenes shot at the Union, the Wisconsin Historical Society and Monty's Blue
Plate Diner. In a bit of kismet, there's even a shot of the Barrymore, the place
where the movie will have its world premiere.

"We knew that it was going to be very tight in terms of time and money and
resources. What I relied upon was on people's openness and willingness to be a
part of the process and be enthusiastic about it," he said.

Moise, who is a film editor in his day job, spent a lot of time in the editing
room making sure the movie worked together, that the comedic timing of scenes
was as tight as he could make it. The filmmakers hosted several public test
screenings to see where the film was working and where it needed work.

Now the film is ready to go, and Moise is excited to bring it back to Madison.
After it plays at Marcus Point, the filmmakers are looking to secure some kind
of distribution deal to get "Medal of Victory" before audiences nationwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO BY SETH LIND Actors David Ryan Smith, Richard Riehle, Jack
O'Connell and Audrey Francis (left to right) are coached by "Medal of Victory"
director Joshua Moise in a scene shot at the UW Memorial Union in 2013.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 22, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BOOKEND;
Cast Your Magazine Upon the Waters

BYLINE: By Daniel Pinchbeck;  Daniel Pinchbeck's writing has appeared in The New
York Times Magazine, Esquire and The Village Voice, among other publications.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 35; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 1505 words


Recently we took our literary magazine, Open City, to the streets. Setting up a
table at the corner of Prince and Wooster Streets, next to the Korean sunglasses
salesman, the illicit tarot card reader and the elderly black woman selling her
handmade handbags in pastel shades, we flogged our journal -- judged
"ambitiously highbrow" by The New York Times and one of "the 10 best magazines
of the year" by Library Journal -- to anyone we could get to stop and pay
attention to us. To the SoHo procession of tourist families, art gallery
interns, fashion stylists, photographers and local laborers, we must have
presented an anomalous and perhaps desperate sight. But that didn't prevent the
vast majority from ignoring us.

My co-editor, Thomas Beller, a fiction writer, and I were casting out lines,
fishing to expand our audience base. We began Open City seven or so years ago,
in a burst of youthful enthusiasm. At the time, we worked for new, brassy,
celebrity-oriented magazines seeking a mainstream market. (Both eventually went
belly up.) The concept of starting an uncommercial journal of literature and the
arts somehow blossomed from our day-to-day exposure to end-of-the-1980's
venality and glitz. We were presumptuous and idealistic enough to think that we
could find work to publish that was not just polished or professional but
important and groundbreaking. To finance the first issue, Tom and I each put up
a precious $1,000. Slowly and haltingly, the journal picked up its own momentum.
Grants and art gallery advertising paid for the next issues, and new editors got
involved, including Elizabeth Schmidt, a former assistant editor at The New
Yorker, and Adrian Dannatt, a British critic. Eventually, we found a publisher
to cover our printing costs -- Robert Bingham, author of a recent short-story
collection, "Pure Slaughter Value" -- and through him, some downtown office
space.

Tom and I both grew up on the Upper West Side -- the antediluvian literary Upper
West Side of independent bookstores like the New Yorker, Endicott and
Shakespeare & Company. The bookshelves of my mother's apartment contained
stashes of publications from the 1950's and 60's, such as Evergreen Review, The
New American Review, Big Table, the mimeographed-and-stapled-together Floating
Bear, edited by the poet LeRoi Jones, and others far more obscure. I knew about
the importance of cultural journals for sustaining the Beat Generation, the
French Oulipo movement, the Surrealists and the circle surrounding Ezra Pound
and Wyndham Lewis's Blast. I believed in the historical necessity of new
literary magazines -- unaffiliated with academia or the mainstream publishing
world -- to foster a scene, to help define and nurture a creative community,
like the Vorticists, the Beats or Bloomsbury.

But life in 1990's New York allows little time, or space, for creative nurturing
and self-definition. The conditions that helped a bohemian counterculture to
flourish at midcentury have evaporated, a casualty of skyrocketing rents, an
oppressive ambience of capitalist anxiety and the pressures of the media hype
that descends like a vampire's kiss of death on any new cultural phenomenon.

We had our first inkling of this a few years into our venture, when we found
that the parties we gave for the journal were greeted with far more excitement
and analyzed much more carefully than the contents of the journal itself.
Wanting to reconnect the art world with the literary world, we served cocktails
and organized readings in galleries, downtown clubs and art spaces, and it was
these events that led to Open City's being written up in various glossy
magazines, such as Harper's Bazaar, Vogue and Manhattan File, along with a few
other new journals. Although gratifying in a way, the articles had an oddly
devitalizing effect on us as editors; they seemed to trivialize the enterprise.
The vaguely patronizing tone of the trend stories insinuated that we were
somehow doing the journal as a marketing strategy or "Gen X" ploy, and added our
venture to the culture's endless roster of cheap, stimulating, instantly
forgettable brain candy.

Our low-level notoriety led to an incredible deluge in submissions, much more
than our small, unpaid staff was equipped to handle, and almost all of it
depressingly unsuitable. It was clear that most of our would-be contributors
never bought or read the journal -- if they did, our financial outlook would be
far brighter. We chose the title Open City for its connotation of, well,
"openness." We wanted the magazine to let in a range of styles and voices, both
raw and cooked -- ranging from highly slick and intellectual to twisted and
experimental. In a celebratory way, we wanted to publish our friends, and make
friends with new writers we published -- a roster, too long to list here, that
has included young novelists like Martha McPhee, avant-garde playwrights such as
Reza Abdoh, and the Dutch post-modernist Hilarius Hofstede. But we hadn't
realized that most of a journal editor's energy goes into the tedious process of
rejecting manuscripts. Our journal quickly became a more closed city than we had
intended.

It is an irony of our time that while more people seem to be writing than ever
before, the literary culture has gone into steep decline. These days, magazines
and newspapers keep announcing the demise of the old-fashioned, outmoded world
of letters in which we staked our journal. A few years ago -- after reading the
hundredth elegy for the death of the humanist literary tradition, the thousandth
report on the fall of the independent bookstore and the rise of the faceless
chain, the millionth commentary on the new, emergent culture defined entirely by
marketing and public relations -- we began to get testy. Anger motivated us
through a few more issues of Open City -- one of them featuring cover
photographs of perverse Englishmen who get their kicks by imitating horses, or
pretending to be infants. Responding to the suffocating cultural climate, we
published neurotic stories with themes of sexual and professional degradation.
We printed long, manifestolike poems, filled with cadenced rage. These poems
struggled with many of the same issues that obsessed us -- as in these lines
from George Bradley's "Frug Macabre":


we poets have a license

to speak our minds, because

we poets barely exist.

Working a medium au courant

as smoke signals, resigned

to book deals as lucrative

as lemonade stands, stuck

teaching creating writing

(all the perks of babysitting

and none of the fan harassment),

ignored, isolated, irritable,

of course a poet will ruin

the party.


Along with stories and poems by unknown writers, we unearthed what we felt were
lost masterpieces -- an essay by the poet and novelist Denis Johnson about
traveling through Somalia in the midst of a civil war; works by Mary Gaitskill,
Hubert Selby and Terry Southern; the mad literary critic Alfred Chester's
letters to Paul Bowles from the 1960's; a handwritten story buried in a notebook
by the melancholic English book reviewer and memoirist Cyril Connolly. That
story, incidentally, fictionalized Connolly's life as the editor of the literary
journal Horizon. "Helping young writers?" the protagonist muses at one point.
"But to what did he help them? To jog on for a year or two in the vain hope that
they were going to make an income by their writing while the opportunity for
earning any other kind of living was inexorably withdrawn from them."

I sometimes ask myself whether the process of putting out Open City isn't akin
to one of those tribal ceremonies, described by anthropologists, in which all of
the excess goods of a tribe -- in our case, the editors' time, the advertisers'
money, the artists' work -- are combined and destroyed in one huge bonfire and
bacchanalia. Our situation was satirized with vengeance by Martin Amis in "The
Information." The novel's protagonist, Richard Tuttle, edits an Open City-like
venture called The Little Magazine. "The Little Magazine really did stand for
something," Amis writes. "It really did stand for something, in this briskly
materialistic age. It stood for not paying people."

I have resolved my ambivalence by factoring in the enjoyment that comes from
creating the thing itself, in collaboration with my friends and fellow editors.
As a policy, the editors of Open City have decided to respond to the stated
decline of the literary culture with intractable stubbornness: we will continue
to publish long, convoluted poems, correspondences from literary critics of the
past, avant-garde missives and various rants. We may not be as enthusiastic or
as young as we once were, but if anything our ambition has grown sharper because
of that. We are currently planning to publish our first Open City book -- a
debut collection of poems by David Berman -- along with another issue of the
journal. And one day soon, we will again set up on a SoHo street corner --
building our readership one reader at a time.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              649 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 17, 2011 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Martin Luther King Jr.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 611 words


LAST FALL, The Post reported that an American history textbook used in Virginia
schools contained the untrue statement that thousands of black soldiers had
fought for the Confederacy during the Civil War. A panel of historians then
reviewed the book and found in it dozens of errors on a variety of subjects. It
was a disturbing development that caused quite an uproar, but it was also
something that could be easily enough dealt with.

Not so with a far more disturbing and tragic distortion that characterized the
teaching of American history for a century or more in much of the nation. It
involved the malign portrayal of African Americans, newly freed from slavery and
setting out for the first time to exercise their rights as citizens of a country
where many of them had lived for generations. This was a short-lived period of
freedom and political power, soon ended by Southern whites, with Northern
whites' acquiescence, through violence, intimidation and economic coercion. And
when it was over, the depiction of that period in history came to be one of
widespread venality, incompetence and worse on the part of black legislators,
governors and local officials. This version of Reconstruction became standard
fare in history texts and was popularized in widely seen films such as "Birth of
a Nation" and (less viciously) "Gone With the Wind."

"The portrait of the era that so long held sway originated in the contemporary
propaganda of southern Democrats opposed to black suffrage and officeholding
after the Civil War," writes the historian Eric Foner. "It gained national
legitimacy when it became part of the overall process of reconciliation between
North and South. . . . [T]he Civil War came to be remembered as a tragic family
quarrel among white Americans in which blacks had played no significant part,
and Reconstruction as a regrettable time of 'Negro rule.' "

The history of black Americans since Emancipation is being revisited by a
generation of historians who have found in it a touching and tragic story of
aspirations and efforts for education, justice and equality, most of them
crushed by overwhelming force and political power. But the most important figure
in this reconsideration was not a historian; it was a preacher, the Rev. Dr.
Martin Luther King Jr.

Dr. King, celebrated on this day two days after his birthday, came to prominence
in the mid-20th century as the foremost figure in what became a new
Reconstruction. Part of it was a national drama that included working people
boycotting the buses in Montgomery, Ala., because a dignified and determined
woman named Rosa Parks had been arrested for refusing to give up her seat to a
white passenger. Then there were the efforts, in different places and by
different people, to take a seat at a lunch counter, ride an interstate bus,
stay in a motel, register to vote. By the time of Dr. King's death, little more
than a dozen years after the bus boycott, the federal government had legislated
open accommodations and protection for the voting rights of all Americans.
Racial prejudice, openly expressed, was gradually becoming unacceptable in this
country.

As Martin Luther King and many others well knew, history in the hands of one's
enemies can cripple and destroy. It can be a huge impediment to progress. In
leading a movement that itself made history, that presented the country with a
modern-day morality tale it could not ignore, Dr. King helped topple that
barrier, to shed light on a dark past and to bring new hope for the future. The
preacher had powerful uses for a biblical maxim he had no doubt uttered from the
pulpit many times - that the truth shall make you free.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Everybody's Column

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1078 words


Cartoon was insulting to Buffalo police officers

Upon reading the editorial page of the Jan. 18 Buffalo News, I was shocked and
dismayed by the editorial cartoon, which purports to pertain to the Bike Path
Rapist investigation.

First and foremost, on its face, the cartoon is offensive to the dedicated and
hard-working members of the Buffalo Police Department, all law enforcement
officials who have worked tirelessly on this case, the rape victim portrayed in
the cartoon and all survivors of sexual predators. The cartoon is demeaning to
all victims in this case and their families. Moreover, it misrepresents the
investigation. The News has wrongfully prejudiced the reputation of the Buffalo
Police Department.

H. McCarthy Gipson

Buffalo Police Commissioner

***

President's actions are breeding more terrorists

Here we go again. Bold pictures of U.S. planes taking off from a carrier to
attack "terrorist" targets in Somalia cheered on by President Bush, British
Prime Minister Tony Blair and The News. Precision strikes based on excellent
intelligence.

Then the dust clears. The U.S. intelligence services, which haven't got it right
since before 9/11, do it again. The U.S. Embassy admits that we apparently
didn't kill any terrorist leaders. Instead, people on the ground estimate the
civilian dead in the dozens; men, women and children fleeing a civil war. Once
again, images of U.S.-sponsored slaughter are spread throughout the world. More
young people are recruited to avenge dead relatives or fight American power.

We lumber on with a president who cannot change a disastrous course, military
brass who have been purged of all independent thinkers and a general leadership
that is driven by vanity or venality. I weep and pray for my country.

Stephen Dyson

Williamsville

***

Wheatfield residents have nothing to fear

We live in a NIMBY culture. When it comes to good deeds, if any project
decreases the value of our assets, we say, "not in my back yard." I guess the
concept of charity for all occurs only on Dec. 25.

I live in the Town of Wheatfield and I also lived in Buffalo on Woodlawn Avenue
when block-busters used racism to break the neighborhood down so they could make
a profit. The white homeowners fell for their schemes. The black homeowners I
knew, when I lived with my folks, were good stewards of their property. They
praised my dad for not leaving when others panicked.

Values did not come down because of responsible blacks moving into the
neighborhood. Values came down because whites sold en masse just like the real
estate dealers knew they would. I hope the property owners in Wheatfield are
clearheaded enough to take this economic concept to heart.

Richard Czarnecki

Sanborn

***

Most qualified person should fill critical post

The News editorial about Gov. Eliot Spitzer's decision to locate the Empire
State Development Corp. co-chair in Buffalo is correct in noting that this
person must be "someone who gets things done," but wrong in insisting that he
must be from this area. What is essential is that this person is the most
qualified, and that he or she surround himself with a team of experts who
understand the economic plight of upstate New York.

Naturally, this person will be in regular contact with the governor, and should
have the authority to speak for the governor. I applauded Spitzer's decision to
establish an upstate headquarters with a co-chair with equal authority as his
downstate counterpart as one of the most significant pledges any governor could
make to this region.

The fact that he is taking his time to select this person is a sign that he is
truly attempting to find the best person in the country to fill this critical
post. Once this person is hired, the real test will be whether he will be given
the necessary authority and tools to truly make a difference. I am confident
that he will be.

Sam Hoyt

Assemblyman, Buffalo

***

Fahey would be ideal to lead development

The News editorial urging the governor to "find a top-notch director" of the
Empire State Development Corp. could not have been better written for a man
whose name immediately came to mind.

Eugene Fahey feels "upstate's pain . . . envisions projects . . . [can] get them
done." In brief, he "has deep upstate empathy as well as skill." He was the best
councilman of those with whom he served, probably the best who ever served. He
has been a trial lawyer, an outstanding trial judge in both the city and Supreme
Court and now sits on an appellate court.

Gov. Eliot Spitzer should try, at least, to persuade Fahey to leave a position
he undoubtedly loves and respects to meet the challenge a new director will
face. Fahey knows government and law. He lives and breathes "understanding,
local commitment and leadership skills necessary to build a robust recovery."

Thomas Santa Lucia

Amherst

***

It's so easy for Ivins to second-guess Bush

I wish Molly Ivins would run for president of the United States so that when
elected, she can appoint Barbra Streisand, Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell
to her cabinet. I am sure that the four of them, with their many years as Monday
morning quarterbacks, should be able to solve the Iraq War problem in their
first staff meeting.

Then she can come to Buffalo and use her second meeting to solve the Erie County
budget crisis. The easiest task in the world is solving major problems from
behind a writer's desk.

Daniel S. Kopec

Orchard Park

***

Terrorism Insurance Act can't be allowed to expire

The Jan. 9 News story, "Group says insurers are 'gouging' customers," mentioned
how one group in Washington thinks that insurance industry profits should result
in Congress abolishing one of the most critical government programs that secures
our nation's economy from terrorist threats.

Their flawed logic could result in disastrous implications for businesses that
depend on the availability of affordable terrorism insurance. Nearly all
economic experts concur that absent a federal government backstop, there would
be little to no terrorism insurance in the market.

If that were to occur, the economy would atrophy as construction of buildings
halts, jobs are put on hold and businesses relocate. Studies have estimated that
allowing the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act to expire would lower GDP by more than
$50 billion and mean more than 300,000 fewer jobs. Not to mention the harrowing
impact another catastrophic terrorist attack would wreak on an economy lacking
insurance coverage.

Janice M. Abraham

President and CEO, United Educators

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 17, 1990, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

PERU SEES A FUTURE MADE IN JAPAN ... VOTERS HOPE SON OF JAPANESE IMMIGRANTS; CAN
BRING PROSPERITY

BYLINE: David C. Knowlton

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1267 words


The surprising results of Peru's recent presidential election mark an important
change in the Pacific Rim. Alberto Fujimori, the relatively unknown son of
Japanese immigrants to Peru, astonished commentators and Peruvian politicians
alike by his amazingly strong showing in a race thought to be dominated by
Peru's internationally known novelist, Mario Vargas Llosa.  Although Vargas
Llosa captured the largest percentage of the vote, Fujimori is now considered
likely to win the runoff election for Peru's presidency. His showing illustrates
the symbolic and substantive importance of Japan in what the United States
considers its back yard.  Vargas Llosa was widely touted in the international
press as the probable victor. His program of reducing government and freeing the
small-business sector struck harmonic chords in a West obsessed with the
transformation of the state economies of Eastern Europe.  He seemed almost a
figure from his own novels, the reflective writer who returns from exile in
Europe (and St. Louis) to attempt the salvation of his country mired in corrupt
and repressive government, economic depression and guerrilla violence.  Many
Peruvians and foreigners alike hoped he could free the entrepreneurial skills
manifest in Peru's vital informal sector and that, with his international
connections, he could convince the United States and Europe to provide the
financial assistance Peru would need for recovery.  There was, however, a
critical weakness in Vargas Llosa's appeal. He rose to political prominence at
the head of a middle- and upper-middle-class movement challenging the
government's nationalization of private banks, but he did not move beyond that
base and capture the imagination of Peru's impoverished majority. He further
sought the support of Peru's established center-right parties and retained an
American political consulting company.  As a result, his message remained aloof,
elitist and tarnished by its association with Peruvian politicians and Western
foreign interests.  Fujimori, with his simple imagery, was able to speak to the
common Peruvian. He stressed his origins as a social and political outsider and
eschewed alliances with established political parties. He further attempted to
co-opt the prestige of Japan for himself by appearing as a Samurai defender of
Peru.  Consequently, he captured Peru's disillusion with its politicians and
their rhetoric, its mistrust of the upper classes, its anger at the United
States and Europe, its concern about a disastrous economy and its fear of the
Shining Path guerrillas.  For these people, the postwar economic miracle of
Japan speaks loudly. They see a once-defeated nation that rose from the cinders
of Hiroshima to become an economic power able to challenge the United States.
For them, the Samurai warrior as an image of manliness and courage expresses
their hope to defeat the problems of unemployment, inflation, hunger,
governmental venality and brutality, as well as civil war. They blame many of
their problems on a self-serving political and business elite and
''exploitation'' by European and American interests, the bases of Vargas Llosa's
campaign.  By voting for Fujimori, common Peruvians indicated a desire for
increased Japanese influence in their nation to counteract the problems that
assail them.  Latin America has a relatively large population of Japanese
immigrants and their descendants. They are known for their hard work and social
mobility. And with the changing fortunes of our times, they are increasingly
seen as a bridge to the new golden land of promise.  In Peru, every nisei, the
child of Japanese immigrants, hopes to obtain temporary work in Japan. They plan
to return to Peru with their savings to buy homes and establish businesses.
Japanese firms, faced by a labor shortage, contract with Japanese Peruvian
travel agencies to obtain laborers and send them to Japan. Although much of this
migrant labor is illegal under Japanese law, significant numbers of Latin
American youths are currently working there.  Ambitious youths used to dream of
migrating legally or illegally to the United States for work. They would query
every itinerant North American about life in the United States - ''Is it true
that every house has a swimming pool?'' - and about how they might get there.
Now they increasingly discuss the marvels of Japan and how they wish to go there
to work.  Japan exercises increasing influence in Latin America because of its
economic strength and its new importance as a source of loans and aid.
Undoubtedly its role in hemispheric affairs will grow, mediated by a population
conversant with Japanese language and culture but solidly rooted in Latin
America.  Fujimori is such a person. He is solidly Peruvian in speech,
personality and expression. But his stunning performance suggests a new symbolic
order for Latin America where the Japanese dream successfully challenges a
tawdry and compromised American dream.  David C. Knowlton is assistant professor
of anthropology at Washington University.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              652 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                              CourierMail Edition

Let machines dictate

BYLINE: DENNIS ATKINS

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 593  words


AS JOURNALISTS know only too well, it's getting harder to see print editions of
anything sell out, but that's what the July Atlantic magazine did - for the
first time since it was founded in Boston 159 years ago.

The story that had this long-form journalism magazine flying off the newsstands
across the United States and attracting attention around the world had the
provocative title How American Politics Went Insane.

Written by author and academic Jonathan Rauch, it contained a thesis that
matched that eye-catching heading.

Rauch argues that US politics has gone insane - and delivered the world Donald
Trump, sitting just 270 electoral college votes after the November presidential
election from being the most powerful man in the world - because we've lost
touch with the old-style machine politics. Like the current push for a return to
"Australian style" paper ballot voting in the US, Rauch has kicked off quite a
debate.

He was joined this past week by author Kevin Baker who wrote a major piece for
The New Republic, a progressive politics and culture magazine, on why the
Democratic Party should resurrect its old smoke-filled backroom machine which
was very effective - often brutally so. "If the machine was our party system at
its most corrupt, it was also at its most efficacious," Baker writes.

"The trick is to take the best of what the machines gave us - the populism, the
participation, the inclusion - while avoiding the old venality, racism,
authoritarianism, and exploitation.

"This was never any mean feat, and the task has been too long delayed." Rauch,
meanwhile, details how both major parties in the US are losing touch with their
own institutional past with three of the four major contenders not actually
being of the party they were running for - Trump, Ted Cruz and Bernie Sanders
were in their own way neither true Republicans nor Democrats.

"In their various ways, Trump, Cruz, and Sanders are demonstrating a new
principle: The political parties no longer have either intelligible boundaries
or enforceable norms, and, as a result, renegade political behaviour pays,"
Rauch says.

While these two articles look at the US experience, what's happening on the
other side of the Atlantic Ocean shows Britain is also prone to this
hyper-democracy and the introduction of one form or another of entryism.

The British Labour Party, which prospered electorally from the reforms of Tony
Blair and Gordon Brown in the 1990s, has fallen back to being a willing host to
a Trotskyite parasite.

The 100,000 or more "new members" allowed in after a court challenge by the
remaining Blairites in current leader Jeremy Corbyn's far Left party will almost
certainly render the party of Keir Hardie, Ramsay MacDonald, Clement Attlee,
Harold Wilson and Blair as institutionally unelectable.

As Rauch and Baker argue in their articles, the way to stop outside takeovers is
to have machine men and women, without the old, corrupt baggage that was seen in
Tammany Hall in New York and the First Ward of Chicago.

"The middlemen could be undemocratic, highhanded, devious, secretive," Rauch
says. "But they had one great virtue: They brought order from chaos. They
encouraged co-ordination, interdependency, and mutual accountability.

"They discouraged solipsistic and anti-social political behaviour." This is a
debate worth having.

Dennis Atkins is The Courier-Mail's national affairs
editordennis.atkins@news.com.au

Don't miss Dennis Atkins and Malcolm Farr's election podcast, Two Grumpy Hacks,
available for free on iTunes or Soundcloud.

dennis.atkins@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE 51ST STATE

BYLINE: By Jonathan Freedman

SECTION: Section 4; Page 21, Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 662 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Go West, young slum dwellers! Laid-off steel worker, trade your unemployment
check for an Amtrak ticket! Decaying Eastern cities, give way to the frontier of
the Sun Belt!

This advice, or something like it, is the conclusion of the President's
Commission for a National Agenda for the 80's.  Headed by William J. McGill, the
former president of Columbia University - a university in a city that,
ironically, would suffer from such migration - the committee studied America of
1981, at Jimmy Carter's behest, and came up with Horace Greeley's advice of the
1850's.

The McGill report laments the dying of the cities, and sings of the
opportunities of the Sun Belt. It asks the frontier - ''cutting edge of American
civilization,'' as the historian Frederick Jackson Turner once called it - to
heal a nation that is suffering tumors of urban blight, sclerotic transportation
systems, and an overworked industrial heart. The premise is that it is easier to
move people than opportunities. Energy and jobs lie waiting in the wide-open
spaces, if only slum dwellers will venture forth to win them.

Whoa! According to Turner, who studied a 19th-century census report, the
frontier closed in 1880. America, the patient laid out on its continental table,
must be smiling at Dr. McGill's diagnosis - and advice.

True, the frontier is America's oldest historical reality: It formed the
American pioneer character, American democracy, and free enterprise. But the
frontier is also America's oldest myth - the ''snake oil'' that fostered its
transitoriness, restlessness, rootlessness, its historic lack of culture and
abundance of venality. Broken families, divorce, throwaway careers, sprawling
highways skirting abandoned cities - all are byproducts of the frontiersman's
inclination to cut losses, break camp, and move on. How are we to reconcile an
agenda for the 1980's that takes us back to advice of Horace Greeley of the
1850's?

We have always moved forward by going backward in America. The new frontiers
have always been remakes of the old: Conestogas turned into Chevrolets, gas
guzzlers traded in for energy-saving compacts, big extended families for
multi-option parenthood, the prairie abandoned for the Sun Belt, John F.
Kennedy's ''New Frontier'' for Ronald Reagan's ''City on a Hill.''

The frontier is a state of mind. The 51st state that America is always moving
toward, that recedes before us even as we draw near - that state of mind and
opportunity, of lonely risk and dangerous adventure - is not in the West, or
East, or South, or North.

It is everywhere that Americans dream of bettering themselves. The urban
homesteader and the Sun Belt retiree are both involved in the same quest - to
carve out a life from the ailing body and snake-oil myth of America.

Searching for the frontier?  You might not need a ticket from Amtrak, or advice
from the McGill commission, or money from the Federal Government to get there.
The pioneers of 1981 might be the brave Americans who cross barriers of racial
hatred, blaze trails away from suburban highways, open up abandoned mills and
mines, and settle the ''wild west'' of inner cities.

Before them lie dangers that make the Sun Belt look tame, and Northeastern
resources - buildings, ports, equipment, manpower, and experience - that the Sun
Belt can't equal

When Americans look back from the year 2081, they might sing about the urban
pioneers who tamed the wilderness of American civilization, and created, in the
ailing United States, the 51st state - of opportunity.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Jonathan Freedman, a journalist, is writing a novel ''about the frontier as a
state of mind and opportunity.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: op-ed

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              654 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

San Francisco author Richard Kadrey wrestles with his own metaphysical questions
in his 'Sandman Slim' series

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 847 words


On the surface, the "Sandman Slim" series is six urban fantasy books with a
classic antihero, plenty of violence and dripping blood and an ongoing battle to
save a disintegrating planet.

But San Francisco author Richard Kadrey has more on his mind than how to get his
protagonist, John Stark, out of his latest dangerous situation (involving
angels, demons, vampires, devils and gods, not to mention the occasional cop and
natural disaster). "Part of this series," he says, "has been an exploration for
me of the metaphysics I grew up with, the things I rejected and the things I
wanted to understand."

Born in New York and raised in Texas, Kadrey attended numerous Christian
churches with his family, and as a teenager, he became wary of those trying to
convert him, because they would evade the hard questions.

In the "Sandman Slim" series -- which began with "Sandman Slim" and is now up to
book six, "The Getaway God" -- Kadrey grapples with those hard questions, though
not in a way that any preacher would be comfortable with.

Half-angel, half-man

For example, Sandman Slim himself (John Stark) is a Nephilim, or half-angel and
half-man, a breed that was designated in the Bible as an abomination. He is, at
the same time, a very modern noir hero, extremely comfortable with violence and
ready with a sarcastic, if not cruel, response to any figure of authority.

And those figures aren't what they used to be. "God literally had a nervous
breakdown," Kadrey explains. "At some point, God couldn't run things any more
and woke up one day in five pieces."

This, not surprisingly, upset the natural order. "Each of the pieces had an
aspect of God, but none of them has the power to run things," Kadrey says.

So all of a sudden, apocalyptically bad things start happening, all in Los
Angeles. And no, Kadrey isn't echoing the Bay Area's thinly disguised dislike of
Southern California. "I love L.A.," says Kadrey. "L.A. is brilliantly honest in
its venality -- I love that about it. It's a coal-mining town with a company
store, but instead of coal, the product is showbiz." Showbiz, though, is hard to
produce when millions of zombies emerge from the underground because Hell has
become dysfunctional, or a deluge is let loose that would take care of
California droughts for decades. "I always wanted to depopulate Los Angeles,"
Kadrey says. His methods and style echo J.G. Ballard, the author of "The Drowned
World'' and other avant-garde science fiction in the 1960s, '70s and '80s.

Kadrey also acknowledges the influence of early horror/fantasy writer H.P.
Lovecraft, whose pulp fiction works in the 1930s continue to inspire writers
today. "If you're going to do weird horror," says Kadrey, "you have to give a
nod to Lovecraft. Writers who deal with the old gods, they're dealing with
Lovecraft."

Those old gods come into play in "The Getaway God" as they try to fill the power
vacuum left when God just isn't up to the task any more. "God is the great
janitor of the universe," says Kadrey. "Why things don't work is that we have a
janitor in charge, and we keep looking for the landlord."

A different world

Of course, Kadrey isn't the only modern author to set his stories -- and sell a
lot of books -- in a world that's spiraling into disaster. The heroes of the
'60s space operas, who repaired the spaceship, saved the girl and killed the
villain with no more than brains, duct tape and a fountain pen, have been
replaced by protagonists like Stark, who persevere even though good deeds never
go unpunished and the light at the end of the tunnel has long since flickered
out.

"It's not necessarily a dark view to me," says Kadrey, "but it's very definitely
uncertain. God isn't benevolent or malevolent -- he just has hands full and
can't quite get the job done. I grew up with the feeling that God was looking
out for us, but that doesn't work for people any more.

"We haven't been able to think our way out of these problems, and that was the
big promise of America. Pluck, hard work and big brains, and we'd figure
everything out.

"But the cracks are showing," he says. "The feeling that we've made progress in
the world is hard to support. Look at Ferguson -- it's not just cops, you see an
occupying army with APCs (armored personnel carriers) and snipers."

Those cracks are highlighted in the "Sandman Slim" series, as Stark travels to
Hell and back (even taking over "Downtown," as he calls it, for a while), and
tries to fix things as best he can. Along the way, he's slowly evolving.

"Book six ('The Getaway God') was a turning point, deliberately so, in terms of
Stark admitting in a conscious way that he really does care, and that he's here
to make things as good as possible for people he cares about."

And yes, there's a book seven in the works, as Sandman Slim's journey will
continue. Even though Kadrey hints at a kinder, gentler John Stark, don't expect
too many floral arrangements and scenes with puppies rolling on the grass in the
park. After all, as Kadrey says, "God isn't a wimp, he's just lost" -- and in
that kind of world, it's every man (or Nephilim) for himself.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

LIFE ON THE EDGE;
A THIN BLUE LINE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL

BYLINE:  Al Alexander, For The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Features; pg. 19

LENGTH: 801 words


Many journalists credit "All the President's Men" as their gateway drug into an
overcaffeinated world of late nights, surly bosses and shameless urges to see
your byline in print. Cops, I contend, draw the same inspiration from "Dirty
Harry," a flick about a rule-breaking peace officer using any means necessary to
rid the streets of violent scum.

The visceral thrills culled from Clint Eastwood's eviscerating performance make
it easy to understand his status as a Magnum-packing muse. But, thankfully, most
police officers realize that the character is pure Hollywood, a highly
romanticized throwback to an Old West edict about justice served best at the end
of a gun. There are a few, however, who take the "dirty" a bit too literally and
evolve into frightening train wrecks like Dave Brown, the active volcano spewing
arrogance and corruption across the urban landscapes of Oren Moverman's
"Rampart." He's played by Woody Harrelson in a performance so searing you swear
you'd be burned if you dared touch the screen. Nicknamed "Date Rape" by his
fellow L.A. cops for brazenly using a sexual assault suspect for target
practice, Dave is the last of a dying breed of macho marshals who shoot first
and ask questions later. And as a member of L.A.'s infamous Rampart division, a
name that became synonymous with venality and brutality in the late 1990s, Dave
is viewed as the No. 1 public enemy by his politically conscious superiors, who
want him to either immediately clean up his act or resign.

Dave, stubborn goat that he is, refuses to do either, setting himself up for a
colossal fall after he's caught on tape in a Rodney King-type incident involving
a minority suspect. A similar fate awaits him at home, where he's become persona
non grata with his two ex-wives, sisters played by Cynthia Nixon and Anne Heche,
and his rebellious daughter, Helen (Brie Larson), who has taken to mockingly
calling her daddy Date Rape Dave. His only ally, it seems, is his younger
daughter, Margaret (Sammy Boyarsky), who still idolizes the jerk even though
he's rarely around and often drunk. She's also a bit confused, asking her father
if she is an inbred due to the fact that she and Helen are cousins as well as
half-sisters.

Yes, the family dynamics are a bit much, especially when we're asked to believe
that Dave still lives in the same house with his exes. But then that's to be
expected when Moverman's collaborator is pulp novelist James Ellroy, who infuses
"Rampart" with the same over-the-top antics he brought to "L.A. Confidential"
and "The Black Dahlia." He and Moverman, who burst upon the scene three years
ago with his hauntingly realistic "The Messenger" (for which Harrelson received
an Oscar nomination), seem an odd pairing on paper, but it's even odder up on
screen. Their opposing styles are constantly at war with each other, making it
impossible to fully invest yourself in Dave's life or predicaments. At times, it
almost seems like a joke.

It's a major flaw, but Harrelson's performance is so riveting that you're more
than willing to look past it and bask in the joy of watching an actor let it all
hang out, while refusing to pander to his audience for affection. Harrelson
practically begs us to despise Dave, and you do. But Harrelson also is smart
enough to let us see through the veneer and into the troubled soul of a man who
wants to be loved and adored, but is too stupid to realize that his actions at
work and in his personal life are having the completely opposite effect.

The only thing thinner than Dave's gaunt, almost anorexic body is the plot,
which largely exists as a means to string together Dave's troubled relationships
with his family, his bosses and mounting sexual conquests, including Robin
Wright's thrill-seeking defense attorney, who hates Dave almost as much as she
craves him.

The performances, which also include brief but memorable contributions from Ned
Beatty, Ice Cube, Sigourney Weaver, Steve Buscemi and Harrelson's "Messenger"
co-star, Ben Foster, are universally outstanding, especially the relatively
unknown Larson, whose scenes with Harrelson are as tense as they are
heartbreaking, as father and daughter flail at a connection they long to make
but are too bullheaded to achieve.

Still, "Rampart" is not for everyone. It's frantic, but deliberately paced. It
also offers little in the way of compassion for its array of flawed characters.
But if you love great acting and gritty, uncompromising bleakness, "Rampart" is
undeniably arresting material.

Movie review

RAMPART

(R for pervasive language, sexual content and some violence.) Cast includes
Woody Harrelson, Anne Heche, Cynthia Nixon, Robin Wright, Ned Beatty, Brie
Larson, Sigourney Weaver and Ice Cube. Co-written and directed by Oren Moverman.
At Kendall Square, Cambridge. 3 stars out of 4.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Woody Harrelson is Dave Brown, an L.A. police officer who battles
demons with the city limits and within himself in "Rampart.", image.net photo
Woody Harrelson in a scene from "Rampart.", image.net photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Patriot Ledger


                              656 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 18, 1999 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Tales of financial disaster were the only bright spots in a week of dross;
TV

BYLINE: DOUG ANDERSON

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 807 words


AT INDIANAPOLIS, it's, "Gentlemen! Start your engines!" In baseball, the umpire
cries, "Play ball!" and at the Olympics, a dignitary repeats words first uttered
by some ancient Roman degenerate - "Let the Games begin!" In the world of
television the traditional command is: "Let the dross commence!"

This pronouncement is uttered each December by a bigwig from one of the
networks, operating on a rotating roster. This year it was Ten's Director of
Dental Overkill, Dr Edwin Muskrat-Ramble.

His solemn intonation was echoed by his counterparts from rival channels,
gathered in the Derryn Hinch Lounge at Star City Casino, as they raised a flute
of Chateau Harry Miller Frontenac Supreme (late pickings) to signal the start of
the non-ratings

period.

This televisual equivalent of the Sargasso Sea is known throughout the industry
as The Silly Season. Christmas is a time when television is deemed to be so
awful as to be not worth watching. A time when even a pretension of quality is
abandoned.

Mind over matter. The networks don't mind and the public doesn't matter. Give
'em muck. There's an unwritten assumption that the viewing public is so stupid
it will watch whatever the channels feel like regurgitating ... and bless my
soul, it does!

Even so, the week has offered a couple of watchable programs.

Blood On The Carpet: Nightmare On Wall Street (ABC, Tuesday) provided a searing
insight into the odious world of bond trading in America.

Like Bulls And Bears, which screened in August, it showed the core venality of
the people and businesses who endlessly sell slices of the future to one
another.

The documentary, which was imaginatively constructed using heroic poses,
salubrious backdrops and clips from an ancient black and white production of The
Emperor's New Clothes, focused on Joe Jett.

Jett, the son of a steelworker, was a brilliant maths student - graduate of
Harvard and MIT - who went to work for Kidder, Peabody & Co - an offshoot of the
vast General Electric corporation. He found himself in a low-profile area of the
firm's brokerage operations, buying and selling government bonds. Not a sexy
area but a steady earner.

Looking for opportunities to innovate, Jett found inspiration in the economic
dynamics of the car stealing industry. A used auto might be worth about $6,000
as a complete unit. But stripped down into its component parts, it might be
worth three or four times as much.

Jett initiated a system of stripping government bond dividends into sections and
trading little slices of the future. He made $32 million in the first year and
his peers began to take notice. Steely discipline, a tough attitude and a robust
sense of his own talent made Jett into a formidable operator. By 1993 his trades
were worth $150 million on positions amounting to $30 billion.

Within another year Jett racked up profits for Kidder, Peabody & Co of $350
million, his cut coming to about $9 million. He received the Kiss Of Death in
1994 as the firm's Man Of The Year ... an honour with the dubious cachet of the
Tony Curtis Gold Tongue Depressor Award for hoary acting.

Then someone whispered the words "phantom trades" and Jett's house of cards
promptly fell over. The s--- hit the fan and The Empire struck back, crying "off
with his head" when massive losses replaced the auric pot at rainbow's end.

Jett, suddenly very black in a white world, was made the scapegoat. Almost
friendless and frozen out, he was hard pressed defending the tatters of his
reputation. Assorted suits from Kidder, Peabody & Co enunciate the case against
him with all the dry, lubricated emotion of disgraced Nixon aides.

Naked emperors and naked greed.

Another tale of financial disaster, in which the scapegoats are identified as
200,000 children, was The Cutting Edge: The Face Of Disaster (SBS, Tuesday).
Doctors from Swiss charity Sentinelles scour Niger - in north-west Africa -
looking for youngsters afflicted with noma, a disease which eats away the faces
of children.

It can, of course, be prevented for the price of (say) a cup of coffee but
Western medicine is a luxury beyond the means of most of Niger's rural
population.

While facial reconstructions, which would cost tens of thousands of dollars, are
performed free, children die in droves at run-down hospitals for want of the
most basic medication. Vultures sit sentinel on the hospital roof.

The World Bank's rep at a conference in Nigeria insists poverty in Niger is
caused by "structural problems", not a simple lack of money. Tremendously
comforting in view of proposed economic cuts over the next three years which
will, according to Oxfam, cost the lives of 200,000 children.

Peanuts compared with the losses sustained by Kidder, Peabody & Co in the world
of virtual bonds.

Still! They don't have the annoyance of watching Third World television over the
Christmas break.

Ruth Ritchie is ill.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUS: Knockout! Celine Dion: All The Way, Saturday, Seven, 7.30pm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1999 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 15, 2005 Saturday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Republicans are in tumult and the Democrats are in hiding

BYLINE: Diane Roberts

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 735 words


Let's review: On the Hill, Tom DeLay, erstwhile majority leader of the House,
has been indicted for alleged money laundering. Bill Frist, majority leader of
the Senate, may have had a Martha moment; the Securities and Exchange Commission
is investigating the mysteriously prescient sale of stock in a hospital company
his family founded, just before the price went south.

At 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., Karl Rove and Lewis "Scooter" Libby are up to their
Brooks Brothers collars in the Valerie Plame affair, though the White House
spent months denying they had anything to do with the certainly spiteful,
possibly felonious, outing of her as a covert CIA operative. David Safavian,
procurement officer for the White House Office of Management and Budget, has
been busted for lying about his ties with lobbyists, such as Jack Abramoff.

Over on K Street, Abramoff - who is so tight with Tom DeLay that he took the
Hammer on a posh golfing trip to Scotland - has been charged with fraud.

Out in Iraq (you remember Iraq: the place where weapons of mass destruction
aren't) civilians and soldiers keep dying in bomb blasts. The "democracy" we've
installed there keeps changing the rules on voting. Clearly they've studied the
2000 Florida elections.

In New Orleans, survivors of Hurricane Katrina are still wondering, over a month
later, when the Federal Emergency Management Agency will help them. Yep,
"Brownie" did "a heck of a job."

And everywhere, George W. Bush's approval ratings are in the tank.

For the loyal opposition, this panoply of Republican incompetence, arrogance and
criminality ought to be Christmas every day, the political gift that just keeps
on giving. So where are the Democrats? Under the bed? Hiding in a hotel in
Oklahoma? Windsurfing?

Sure, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi muttered something about the Republican
Party "crumbling," and party chief Howard Dean has called the Republicans
"corrupt." The usual suspects of punditry show up on the usual cable news shows,
clucking, carping and sniping. The "blame game" hasn't been this fun since
Iran-Contra.

But pointing out Republican venality - while richly satisfying - isn't enough. A
plan would be good. The Democrats used to be the party of the Big Idea: the New
Deal, voting rights, civil rights, the War on Poverty. And now? Where's the plan
for managing the train wreck that is Iraq? Where's the plan for rebuilding the
Gulf Coast for the benefit of its people rather than for the benefit of the fat,
happy and well-connected recipients of no-bid contracts? Where's the plan to
deal with Americans' absurdly wasteful consumption of energy? Our addiction to
fossil fuels? Our health care system, rigged to garner big profits for Big
Pharma? The growing chasm between rich and poor?

You'd think the Democrats could at least address the epidemic of stupidity,
aided and abetted by the government, that threatens us. More than a third of
Americans believe Noah took dinosaurs on the Ark, the earth is only 6,000 years
old, and they ain't kin to no monkey.

Polar ice is melting, sea temperatures are rising (hurricanes love warm water -
helps them grow big and strong), yet the administration is in denial. Sen. James
Inhofe recently called a hearing to attack climate change science. His big
witness was novelist Michael Crichton, who thinks environmentalists made up
global warming. Note to the senator: novelists make stuff up. It's their job.

Our unpopular, underbriefed, incurious president keeps trying to force the
conversation back onto his one strong subject: terrorism. But Katrina, cronyism,
the deficit, bad employment numbers, and what the Daily Show aptly calls
Mess-o-Potamia won't go away. Maybe it won't matter: The only Democrat who seems
to have two ideas to rub together is John Edwards. He's out of office, out of
town (in Chapel Hill, N.C.) and talking about poverty, so I guess the party
power-boys can ignore him.

Meanwhile, Washington is getting downright surreal: Supreme Court nominee
Harriet Miers describes George W. Bush as "the most brilliant man" she's ever
met. Congressmen keep coming up with risible revenue-enhancing ideas such as
repealing the estate tax while selling off national parks. The late Hunter S.
Thompson reminds us that "when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro." Alas,
there's no sign of that.

Diane Roberts is author of Dream State, a book about Florida.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COLUMNS

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              658 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Secrets of past haunt present

BYLINE: Joanne Sasvari, Calgary Herald

SECTION: BOOKS & THE ARTS; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 855  words


Turning Angel by Greg Iles,

(Scribner, 499 pages, $34.95)

The gracious manners and stately homes of Natchez, Miss. hide some dark secrets:
among them, racism, poverty, sex scandals, drug addiction and corrupt politics.
And when a teenage girl's body is found in a local creek, raped and murdered,
all those appalling secrets come tumbling out of the cupboards.

The body is that of 17-year-old Kate Townsend, a senior at the nearby private
school. She is one of the chosen ones, as smart as she is beautiful: class
valedictorian, tennis ace and, scandalously, the lover of a respected local
doctor.

Against his better judgment, former lawyer Penn Cage agrees to help the doctor.
How can he say no? Dr. Drew Elliott is his best friend, the man who saved his
life as a child and who stood by Penn when his wife died and he left the big
city for his Natchez hometown to write books and raise his young daughter.

But Penn soon discovers that the case isn't simply a romance gone wrong. It also
involves a world of haves and have nots, a world awash in cheap drugs, a world
of changing morality, a world, at times, of no morality at all. As he
investigates Kate's death, he is shocked by her fellow teens' reckless venality
and destruction, their drug abuse, their petty crimes, their careless sex. As
Drew's bitter and painkiller-addicted wife notes darkly, these days "good girls
do."

This is not a morality tale, however, so much as it is a requiem for a place of
grace and beauty caught up in all the ugliness of the 21st century. Natchez,
once one of America's richest cities, is now one of its poorest, with all the
injustice, corruption and racial inequalities that implies. In Iles' book,
Natchez is caught in a drug war between competing gangs. The town has also been
unable to escape conflicts a world away -- the most damaged character in the
book is a teenager who survived the war in Serbia and visits his nightmares on
his new neighbours.

This is a smart and complex tale. Iles' writing style is beautiful in its
simplicity, his descriptions and characters never trite or two-dimensional. His
plot twists and turns from page to page, utterly gripping, never failing to
surprise. Iles' 10th novel is not a standard thriller, but something truly
exceptional.

The Smile of a Ghost by Phil Rickman, (MacMillan, 471 pages, $36.95)

Rickman's seventh novel featuring Anglican priest and deliverance consultant
Merrily Watkins is his best yet, even though the dark forces she's fighting this
time aren't supernatural ones, but the forces of progress and politics.

It all starts when newly retired Detective Andy Mumford's 14-year-old nephew
falls to his death from a supposedly haunted medieval castle in nearby Ludlow.
Mumford refuses to accept the verdict of suicide, and starts investigating on
his own. Stymied and turned away by the authorities, he turns to Merrily for
help.

She, however, is dealing with problems of her own. Not only is a poison pen
marring her relationship with Nick-Drake-like folk singer Lol, but she's also
dealing with a new deliverance advisory panel whose members are not only
skeptical about the whole idea of exorcism, but also see this as an opportunity
to further their own careers while destroying Merrily's. Still, she agrees to
help Mumford, and her investigation leads her to an online club for suicidal
teens and ultimately to the Goth singer Belladonna, whose troubled life has been
a decades-long romance with death. Phil Rickman's series always raises troubling
questions about life, death, faith, spirituality and human relations, and never
more than here. This is a beautiful, ghostly read about the seductiveness of
death and the mesmerizing hold it has on us even in life.

Gone by Lisa Gardner, (Bantam Books, 342 pages, $35)

Gardner's tale of kidnap and revenge is a solid read, crisply written and
gloomily atmospheric in its damp, dank Oregon setting. When Rainie Conner
vanishes and her car is left abandoned on a remote road, her estranged husband,
former FBI profiler Pierce Quincy, swings into action -- much to the dismay of
the local law enforcement agencies that are already on the job. When a disturbed
young boy goes missing, too, the detectives begin to wonder whether they are
searching for a modern-day criminal, or a ghost from the past. But which ghost?
And whose past?

Mad River Road by Joy Fielding, (Doubleday Canada,

370 pages, $34.95)

When abused women flee their brutal spouses, they end up in places like Mad
River Road. Here, their names are no longer their own. They colour their hair
and they change their habits. They jump at shadows. And they live in terror of
the day someone like Ralph Fisher shows up at their door. Of course, these days,
Ralph has a new name, too, as well as prison record and a new girlfriend who, in
just a few short weeks, has already learned to fear his vicious tongue and angry
fists. But sometimes truth and courage can overcome an evil man, even in a place
like Mad River Road.

Joanne Sasvari is a writer in the Herald's Real Life section and author of the
book Paprika: A Spicy Memoir from Hungary (CanWest Books).

jsasvari@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Book cover of .);
Photo: (Book cover of The Smile of a Ghost.);
Photo: (Book cover of Turning Angel.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 24, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

How the Court Shaped Two Justices

BYLINE: Dennis Drabelle

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X1

LENGTH: 1116 words


THE ANTAGONISTS Hugo Black, Felix Frankfurter and Civil Liberties in Modern
America

By James F. Simon Simon and Schuster. 312 pp. $ 19.95

HUGO BLACK is often held up as the pluperfect example of a man who grew in
stature after his appointment to the U.S. Supreme Court. As portrayed in this
dramatic survey of intellectual history by James F. Simon, dean of New York
University Law School, Felix Frankfurter is an example of a man who became a
justice and shrank.

Both were New Deal justices, named to the court by Franklin Roosevelt as
replacements for two of the "nine old men" who had roused the president's ire by
overturning experimental statutes enacted in the creative tumult of his first
term. Black arrived first but almost not at all. A small-town Alabama lawyer of
narrow background but formidable intelligence, he had belonged to the Ku Klux
Klan for a short while before his election to the U.S. Senate. When the episode
came to light after his nomination to the court, he took to the airwaves and
delivered a proto-Checkers speech that saved his career. Although as a lawyer he
had championed the common man and as a senator had excoriated the venality of
big corporations, nothing in his background hinted that he would emerge as the
theorist behind perhaps the most impressive achievement by any branch of the
federal government during this century: the civil-rights revolution effected by
the Warren Court.

Felix Frankfurter was not so much appointed a justice as crowned one. Debonair,
brilliant, spectacularly well-connected, ostensibly a Republican but never one
to be pigeonholed by party, for 30 years he had been advising presidents and
foreign statesmen, first in various posts in Washington and then from a remote
but prestigious perch at Harvard Law School, before Roosevelt gave him the call.
The only question anyone seemed to have about the nomination was why it hadn't
been made sooner. Unlike Black, Frankfurter had impeccable credentials as a
civil libertarian. A Jew, he had helped found the American Civil Liberties
Union, taken up the cause of Sacco and Vanzetti and tried to calm the post-World
War I Red Scare. He expected to lead the court, even as a junior associate
justice, as he had swayed so many powerful men in the past. Many of his backers
expected him to provide the court with its most articulate spokesman on behalf
of civil rights. He and they were to be disappointed.

Both of the new justices were implicitly entrusted with the same mission:
getting the Supreme Court out of the business of second-guessing Congress.
Frankfurter's method was to preach and practice judicial restraint
across-the-board: Legislators, not justices, were empowered by the people to
make laws; only in the most egregious cases should the court rule a duly enacted
statute unconstitutional or otherwise tamper with a governmental action. Black's
method was simply to discredit the theories that the court had been invoking to
reject New Deal legislation and move on.

"Frankfurter . . . always treated his colleagues on the court as if they were
his students," Simon writes, and early in their common tenure he took it upon
himself to instruct Black in the niceties of constitutional law. Black listened,
gravitated toward Frankfurter's philosophy for a term or two, but in the
meantime read prodigiously and educated himself. One of their first rifts came
in a 1941 case that pitted two constitutional values against each other.

A radical longshoreman named Harry Bridges had been held in contempt of court
after criticizing an anti-union decision by a California judge and threatening a
strike unless it was reversed. To decide the case, Frankfurter embarked on a
learned exegesis of Anglo-Saxon jurisprudence and concluded that the balance
between the guarantees of free speech and a fair trial should be struck in favor
of the latter. Black rejected the appeal to British tradition and stressed the
peculiarly American primacy of the First Amendment; eventually he persuaded four
other justices, and the contempt citation was thrown out. In Simon's view, the
decision marked a momentous shift in the Black-Frankfurter relationship. "With
his Bridges majority opinion," he writes, "Black had challenged the former
Harvard professor on constitutional theory, and he had prevailed. He had done so
by trusting his own reading of constitutional history and concluding that the
First Amendment was an original and essential American creation. Notice was
given, as if it were necessary, that the Justice with the paltry legal education
and narrow plaintiff's lawyer's experience could operate on the most ambitious
intellectual level."

For the next decade or so, Black and Frankfurter vied for control of the court.
Although Black's growing influence derived mainly from the strength and clarity
(some might say the oversimplicity) of his positions, Frankfurter was not above
resorting to flattery in his attempts to woo new justices to his side. In an
interview with Simon after leaving the court, former justice Potter Stewart
called Frankfurter's campaign to cultivate him as "so unsubtle and obvious that
it was counterproductive." Frankfurter took it personally and badly when such
neophytes as Justice Harold Burton let themselves be swayed by Black and his
closest ally on the court, Justice William O. Douglas. Burton, Frankfurter
complained, "hasn't the remotest idea how malignant men like Black and Douglas
not only can be, but are." After the appointment of Earl Warren as chief justice
in 1953, the struggle was all but over. One by one the libertarian positions
Black had been formulating, mostly in dissent, became the law of the land, and
Frankfurter's insistence on judicial restraint sounded increasingly crabbed and
fussy.

The story has a happy ending of sorts. The two rivals warmed toward each other
after the death of Black's first wife brought out the sympathetic best in
Frankfurter. Toward the end of the latter's service on the court, there was even
a professional rapprochement: Black became somewhat more conservative as he
aged, and the two men found themselves in pleasant agreement on several big
cases.

James Simon's mastery of his material is secure, his style lucid. Non-lawyers
can pick up The Antagonists confident that bushwhacking through legalisms will
not be required. His optimistic conclusions -- that "Black's and Frankfurter's
open challenges to each other often pushed them to their best and most
impassioned advocacy" and that such straining is good for the body politic --
flow in smooth, lawyerly fashion from his energizing presentation of the facts.

Dennis Drabelle is a Washington lawyer and writer.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, HUGO L. BLACK IN 1970. AP; ILLUSTRATION, LEE EDWARD WOLF FOR TWP

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              660 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 23, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM IS FOUND SHIFTING GOALS

BYLINE: By JONATHAN FRIENDLY

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1850 words


The activity loosely defined as investigative journalism is changing some of its
targets and its tone.

To many journalists and their critics, the shift is a retreat into low-risk
newsgathering by a ''chilled'' press unwilling to stand up to adverse libel
verdicts, public hostility and economic pressures in the industry. The
journalists and critics warn that the change hurts the public, which expects the
press to be its watchdog.

To others in the field, the shift is a welcome evolution. They say some articles
that pass as ''investigative'' journalism are ''adversary'' journalism in which
charges of personal or institutional wrongdoing are based on suspicion rather
than evidence.

They say the press is as enthusiastic and active as ever in disclosing
corruption and that the difference is the toughening of internal standards to
assure fairness and accuracy.

Attitudes More 'Judicious'

Howard Simons, managing editor of The Washington Post, said reportorial
attitudes were more ''judicious'' now than they were 10 years ago, when The Post
won a Pulitzer Prize for its Watergate reporting. Reporters and editors no
longer ''want to turn over a rock just to see what sort of dishonesty is under
it,'' he said.

In recent interviews, journalists and their critics said the shift could not be
measured directly in terms of stories not pursued or articles not published,
because reporters or television news directors do not openly discuss the chances
they do not take. But it is widely felt.

''Journalism is getting to be a cautious business,'' said Jerry Uhrhammer, a
reporter for The Press-Enterprise in Riverside, Calif., former chairman of
Investigative Reporters and Editors Inc., a 1,200-member organization.

What has become known as investigative journalism traces its roots at least to
the exposes of Lincoln Steffens, Upton Sinclair or Ida Tarbell. In the 1950's
and 1960's it was the province of a relatively small number of reporters intent
on disclosing venality and willing to spend time poring over records or
searching out informers.

The publication of the Pentagon Papers in 1971 and the Watergate disclosures
that began a year later led to new support for journalistic investigations in
general and in particular for confrontation with government. Many newspapers and
television stations organized teams of reporters who were freed from routine to
concentrate on corruption.

Loss of Public Support

In the last three years, over-quotation of unidentified sources in articles and
lapses like the publication of manufactured or plagiarized reports have cut
public support for the press. Many newsrooms became more eager to adhere to
standards of fairness that had sometimes been set aside in the rush to reveal
wrongdoing.

Libel suits or the fear of libel suits is repeatedly described as the darkest
cloud hanging over investigative journalism. But the effect of the suits cannot
be precisely measured. Editors and reporters interviewed said unanimously that
they had never killed a news accountthey believed was true and important only
because they feared that publication might lead to a suit.

The increase in litigation has led to more internal policing. News organizations
retain lawyers to check controversial articles and to warn of areas of possible
trouble. Editors say they make the final decision on what the article says and
how it says it. They note that the lawyers often show them ways to report facts
they might otherwise have omitted.

Some reporters say, however, that they are discouraged by the prospect their
articles will be ''lawyered.'' Marion Goldin, a senior producer for ABC News,
said that having lawyers constantly in the newsroom checking for areas of
potential trouble in scripts made ''a dramatic difference,'' with reporters
asking themselves whether it is worth it to pursue a story they know would
create time-consuming legal problems.

Effect of Self-Censorship

In any event, journalists bombard one another with warnings. ''Journalists
should make the determination of what is newsworthy,'' said an article in
A.P.M.E. News, the monthly magazine of The Associated Press Managing Editors'
organization. ''But in doing so,'' the article went on, ''they must realize that
their judgment may be subject to second-guessing by plaintiffs, lawyers, judges
and jurors. The chilling effect of this, through self-censorship, is obvious.''

Steven J. Helle of the University of Illinois, who teaches law as it applies to
the news media, said he frequently told editors the law was basically on their
side. But he said, ''They would rather believe that they have a real problem on
their hands.''

Even without legal problems, investigative journalism is more expensive than
routine chronicling of local events. Months of digging may produce nothing that
can be published or broadcast.

For small newspapers, a bill for a few hundred dollars to copy public records is
enough to derail an investigation. Somewhat larger organizations that can afford
it sometimes conclude that the reward is too small.

''News directors feel the pressure of the bottom line when a reporter works
three months on something that lasts six minutes and is followed by a lawsuit,''
said Mackie Morris, who, as chairman of the broadcast department of the
University of Missouri School of Journalism, keeps in touch with many television
journalists.

Initiative Over Routine

Some newspapers and stations leave investigative work largely to the initiative
of the ''beat'' reporters, allowing them to drop routine duties for the special
project. Others make the effort more formal.

The Washington Post, The Philadelphia Inquirer and Newsday say they normally
have a dozen staff members assigned to investigative projects, and some
television stations designate ''I- teams.'' The networks concentrate their
investigations on particular programs such as CBS News's ''60 Minutes'' or ABC
News's ''20/20.''

As a matter of philosophy, many news organizations have turned away from
disclosures of individual corruption or exposes of private business and now
focus on how such public agencies as prisons or mental hospitals are run.

Reg Murphy, president and publisher of The Baltimore Sun, said that
investigative journalism had lost energy and impact as reporters concentrated on
intellectual issues. ''We put too high a value on sociology and too little on
raw human data,'' he said.

But many editors and reporters say those topics are more sophisticated and
socially useful than pursuing personal wrongdoing. They argue that that is the
responsibility of law-enforcement agencies.

There are exceptions, like The Wall Street Journal's recent articles about
privately owned ''slave labor'' camps in Louisiana, or the inquiry by The Kansas
City Star and The Kansas City Times into the collapse in 1981 of walkways at the
Hyatt Regency Hotel there. This year more than 80 percent of the submissions for
the Pulitzer Prize for local investigative work dealt with governmental
functions and functionaries.

Libel and Courts' Attitude

Articles about public agencies pose little risk of a libel suit, compared with
exposing individual dishonesty or corporate corruption, because court decisions
have overwhelmingly protected almost any discussion of issues of public
controversy. Journalists have also found that they can head off problems by
working from the start of a project with a sympathetic public official, such as
a prosecutor.

Last year reporters at television station KSL in Salt Lake City wanted the Utah
Attorney General's opinion, so they would not be prosecuted, of their planned
undercover test of how easily an unqualified applicant could get food stamps and
unemployment compensation. Attorney General David L. Wilkinson cleared the
project, and the tape the reporters made is now being used as a training film
for new employees in state offices concerned.  David Protess, a journalism
professor at Northwestern University, said such ''orchestrated journalism''
minimized public impact because the officials were already on record as
promising to ''reform'' the abuse that the news account detailed.

Some journalists say cooperating with the authorities risked making the press an
arm of the government, at least in appearance.

Then there is the ''investigative reporting'' that is simply reporting about an
investigation conducted by someone else, usually a prosecutor. That process has
become so common that Mr. Uhrhammer's group, Investigative Reporters and
Editors, effectively banned such reports from consideration for its annual
awards.

Misrepresentation as a Ploy

Like lawyers, doctors and other groups, journalists have been questioning
whether their work meets standards of fairness and honesty. They have been
particularly concerned with the question of whether a reporter may misrepresent
his or her identity if the reporter believes misrepresentation is the only way
to unearth an important story.

James P. Herman, editor of The Traverse City Record-Eagle in Michigan, said he
hesitated for weeks before deciding to publish an article saying a newly opened
escort service was offering ''adult entertainment'' as well as social
companionship. The reporter had signed a statement for the escort service saying
she was not a reporter.

The fact that journalism is increasingly perceived as a business also
contributes to the caution, says Ben H. Bagdikian, journalism professor at the
University of California at Berkeley. In a new book, ''The Media Monopoly,''
tracing links between the major communications companies and other large
enterprises, he says newspapers have become bland and timid ''for fear that
strong news and views pleasing to one part of the audience might offend another
part and thus reduce the circulation on which advertising rates depend.''

The recession has cut newsroom budgets and in some cases eliminated newsrooms in
mergers. In the last three years jointly owned newspapers in more than 30
medium-size cities have been consolidated into single publications or single
news staffs, ending competition that spurred enterprise in reporting.

In larger cities, newspaper owners may have other financial interests to
protect. ''How much credibility can newspaper conglomerates have in exposing
City Hall when another arm of that very organization may well be lobbying
commissioners in an attempt to gain a cable franchise?'' asked John McMullan,
who recently retired as executive editor of The Miami Herald.

In the search for ratings or circulation and the advertising dollars that come
with them, many news organizations have devoted their energies and staff to
relatively ''soft'' features such as food or ''style'' pages.

''Our principal mission is to cover the news,'' said Kenneth P. Johnson, the
editor of The Dallas Times Herald. ''People spend more time talking about 'look
how well-packaged we are.' '' He said other editors had told him, ''Take some of
the buzzwords out and I might as well be working for McDonald's.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              661 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     May 16, 2001 Wednesday, Final Edition

Next FBI chief must restore trust

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 422 words


WHEN LOUIS FREEH announced May 1 that he would be retiring next month as FBI
director, two very different kinds of stories filled the newspapers and TV
reports.

One kind featured abundant praise of Freeh as a straightforward public servant
of great integrity, a man almost universally liked. The other featured abundant
criticism of the agency he headed for nearly eight years, recounting serious
missteps and errors that have called into question the capabilities of the
country's top law enforcement body.

That list has now been lengthened by yet another blunder: the failure of the FBI
to turn over more than 3,000 pages of investigative documents to lawyers for
Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh. There's no suggestion that the materials
were withheld intentionally, but the sequence of poor decisions and changing
policies is hardly reassuring.

This latest mixup makes it more important than ever that President Bush find
just exactly the right person to take the reins of the FBI. Freeh was popular,
admired and respected, but far too many things have gone wrong during his
tenure. Maybe what the bureau needs now is a strong and not necessarily popular
leader who can shake up the complacency, carelessness and confusion that have
allowed this to happen. The nation simply must have confidence and trust in the
FBI, especially in an era when terrorism is likely to be a greater threat to our
security than any military adversary.

One thing still needs to be said about the foul-up involving the Oklahoma City
bombing case, however: None of the confusion about paperwork should be allowed
to cloud the issue of McVeigh's culpability, or his venality.

Just two weeks ago he wrote a letter to the Houston Chronicle in which he
reminded the world, intentionally and plainly, that he is guilty of killing the
168 people who died in the 1995 bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma
City. And, perhaps unintentionally, he reminded us how surely he deserves to pay
the ultimate penalty for that act.

Remarking on the claim by his former attorney, Stephen Jones, that the bombing
involved a conspiracy with a second person, McVeigh wrote, "Does anyone honestly
believe that if there was a John Doe 2 (there is not), that Stephen Jones would
still be alive? . . . Think about it." That kind of coldness and brutality is
evidence enough of evil that fully merits the death penalty. We hope that the
FBI's bookkeeping errors aren't allowed to postpone this man's date with
destiny, and justice, for very long.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              662 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                      April 27, 2003 Sunday Final Edition

Koufax vs. Murdoch: In a modern media morality tale, a mogul pitches gossip ...
and a fabled L.A. Dodger bats it out of the park

SOURCE: Citizen Special

BYLINE: Tim Rutten

SECTION: The Citizen's Weekly; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 863 words

Good old-fashioned morality tales don't come along too often these days. You
remember them -- the sort in which virtue vies with vice, right with wrong. In
the end, good triumphs and everyone takes home a useful lesson.

Nowadays, that sort of clarity is scarcer than a fairly priced litre of gas. We
deal, most of the time, in mixed motives and ambiguous outcomes.

That's what makes the improbable face-off between Sandy Koufax and Rupert
Murdoch a tale worth pondering by anybody who cares about the state of the
media.

Over here, we have our hero -- the incomparable Koufax, greatest of all Los
Angeles Dodger pitchers, Hall of Famer, three-time winner of the Cy Young Award
whose four no-hitters included a perfect game. More important, the intensely
private Koufax is a man who, throughout his 67 years, always has behaved with
courage, fortitude and dignity.

Over there, we have our villain -- the Australian-born Murdoch, most rapacious
of media accumulators, Exhibit A in any serious argument for more restrictive
immigration policies. His most notable recent achievement was to transform the
"Big Lie" from a propaganda tool into a business plan, using the purportedly
liberal leanings of the mainstream press as an excuse to launch the Fox News
cable channel, the most blatantly biased American news organization in decades.

In the meantime, his News Corp. continues to publish a variety of tabloid
newspapers whose distribution probably would be precluded by a slightly more
liberal reading of the leash laws. Murdoch, in other words, stands for all the
venality we've come to accept as a fact of contemporary life.

So, here's the plot: In December, when sportswriter Jane Leavy's book Sandy
Koufax: A Lefty's Legacy was on the bestseller lists, a gossip column in
Murdoch's New York Post published this item: "Which Hall of Fame baseball hero
co-operated with a best-selling biography only because the author promised to
keep it a secret that he is gay?" (The book's publisher, by the way, was
HarperCollins, another Murdoch property, as are the unfortunate Dodgers.)

The item was entirely false. Koufax, a sporting icon uniquely averse to trading
on his fame, took offense. But true to himself, he made no public protest. As
the Los Angeles Times reported, he simply let friends in the Dodger organization
know that, after 48 years, he was severing ties with the club and would have
nothing more to do with it so long as it was owned by Murdoch.

Within 24 hours, the Post had retracted, adding: "We apologize to Koufax and
Leavy for getting it wrong." It would be nice to think the sentiments are
sincere, but they probably have more to do with the fact News Corp. is trying to
sell the Dodgers and doesn't need bad publicity on top of bad balance sheets.

And the moral?

Gossip is a shabby business and its infiltration into the mainstream media under
the guise of making news livelier, "younger," more entertaining is to be
resisted. Moreover, when a real human being, like Koufax, quietly demonstrates a
preference for privacy over fame, the novelty of the choice reminds us all of
how so-called celebrity journalism's ubiquity has coarsened the popular
sensibility.

Lurking behind the Post's item, said David Halberstam -- equally at home writing
about pro sports and diplomatic history -- was a sinister assumption. "Because
Sandy Koufax wanted his privacy, there was an assumption something was wrong,
that he was trying to hide something." Athletes are particularly vulnerable
"because there is an idea that because their activities occurred in the public
domain, they should make every aspect of their lives available. If you don't,
then something is deeply wrong."

University of Southern California Professor Leo Braudy, author of The Frenzy of
Renown: Fame and Its History, thinks Koufax's ordeal "again raises the question
of whether it is possible to maintain integrity and privacy in a world that
seems not to care about truth and is hungry for any tidbit of behind-the-scenes
sleaze. I think one of the worst ways in which this has developed is the
tendency for other newspapers or news organizations to pick up a salacious item
of this sort and, in essence, launder it. That's done by saying, 'We're not
writing about the rumour, per se, but about the fact that some other sleazy
magazine or newspaper printed it.' "

To Braudy, the Koufax affair also renews the question of whether the only way to
maintain privacy these days is to become a recluse. "That's what J.D. Salinger
and Thomas Pynchon have done. It's as if once you've done anything in public,
there's no longer a way to draw a line around any other aspect of your life."

To Halberstam, "the most interesting thing that's occurred here is that Koufax
got Murdoch to back down. I think he was only able to do that because he has
consistently insisted that he wants to keep his private life private. He's never
bartered his privacy for profit or any special privilege and I think there's an
enormous reservoir of respect for that." The result, in Braudy's view, has been
"a small victory for the good guys."

And there, our morality tale ends, as every such lesson should.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Sandy Koufax; Colour Photo: Rupert Murdoch

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 7, 1988, Friday, Final Edition

Rowan Calls City's Case 'Malicious';
Columnist Unleashes Torrent of Criticism at Barry, Prosecutors

BYLINE: Nancy Lewis, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1027 words


Columnist Carl T. Rowan Sr. criticized D.C. Mayor Marion Barry yesterday for the
city's "malicious, political prosecution" of Rowan on firearms charges, renewed
his accusations that the mayor tried to "extort" favorable columns in exchange
for dropping the charges and called on D.C. residents to turn Barry out of
office.

"You deserve a government that is competent, that is not a sanctuary for drug
cartels, that does not blink at record numbers of homicide funerals," Rowan said
during a poolside news conference at his Northwest Washington home.

"You deserve a mayor and other city officials whom your children can regard as
inspirations to great achievement," Rowan said. "What you have now is venality,
ignorance, lack of couth, and an absence of conscience at the top."

Rowan's biting comments came one day after D.C. Corporation Counsel Frederick D.
Cooke Jr. announced that city prosecutors were dropping the charges against
Rowan even though Cooke said he believed Rowan committed the offenses. Rowan's
trial ended last week in a jury hung 9 to 3 for acquittal.

In a statement issued last night, Barry said that Rowan, "unfortunately . . .
made some extreme charges," but the mayor said, "I am too disciplined
emotionally and have too much dignity to get into a debate with Mr. Rowan."

Barry said the city has a "very strong gun control law " and that "if you
possess an unregistered handgun, as Mr. Rowan did, it is a case that should be
discussed between the corporation counsel, judges and juries, which is the way
this case was handled."

Rowan, an outspoken advocate of gun control, was charged July 27 with
misdemeanor offenses of possessing an unregistered handgun and unregistered
ammunition after shooting a backyard intruder who had taken an unauthorized
predawn swim in Rowan's pool on June 14.

Rowan testified at his trial that he believed 18-year-old Benjamin N. Smith of
Chevy Chase was trying to break into his home that morning. Rowan said he shot
Smith after repeatedly telling him to stop and warning Smith that he had a gun.
Rowan said that Smith lunged at him and that, in turn, he fired at Smith's feet,
striking him instead in the wrist.

Rowan has said the gun he used was owned by his son, Carl T. Rowan Jr., a former
FBI agent who now practices law.

Smith, who had been "pool hopping" at Rowan's residence with several friends,
has said that he had just gotten out of the water and was dripping wet when the
incident occurred.

Smith, who did not testify at Rowan's trial, has denied lunging at Rowan.

As Rowan's son and his attorneys, Raoul T. Carroll and former U.S. attorney
Joseph E. diGenova, stood in the background, the elder Rowan calmly read a
lengthy statement, answered questions and then led reporters and cameramen on a
backyard tour.Rowan pointed out that the sliding-glass door where he confronted
Smith is far from the pool, around a blind corner and near the front of the
L-shaped house.  Rowan showed reporters the two holes in the outdoor carpet
leading to the glass door where he said police had taken two blood-stained
samples. The smaller hole was about four feet from the door.

Rowan reiterated that he was going out to unchain a nearby fence gate to let in
police when he came upon Smith.

"Ben Smith was in the wrong. He committed a crime, and he paid a very tiny
price," said Rowan, who repeated his assertion that if Smith had come two feet
closer to him, "I might have had to kill him."

"I didn't go out and find Ben Smith and shoot him," Rowan said.

Smith could not be reached yesterday for comment. His attorney, Paul L. Colby,
said he found it "regrettable that Mr. Rowan has repeated his groundless
charges" and said that police had rejected Rowan's version because "the
authorities never sought to charge Ben Smith for any assaultive conduct."

Smith and a companion, Laura A. Bachman, 19, of Bethesda, were charged with
unlawful entry, a misdemeanor, by the U.S. attorney's office, which has agreed
to drop the charges against them in exchange for each performing 40 hours of
community service.

Most of Rowan's comments yesterday were aimed at the mayor, Barry's legal
counsel Herbert O. Reid Sr. and Cooke.

Railing against Cooke for what he called the "churlish and unprofessional stance
of declaring me 'guilty' even when the jury left me innocent," Rowan described
Cooke as a "spineless bureaucrat" who had sacrificed "his pride and reputation
on behalf of an administration that reeks with corruption."

Claude Bailey, spokesman for the corporation counsel's office, said Cooke had no
comment on Rowan's remarks.

Rowan accused Cooke of relinquishing his "prosecutorial judgment" to Barry and
Reid, and described three attempts by Barry and Reid to persuade Rowan to "cut a
deal."

The first, Rowan said, was a previously reported call from Reid to the younger
Rowan. "My son reported to me immediately that Reid had told him that the
mayor's public posture on the gun issue would improve if I would 'lower my
voice' about corruption in the city," Rowan said. Both Barry and Reid have
denied that the call was an attempt to bargain with Rowan.

On June 28, Rowan said, Barry called the younger Rowan and said, " 'Cooke can't
make any decision regarding the prosecution without my input.' "

Rowan said the third attempt was made July 29, two days after he was charged. At
that time, he said, Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.) telephoned Rowan's wife at
home and gave her a telephone number at which "I could call Barry and perhaps
get him to drop the charges," Rowan said. "I never called Barry because I feared
that he would claim that I telephoned him trying to 'cut a deal,' " he said.
Conyers was only trying to play "peacemaker," Rowan said, and was not a "witting
part."

Rowan said he had resisted Barry's alleged entreaties, and fought the charges in
court because, "I don't plead guilty to crimes that I have not committed," and
"I had to prove, at whatever cost, that my column and commentaries are not for
sale to any craven politician."

Asked if he was running for office, perhaps for mayor, Rowan replied, "I don't
run for anything but tennis balls."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, CART T. ROWAN TALKS WITH REPORTERS BY HIS POOL AFTER READING A
STATEMENT BERATING CITY OFFICIALS FOR PROSECUTING HIM. HARRY NALTCHAYAN

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              664 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 29, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CRIME ON THEIR HANDS

BYLINE: By EDNA STUMPF; Edna Stumpf is a freelance critic and writer.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 34, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 638 words


GENERAL MURDERS
By Loren D. Estleman.
232 pp. Boston:
Houghton Mifflin Company. $16.95.

MERMAIDS ON THE GOLF COURSE
By Patricia Highsmith.
233 pp. New York: Penzler Books. $17.95.

These two midcareer story collections seem poised to demonstrate the variety of
phenomena captured in the net of the crime genre. If genres are publishers'
marketing notions, and if writers can be ranked in order of adherence to
formula, Loren D. Estleman can be easily categorized. A handyman of journalism,
westerns and what have you, he seems especially devoted to the hard-boiled
school, with its Hammett-Chandler-Macdonald pantheon. His books are about the
losers and abusers of a money-oriented society, all of them more modern in
venality than square Amos Walker, an honest shamus committed to the poverty,
chastity and irony of his calling. (''I skipped lunch and drove to a downtown
theater where an old Robert Mitchum detective film was playing in revival. I
took notes.'') Mr. Estleman is a hard worker in a field mined with exploding
talent: Lawrence Block, Jonathan Valin, Stephen Greenleaf, Max Byrd. His own
genius seems to reside in his devotion: he slavishly imitates Raymond Chandler
and handles the inherent sentimentality of his enterprise with becoming
reticence. He writes about the corruption of Detroit with a perverse, citified
pride. Walker's recurring sidekicks are Barry Stackpole, an unstable
investigative reporter, and John Alderdyce, a black cop who goes way back with
Walker but doesn't let him count on it. (Mr. Estleman includes many blacks among
both the hunters and the hunted; this strikes me as a particularly honorable
form of nonracism, corruption tending to strip both black and white to their
base humanity.) Of the stories in ''General Murders,'' I'd recommend ''The
Prettiest Dead Girl in Detroit.'' It's a highly decorated set piece (''My office
waiting room was full of no customers'') about a dead redhead in a hotel room.
The author took pains with this one, and it shows. In general, however, the
short-story form reveals the intense stylization of Loren Estleman's fiction in
an unkind way. Ominous women, clues, drinks, pain, revelation - it's all very
pat, very previously owned.

Patricia Highsmith, on the other hand, needs all the stylization she can get.
She is usually introduced as the author of ''Strangers on a Train,'' just as
Robert Bloch is known for writing ''Psycho,'' and in both cases we remember not
the story but the movie. Her writing affects a blank-faced severity, but her
plots are as far away from the hard-boiled action as you can get.

Actually, though a distraught wife pulls a gun on her husband in the title tale
and a stressed-out family man kills a stranger in ''The Button,'' the stories in
''Mermaids on the Golf Course'' are not about crime at all. They're about people
having nervous breakdowns and just managing to keep it out of the papers.
Depression is endemic, and suicide (as in the story ''Not in This Life, Maybe
the Next'') an option. Though Ms. Highsmith is hardly a romantic, her links to
Gothic novels are clear in the rigid domesticity of her settings, the social
paranoia, the controlled threat to respectability. The tactful word for her
prose is ''subtle,'' but I judge it somewhat watery. She's a ''gimmick'' writer
- the gimmick of ''Strangers on a Train'' is, of course, famous - and she needs
a more complex system of gimmicks than she's using here to give her fiction
impact.

Her ''Little Tales of Misogyny'' was diverting; its feminist theme gave her
polite voice a necessary sarcastic edge. These edgeless, obvious stories tend to
sell the depression that is presumably their subject. While Mr. Estleman seems
sometimes to be too obedient to his chosen formula, Ms. Highsmith could perhaps
use more of its discipline.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              665 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

Authority of New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct questioned

BYLINE: Denise M. Champagne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1454  words


The New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct has the green light to proceed
with a complaint against a town of Salina justice in Onondaga County.

The commission alleges Justice Andrew N. Piraino failed to follow the law by
imposing incorrect fines in approximately 900 traffic cases before him,
resulting in excess fines of $13,451 from 791 of the cases.

In about another 150 cases, fines were dispensed at $6,404 below the statutory
minimum, according to the original complaint filed May 20, 2010.

Justice Piraino, a Syracuse attorney, filed an Article 78 proceeding early this
year under the name of "John Doe," questioning the commission's jurisdiction.
Justice Piraino asked that the commission's formal complaint be vacated and that
it be permanently restrained from further action against him on the complaint.

"The acts complained of are mere administrative failures and do not rise to the
level of unethical judicial misconduct," Justice Piraino's petition said. "The
formal complaint does not allege petitioner engaged in any acts of venality or
judicial intemperance. "

Justice Piraino claimed the commission was strictly limited to prosecuting acts
of unethical judicial misconduct. Onondaga County Supreme Court Justice John C.
Cherundolo disagreed and lifted his restraining order, which prevented the
commission from pursuing the matter pending a decision.

Justice Cherundolo, in his May 12 order, made public last week on the
commission's website, ordered that the Commission on Judicial Conduct may resume
its proceedings against Justice Piraino and that the case be listed under his
real name.

Robert H. Tembeckjian, the commission's administrator and counsel, said
commission proceedings are confidential unless a decision is made to publicly
admonish, censure or remove a judge from office.

State supreme court proceedings are open to the public. Justice Piraino's move
to the trial court was originally sealed at his request, which Justice
Cherundolo initially granted and later denied, at the same time ordering all
related papers be unsealed.

Tembeckjian said a hearing will be scheduled on the initial complaint. He said
the results range from dismissing the complaint to removing the judge from
office. Other options in such proceedings include a confidential caution or
publicly admonishing or censuring a judge.

Justice Piraino is going to appeal to the Appellate Division, Fourth Department,
according to his attorney Aaron M. Zimmerman, with whom he has shared an office
for several years.

"It's my position that the motion judge either misunderstood the law or
misapprehended the impact of the Court of Appeals on this," Zimmerman said. He
and Justice Piraino do not deny incorrect fines were rendered; just that it was
a mistake not rising to the level of judicial misconduct.

"Justice Piraino did not even know that a mistake had been committed until the
commission had contacted him," Zimmerman said. "The commission plays a game of
'gotcha' and is simply wrong and inequitable. "

Justice Piraino, who was first elected Salina town justice in November 1993,
notes in court papers that the quality of his work had never been questioned
before the initial Letter of Inquiry from the commission on May 14, 2009.

The letter indicated the commission was concerned about the fines and surcharges
being imposed on traffic-related matters, as well as Justice Piraino's allowing
matters to be reduced by pleas to the lesser charge of failure to obey traffic
laws.

In response, Justice Piraino voluntarily produced copies of all court records
pertaining to the cases listed and issued a local rule that he would no longer
accept pleas to Vehicle and Traffic Law Section 1101.

The investigation began following a complaint by two people in the same car who
had pleaded guilty to not wearing a seatbelt. Each was fined $60, which they
paid, followed by a complaint letter to the Commission on Judicial Conduct that
the fine, by law, should not have exceeded $50.

Zimmerman said the commission never contacted Justice Piraino or his court; that
it instead opened a secret investigation and when they told the commission it
had exceeded its authority, it filed a formal complaint. Tembeckjian
acknowledges there are no claims that Justice Piraino was charging the wrong
amounts to enrich himself. He said the charges allege he violated various rules
that require judges to respect and comply with the law, be professionally
competent in the law and faithful to it.

The commission was represented by Assistant Attorney General Heather R.
Rubinstein of the Syracuse office.

Justice Cherundolo, in his decision, notes that the inquiry is not whether
Justice Piraino committed misconduct, but whether the commission has the power
to determine whether or not the misconduct has occurred, after a hearing.

Justice Cherundolo points out that according to the state constitution, the
commission has the authority to "receive, initiate, investigate and hear
complaints" and determine whether or not a judge should be disciplined for
misconduct.

He also cites Matter of Banks 2009 WL 2400327 (N.Y. Comm. On Jud. Conduct) in
which the commission found a judge violated New York State Codes, Rules and
Regulations when he imposed fines above the maximum amount allowed.

"The commission stated that although it was stipulated that the judge acted
unintentionally, it was his responsibility to know the law and his conduct was
harmful to individuals and society in creating at least an appearance that the
judge was imposing higher fines in order to increase the town's revenues,"
Justice Cherundolo's decision says. "Here, it is unclear whether or not the
petitioner ultimately committed misconduct or violated the canons of judicial
ethics. What is clear is that this is a determination to be made by the NYS
Commission on Judicial Conduct. "

He ruled the matter warrants a full hearing and a full record through which the
commission can reach a decision.

Tembeckjian said after the hearing, the referee reports to the commission and
may recommend what, if any, punishment should be imposed.

He said it is unusual for a judge to challenge the commission's authority to
investigate complaints and render disciplinary action.

"It was much more common 30 years ago in the early days of the commission when
the commission was new and its constitutional authority had not been tested," he
said, noting the last time it happened was in 2007 when a Bronx family court
judge filed a proceeding in supreme court to stop the commission.

Tembeckjian said the judge lost the initial application to proceed and keep the
matters confidential, after which a stipulation was reached that included the
judge's leaving office.

"I want to express appreciation for Judge Cherundolo's ruling, which is
consistent with the state constitution and previous cases of this type that have
been brought in Supreme Court," Tembeckjian said.

"The commission's conduct is unfair to Judge Piraino and reduces and lessens the
public's trust in the judicial system," Zimmerman said. "The commission had a
chance to correct an oversight and failed to do so. Their conduct is
inexcusable. Instead, they blame Judge Piraino for a simple oversight. "

Zimmerman said the only time the commission is ever reviewed is when someone
takes the matter to the Court of Appeals, which he said Judge Banks refused to
do. Zimmerman said Judge Piraino has handled 70,000 cases and that the Salina
Town Court is one of the most voluminous in the state as far as traffic
violations with the New York State Thruway and Interstate 81 running through the
town.

In addition, Zimmerman said by law, towns are allowed two justices and at the
time the seatbelt defendants appeared, Justice Piraino was the sole justice in
the town due to an ongoing election dispute.

"The reality is every town judge makes mistakes," Zimmerman said. "That doesn't
make a judge guilty of unethical conduct. Unless the judge has made a mistake
through malice or a malicious act, it's a simple mistake and does not rise to
the level of misconduct. "

He said another factor is that the state Department of Motor Vehicles is
constantly changing the law and that there are limits to how many surcharges may
be imposed for multiple counts resulting from a single incident.

Zimmerman said Justice Piraino now uses a form he instituted that lists the
maximum and minimum fines and surcharges on the various traffic cases before
him.

Tembeckjian said it is possible the affected defendants may be able to recover
what they were overcharged. He said fines and fees are divided between the state
and the locality, and what has happened in previous cases is that the judges
work with the town and state comptroller to refund the overcharges.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 15, 1992, Tuesday

Is Clinton following his own ethics policies?

BYLINE: By Richard Matthewspolitics; policy; presidents; leaders; government;
ethics

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 22

LENGTH: 462 words


The Clinton administration hasn't even taken office yet, but it's already
donning saintly garb. With new ethics rules for top officials, they say, the old
Republican habits of greed and duplicity and disloyalty be seen no more: The
revolving door will be closed.

Of course, it's true that too many people leave government posts and become,
with unseemly haste, high-paying lobbyists for the very people they formerly
regulated. A five-year ban on that could focus bureaucrats' attention more
firmly on the job at hand, rather than several that might lurk in the bush.

But there are interesting aspects of the policy that bear examination - and one
that raises questions about just how genuine are the reforming instincts of the
new president.

A couple of quirks first. The rule that bans high-level government officials
from lobbying for foreign governments for life seems at best piquish, at worst
jingoistic.

The only semi-logical argument for it would be a belief that any foreign
government's position on a piece of legislation would always be wrong, while
"America's" position would be right. Doesn't that smack of "my country right or
wrong," which is supposed to be the province of the Neanderthal Right, not the
Enlightened Liberals?

Some complain that the ban doesn't cover foreign companies. That omission may be
a sign that Mr. Clinton understands a key argument by his friend and economic
guru, Robert Reich, that U.S. firms are busy shipping jobs overseas, while
foreign companies are feverishly building factories here and hiring Americans.
So if Americans are lobbying for each, which one is the "traitor"? The real
question about the Clinton policy, however, is why it assumes that venality and
greed and bad faith flow only in one direction? That is, why is it wrong to go
from government to thebusiness payroll, but not to go from business to
government?

Why would one assume that anyone leaving the Commerce Department and going to
work for a private company would be ipso facto a sleazeball, but someone who was
a registered foreign agent becoming commerce secretary (Ron Brown) is a noble
soul who can easily and fully separate competing interests. Why would someone
leaving Treasury to work for a big corporation be automatically suspect, but
someone with vast holdings in oil, gas, real estate and other industries
becoming Treasury secretary (Lloyd Bentsen) is beyond questioning?

What this really suggests is not that the Clinton crowd has a principle at stake
here, but simply that they believe anyone who disagrees with them is dishonest,
while anyone who agrees with them is noble - even if they do essentially the
same things.

Whatever that is, it's not reform.

Richard Matthews's column appears in The Journal on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923560008

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              667 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

RAIDING THE BLACK MARKET BANK;
The American authorities have swooped on what they claim is the world's biggest
money launderer. Simon Duke reports

BYLINE: Simon Duke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1842 words


The flight from Casablanca landed on a hot spring morning at Madrid's Barajas
airport. A short, stocky man grabbed his hand luggage from the overhead bin
before ambling down the gangway towards his connecting flight to Costa Rica.

It was a journey that Arthur Budovsky had taken many times before. Morocco's
financial capital was a key staging post in the 39-year-old's global empire,
based in the idyllic Central American republic.

Last Friday, though, the trip was anything but ordinary.

Spanish police were lying in wait for the Ukraine-born Costa Rican citizen.

Following a two-year international investigation - codenamed "Arthur" - he and
an associate were quietly taken aside, handcuffed and placed under arrest.

Budovsky, who also goes by the names Arthur Belanchuk and Eric Paltz, is accused
of overseeing the biggest money laundering operation in American history.
Prosecutors say his company, Liberty Reserve, was the cyberbank of choice for
internet scammers, drug dealers and child pornography peddlers wanting to
cleanse their ill-gotten gains.

The internet identity thief who stole your credit card details is likely to have
used Liberty Reserve to wash his cash, whether he was based in Basingstoke or
Ulan Bator.

Stretching from Latin America to Vietnam, Budovsky's alleged conspiracy is a
tale of breathtaking audacity and venality. Instead of exchanging suitcases full
of used banknotes in back alleys, villains could simply wire money anonymously
to accomplices over the Liberty Reserve network, which operated one of the
world's most popular digital currencies.

The "black market bank", as it has been dubbed by American prosecutors, is
accused of helping 1m users to launder more than $6bn (£4bn) in dirty money
since 2006, processing 55m illicit transactions - well over 20,000 a day.

Budovsky and his accomplices are thought to have pocketed hundreds of millions
of dollars in fees and certainly enjoyed a rock'n'roll lifestyle. Costa Rican
police impounded five luxury cars from properties connected to the ring,
including three Rolls-Royces.

Structured as a "criminal business venture", Liberty Reserve was specifically
"designed to help criminals conduct illegal transactions", said Preet Bharara,
US attorney for the southern district of New York. The authorities have begun
proceedings to extradite Budovsky from Spain.

His spectacular rise, and even more dramatic fall, highlight the explosion in
so-called virtual currencies. Bitcoins, Amazon coins and even supermarket
vouchers are little more than strings of data held on a computer server. But
they are swiftly becoming a means of exchange in the real world. It is debatable
whether watchdogs have the powers or expertise to police this booming corner of
the financial services industry. Crooks see cyberspace both as an arena for
committing crime and as a place to detoxify their dirty money.

"If Al Capone were alive today, this is how he'd be hiding his money," said
Richard Weber, head of the US Internal Revenue Service criminal investigation
division.

SETTING UP an account on Liberty Reserve was ridiculously easy. When the
American authorities opened their investigation, an undercover agent signed up
using "blatantly false information". Under an alias of "Joe Bogus", the agent
listed his address as "123 Fake Street" in "Completely Made Up City, New York".

Using the company's virtual currency, called the LR, he then made numerous money
transfers to other accounts belonging to colleagues. Attached to the payments
were memos for the recipients, including "your share of the cashout", "for ATM
skimming work" and "for the cocaine". None of this raised flags in Liberty
Reserve's system.

Knowing the identity of a customer is, perhaps, the single most important duty
placed on financial institutions.

But it was a duty that Liberty Reserve brazenly flouted, according to
prosecutors.

Among the real accounts on the service were "blatantly criminal" monikers such
as "Russia Hackers" and "Hacker Account".

The devil-may-care stance meant Liberty Reserve quickly became a
no-questions-asked alternative to the global banking system for myriad villains
across the globe. US prosecutors allege that identity thieves, credit card
hucksters, computer hackers, child pornographers and narcotics traffickers all
used the site.

According to papers for a separate legal investigation, it also played a pivotal
role in laundering $45m which had been stolen from two Middle Eastern banks.

The company operated with startling simplicity. To launder illegal loot, crooks
merely created an account, supplying a false name and address. They would then
hand over dirty cash to "exchangers" - middlemen who converted hard currency
into virtual funds, pocketing a transaction fee of as much as 5%, according to
court papers. Users could then make transfers to another Liberty Reserve
account, and convert the cybermoney back into cash.

The business even opened a digital bazaar for criminals, where illicit services
could be bought, including stolen bank account data and illegal drugs, said
prosecutors.

Countries "without significant governmental oversight or regulation" were
deliberately targeted, with Liberty opening operations in Russia, Nigeria,
Malaysia and Vietnam, the American probe found. It had accounts with banks in
other far-flung destinations, including Cyprus, Russia, China, Morocco and a
Barclays branch in Spain.

Prosecutors have so far seized $25m from 45 accounts around the world - and said
there is "more to come".

Crucially, investigators identified a money trail between accounts controlled by
the exchangers, who collected the commissions, and Budovsky and his associates.

In addition, the American investigators claim to have found the "smoking gun"
that proves the men were fully aware they were breaking the law. In an online
chat with Vladimir Kats and Ahmed Yassine Abdelghani, two of Budovsky's
associates, Abdelghani admitted the Department of Justice knew that "LR is a
money laundering operation that hackers use".

In 2011, Budovsky renounced his American citizenship. At that time, he told
immigration officials he was concerned that his company had developed software
that "might open him up to liability in the US", according to court papers.

The previous year, he secured Costa Rican citizenship after paying a street food
vendor $800 to marry him, according to local news reports. The marriage could
have been an attempt to evade US justice as Costa Rica does not have an
extradition treaty with America.

Budovsky's arrest in Spain was not the first time he had felt the long arm of
the law. In 2006 he and Kats were given five-year suspended jail sentences by a
New York court for operating an unlicensed money transmission service.

THIS TIME round, if they are convicted, Budovsky and six associates face 20
years in an American prison.

Central to the prosecution case will be mountains of electronic data gleaned
from the powerful computers that ran the Liberty Reserve empire.

The case marks the first time search warrants have been served on a "cloud"
computer network - Liberty Reserve rented servers from Amazon Web Services, a
division of the online retail giant.

Court documents contend that Amazon "managed and efficiently routed" traffic to
the Liberty website and owned and controlled many of its domain names and IP
addresses.

But the fact that virtual currencies have operated undetected for years raises
questions about the ability of the current crop of financial overseers to police
fast-growing digital alternatives to cash such as Bitcoins and even Facebook
credits.

"Regulators have been focused on battening down the financial system and have
missed a trick in what's happening on the periphery," said Chris Skinner of the
Financial Services Club think tank. Invented four years ago, Bitcoins are a form
of digital money that is gaining popularity as a means of making and receiving
payments anonymously online. Unlike the dollar and pound, whose supply has been
greatly expanded by moneyprinting central bankers, there is a strict limit on
the number of Bitcoins that can be issued. This, in theory, should preserve the
purchasing power, like gold.

But the currency has gained notoriety for the wild fluctuations in its value -
and because it is used on Silk Road, a website hidden in an obscure, anonymous
corner of the internet, where users can buy hard drugs, among other things.

The Liberty Reserve case is expected to usher in closer and continuing scrutiny
of the Bitcoin phenomenon. Earlier this month the US Department of Homeland
Security seized records from the largest of the Bitcoin exchanges - which allow
consumers to buy and sell the currency - alleging that the operation had not
been properly registered. However, the momentum behind virtual currencies is
strong, and backed by sound economic arguments.

The dollar is currently the currency of choice for online purchases but it is a
slow, messy and, above all, costly process for businesses outside the US, which
must pay foreign exchange and clearing fees.

As more and more business is done online, digital currencies will surely become
increasingly powerful.

And someone, somewhere, will have to be watching over them if these new online
money exchanges are not to become a haven for crooks.

Spotlight falls on Costa Rica The Cayman Islands and Bermuda have come under
enormous scrutiny during the furore over the tax affairs of American
multinational companies, such as Apple and Google.

But another Caribbean tax haven remained under the radar - until the scandal at
Liberty Reserve came to light last week. Once dubbed the "Switzerland of Central
America", Costa Rica has become a popular base for foreign firms operating in
the region.

It has grown into a refuge for online gambling and poker sites since an American
ban in 2006, with more than 400 virtual casinos now operating in the country.

In contrast to offshore centres such the British Virgin Islands and the Caymans,
companies that incorporate in Costa Rica enjoy tax-free trading access to the
United States and Canada.

Unlike the typical underpopulated tax haven, Costa Rica is a "real" economy with
a population of 4m and a thriving tourist industry. Nevertheless, it was
recently added to France's blacklist of 17 countries banned from receiving funds
from French banks.

Paris expressed concern over its failure to investigate foreign aid fraud and
said there was a lack of transparency in the financial system.

A recent report found that the number of suspicious financial transactions had
risen more than tenfold since 2001.

Costa Rican authorities are investigating at least 16 big cases, including
allegations that drug money is being laundered through casinos, betting houses
and even a football team.

Watchdogs in San José, the capital, allowed Liberty Reserve to operate for five
years before turning down its application for a licence. After that, the company
closed its offices but continued to run as an internet-only operation in Costa
Rica.

'' IF AL CAPONE WERE ALIVE TODAY, THIS IS HOW HE'D BE HIDING HIS MONEY

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Costa Rica: tourist haven

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

RAIDING THE BLACK MARKET BANK;
The American authorities have swooped on what they claim is the world's biggest
money launderer. Simon Duke reports

BYLINE: Simon Duke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1846 words


The flight from Casablanca landed on a hot spring morning at Madrid's Barajas
airport. A short, stocky man grabbed his hand luggage from the overhead bin
before ambling down the gangway towards his connecting flight to Costa Rica.

It was a journey that Arthur Budovsky had taken many times before. Morocco's
financial capital was a key staging post in the 39-year-old's global empire,
based in the idyllic Central American republic.

Last Friday, though, the trip was anything but ordinary.

Spanish police were lying in wait for the Ukraine-born Costa Rican citizen.

Following a two-year international investigation - codenamed "Arthur" - he and
an associate were quietly taken aside, handcuffed and placed under arrest.

Budovsky, who also goes by the names Arthur Belanchuk and Eric Paltz, is accused
of overseeing the biggest money laundering operation in history. American
prosecutors say his company, Liberty Reserve, was the cyberbank of choice for
internet scammers, drug dealers and child pornography peddlers wanting to
cleanse their ill-gotten gains.

The internet identity thief who stole your credit card details is likely to have
used Liberty Reserve to wash his cash, whether he was based in Basingstoke or
Ulan Bator.

Stretching from Latin America to Vietnam, Budovsky's alleged conspiracy is a
tale of breathtaking audacity and venality. Instead of exchanging suitcases full
of used banknotes in back alleys, villains could simply wire money anonymously
to accomplices over the Liberty Reserve network, which operated one of the
world's most popular digital currencies.

The "black market bank", as it has been dubbed by American prosecutors, is
accused of helping 1m users to launder more than $6bn (£4bn) in dirty money
since 2006, processing 55m illicit transactions - well over 20,000 a day.

Budovsky and his accomplices are thought to have pocketed hundreds of millions
of dollars in fees and certainly enjoyed a rock'n'roll lifestyle. Costa Rican
police impounded five luxury cars from properties connected to the ring,
including three Rolls-Royces.

Structured as a "criminal business venture", Liberty Reserve was specifically
"designed to help criminals conduct illegal transactions", said Preet Bharara,
US attorney for the southern district of New York. The authorities have begun
proceedings to extradite Budovsky from Spain.

His spectacular rise, and even more dramatic fall, highlight the explosion in
so-called virtual currencies. Bitcoins, Amazon coins and even supermarket
vouchers are little more than strings of data held on a computer server. But
they are swiftly becoming a means of exchange in the real world. It is debatable
whether watchdogs have the powers or expertise to police this booming corner of
the financial services industry. Crooks see cyberspace both as an arena for
committing crime and as a place to detoxify their dirty money.

"If Al Capone were alive today, this is how he'd be hiding his money," said
Richard Weber, head of the US Internal Revenue Service criminal investigation
division.

SETTING UP an account on Liberty Reserve was ridiculously easy. When the
American authorities opened their investigation, an undercover agent signed up
using "blatantly false information". Under an alias of "Joe Bogus", the agent
listed his address as "123 Fake Street" in "Completely Made Up City, New York".

Using the company's virtual currency, called the LR, he then made numerous money
transfers to other accounts belonging to colleagues. Attached to the payments
were memos for the recipients, including "your share of the cashout", "for ATM
skimming work" and "for the cocaine". None of this raised flags in Liberty
Reserve's system.

Knowing the identity of a customer is, perhaps, the single most important duty
placed on financial institutions.

But it was a duty that Liberty Reserve brazenly flouted, according to
prosecutors.

Among the real accounts on the service were "blatantly criminal" monikers such
as "Russia Hackers" and "Hacker Account".

The devil-may-care stance meant Liberty Reserve quickly became a
no-questions-asked alternative to the global banking system for myriad villains
across the globe. US prosecutors allege that identity thieves, credit card
hucksters, computer hackers, child pornographers and narcotics traffickers all
used the site.

According to papers for a separate legal investigation, it also played a pivotal
role in laundering $45m which had been stolen from two Middle Eastern banks.

The company operated with startling simplicity. To launder illegal loot, crooks
merely created an account, supplying a false name and address. They would then
hand over dirty cash to "exchangers" - middlemen who converted hard currency
into virtual funds, pocketing a transaction fee of as much as 5%, according to
court papers. Users could then make transfers to another Liberty Reserve
account, and convert the cybermoney back into cash.

The business even opened a digital bazaar for criminals, where illicit services
could be bought, including stolen bank account data and illegal drugs, said
prosecutors.

Countries "without significant governmental oversight or regulation" were
deliberately targeted, with Liberty opening operations in Russia, Nigeria,
Malaysia and Vietnam, the American probe found. It had accounts with banks in
other far-flung destinations, including Cyprus, Russia, China, Morocco and a
Barclays branch in Spain.

Prosecutors have so far seized $25m from 45 accounts around the world - and said
there is "more to come".

Crucially, investigators identified a money trail between accounts controlled by
the exchangers, who collected the commissions, and Budovsky and his associates.

In addition, the American investigators claim to have found the "smoking gun"
that proves the men were fully aware they were breaking the law. In an online
chat with Vladimir Kats and Ahmed Yassine Abdelghani, two of Budovsky's
associates, Abdelghani admitted the Department of Justice knew that "LR is a
money laundering operation that hackers use".

In 2011, Budovsky renounced his American citizenship. At that time, he told
immigration officials he was concerned that his company had developed software
that "might open him up to liability in the US", according to court papers.

The previous year, he secured Costa Rican citizenship after paying a street food
vendor $800 to marry him, according to local news reports. The marriage could
have been an attempt to evade US justice as Costa Rica does not have an
extradition treaty with America.

Budovsky's arrest in Spain was not the first time he had felt the long arm of
the law. In 2006 he and Kats were given five-year suspended jail sentences by a
New York court for operating an unlicensed money transmission service.

THIS TIME round, if they are convicted, Budovsky and six associates face 20
years in an American prison.

Central to the prosecution case will be mountains of electronic data gleaned
from the powerful computers that ran the Liberty Reserve empire.

The case marks the first time search warrants have been served on a "cloud"
computer network - Liberty Reserve rented servers from Amazon Web Services, a
division of the online retail giant.

Court documents contend that Amazon "managed and efficiently routed" traffic to
the Liberty website and owned and controlled many of its domain names and IP
addresses.

But the fact that virtual currencies have operated undetected for years raises
questions about the ability of the current crop of financial overseers to police
fast-growing digital alternatives to cash such as Bitcoins and even Facebook
credits.

"Regulators have been focused on battening down the financial system and have
missed a trick in what's happening on the periphery," said Chris Skinner of the
Financial Services Club think tank. Invented four years ago, Bitcoins are a form
of digital money that is gaining popularity as a means of making and receiving
payments anonymously online. Unlike the dollar and pound, whose supply has been
greatly expanded by moneyprinting central bankers, there is a strict limit on
the number of Bitcoins that can be issued. This, in theory, should preserve the
purchasing power, like gold.

But the currency has gained notoriety for the wild fluctuations in its value -
and because it is used on Silk Road, a website hidden in an obscure, anonymous
corner of the internet, where users can buy hard drugs, among other things.

The Liberty Reserve case is expected to usher in closer and continuing scrutiny
of the Bitcoin phenomenon. Earlier this month the US Department of Homeland
Security seized records from the largest of the Bitcoin exchanges - which allow
consumers to buy and sell the currency - alleging that the operation had not
been properly registered. However, the momentum behind virtual currencies is
strong, and backed by sound economic arguments.

The dollar is currently the currency of choice for online purchases but it is a
slow, messy and, above all, costly process for businesses outside the US, which
must pay foreign exchange and clearing fees.

As more and more business is done online, digital currencies will surely become
increasingly powerful.

And someone, somewhere, will have to be watching over them if these new online
money exchanges are not to become a haven for crooks.

Spotlight falls on Costa Rica The Cayman Islands and Bermuda have come under
enormous scrutiny during the furore over the tax affairs of American
multinational companies, such as Apple and Google.

But another Caribbean tax haven remained under the radar - until the scandal at
Liberty Reserve came to light last week. Once dubbed the "Switzerland of Central
America", Costa Rica has become a popular base for foreign firms operating in
the region.

It has grown into a refuge for online gambling and poker sites since an American
ban in 2006, with more than 400 virtual casinos now operating in the country.

In contrast to offshore centres such the British Virgin Islands and the Caymans,
companies that incorporate in Costa Rica enjoy tax-free trading access to the
United States and Canada.

Unlike the typical underpopulated tax haven, Costa Rica is a "real" economy with
a population of 4m and a thriving tourist industry. Nevertheless, it was
recently added to France's blacklist of 17 countries banned from receiving funds
from French banks.

Paris expressed concern over its failure to investigate foreign aid fraud and
said there was a lack of transparency in the financial system.

A recent report found that the number of suspicious financial transactions had
risen more than tenfold since 2001.

Costa Rican authorities are investigating at least 16 big cases, including
allegations that drug money is being laundered through casinos, betting houses
and even a football team.

Watchdogs in San José, the capital, allowed Liberty Reserve to operate for five
years before turning down its application for a licence. After that, the company
closed its offices but continued to run as an internet-only operation in Costa
Rica.

Costa Rica: tourist haven

'' IF AL CAPONE WERE ALIVE TODAY, THIS IS HOW HE'D BE HIDING HIS MONEY

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Costa Rica: tourist haven

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STSscot


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              June 2, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

RAIDING THE BLACK MARKET BANK;
The American authorities have swooped on what they claim is the world's biggest
money launderer. Simon Duke reports

BYLINE: Simon Duke

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1846 words


The flight from Casablanca landed on a hot spring morning at Madrid's Barajas
airport. A short, stocky man grabbed his hand luggage from the overhead bin
before ambling down the gangway towards his connecting flight to Costa Rica.

It was a journey that Arthur Budovsky had taken many times before. Morocco's
financial capital was a key staging post in the 39-year-old's global empire,
based in the idyllic Central American republic.

Last Friday, though, the trip was anything but ordinary.

Spanish police were lying in wait for the Ukraine-born Costa Rican citizen.

Following a two-year international investigation - codenamed "Arthur" - he and
an associate were quietly taken aside, handcuffed and placed under arrest.

Budovsky, who also goes by the names Arthur Belanchuk and Eric Paltz, is accused
of overseeing the biggest money laundering operation in history. American
prosecutors say his company, Liberty Reserve, was the cyberbank of choice for
internet scammers, drug dealers and child pornography peddlers wanting to
cleanse their ill-gotten gains.

The internet identity thief who stole your credit card details is likely to have
used Liberty Reserve to wash his cash, whether he was based in Basingstoke or
Ulan Bator.

Stretching from Latin America to Vietnam, Budovsky's alleged conspiracy is a
tale of breathtaking audacity and venality. Instead of exchanging suitcases full
of used banknotes in back alleys, villains could simply wire money anonymously
to accomplices over the Liberty Reserve network, which operated one of the
world's most popular digital currencies.

The "black market bank", as it has been dubbed by American prosecutors, is
accused of helping 1m users to launder more than $6bn (£4bn) in dirty money
since 2006, processing 55m illicit transactions - well over 20,000 a day.

Budovsky and his accomplices are thought to have pocketed hundreds of millions
of dollars in fees and certainly enjoyed a rock'n'roll lifestyle. Costa Rican
police impounded five luxury cars from properties connected to the ring,
including three Rolls-Royces.

Structured as a "criminal business venture", Liberty Reserve was specifically
"designed to help criminals conduct illegal transactions", said Preet Bharara,
US attorney for the southern district of New York. The authorities have begun
proceedings to extradite Budovsky from Spain.

His spectacular rise, and even more dramatic fall, highlight the explosion in
so-called virtual currencies. Bitcoins, Amazon coins and even supermarket
vouchers are little more than strings of data held on a computer server. But
they are swiftly becoming a means of exchange in the real world. It is debatable
whether watchdogs have the powers or expertise to police this booming corner of
the financial services industry. Crooks see cyberspace both as an arena for
committing crime and as a place to detoxify their dirty money.

"If Al Capone were alive today, this is how he'd be hiding his money," said
Richard Weber, head of the US Internal Revenue Service criminal investigation
division.

SETTING UP an account on Liberty Reserve was ridiculously easy. When the
American authorities opened their investigation, an undercover agent signed up
using "blatantly false information". Under an alias of "Joe Bogus", the agent
listed his address as "123 Fake Street" in "Completely Made Up City, New York".

Using the company's virtual currency, called the LR, he then made numerous money
transfers to other accounts belonging to colleagues. Attached to the payments
were memos for the recipients, including "your share of the cashout", "for ATM
skimming work" and "for the cocaine". None of this raised flags in Liberty
Reserve's system.

Knowing the identity of a customer is, perhaps, the single most important duty
placed on financial institutions.

But it was a duty that Liberty Reserve brazenly flouted, according to
prosecutors.

Among the real accounts on the service were "blatantly criminal" monikers such
as "Russia Hackers" and "Hacker Account".

The devil-may-care stance meant Liberty Reserve quickly became a
no-questions-asked alternative to the global banking system for myriad villains
across the globe. US prosecutors allege that identity thieves, credit card
hucksters, computer hackers, child pornographers and narcotics traffickers all
used the site.

According to papers for a separate legal investigation, it also played a pivotal
role in laundering $45m which had been stolen from two Middle Eastern banks.

The company operated with startling simplicity. To launder illegal loot, crooks
merely created an account, supplying a false name and address. They would then
hand over dirty cash to "exchangers" - middlemen who converted hard currency
into virtual funds, pocketing a transaction fee of as much as 5%, according to
court papers. Users could then make transfers to another Liberty Reserve
account, and convert the cybermoney back into cash.

The business even opened a digital bazaar for criminals, where illicit services
could be bought, including stolen bank account data and illegal drugs, said
prosecutors.

Countries "without significant governmental oversight or regulation" were
deliberately targeted, with Liberty opening operations in Russia, Nigeria,
Malaysia and Vietnam, the American probe found. It had accounts with banks in
other far-flung destinations, including Cyprus, Russia, China, Morocco and a
Barclays branch in Spain.

Prosecutors have so far seized $25m from 45 accounts around the world - and said
there is "more to come".

Crucially, investigators identified a money trail between accounts controlled by
the exchangers, who collected the commissions, and Budovsky and his associates.

In addition, the American investigators claim to have found the "smoking gun"
that proves the men were fully aware they were breaking the law. In an online
chat with Vladimir Kats and Ahmed Yassine Abdelghani, two of Budovsky's
associates, Abdelghani admitted the Department of Justice knew that "LR is a
money laundering operation that hackers use".

In 2011, Budovsky renounced his American citizenship. At that time, he told
immigration officials he was concerned that his company had developed software
that "might open him up to liability in the US", according to court papers.

The previous year, he secured Costa Rican citizenship after paying a street food
vendor $800 to marry him, according to local news reports. The marriage could
have been an attempt to evade US justice as Costa Rica does not have an
extradition treaty with America.

Budovsky's arrest in Spain was not the first time he had felt the long arm of
the law. In 2006 he and Kats were given five-year suspended jail sentences by a
New York court for operating an unlicensed money transmission service.

THIS TIME round, if they are convicted, Budovsky and six associates face 20
years in an American prison.

Central to the prosecution case will be mountains of electronic data gleaned
from the powerful computers that ran the Liberty Reserve empire.

The case marks the first time search warrants have been served on a "cloud"
computer network - Liberty Reserve rented servers from Amazon Web Services, a
division of the online retail giant.

Court documents contend that Amazon "managed and efficiently routed" traffic to
the Liberty website and owned and controlled many of its domain names and IP
addresses.

But the fact that virtual currencies have operated undetected for years raises
questions about the ability of the current crop of financial overseers to police
fast-growing digital alternatives to cash such as Bitcoins and even Facebook
credits.

"Regulators have been focused on battening down the financial system and have
missed a trick in what's happening on the periphery," said Chris Skinner of the
Financial Services Club think tank. Invented four years ago, Bitcoins are a form
of digital money that is gaining popularity as a means of making and receiving
payments anonymously online. Unlike the dollar and pound, whose supply has been
greatly expanded by moneyprinting central bankers, there is a strict limit on
the number of Bitcoins that can be issued. This, in theory, should preserve the
purchasing power, like gold.

But the currency has gained notoriety for the wild fluctuations in its value -
and because it is used on Silk Road, a website hidden in an obscure, anonymous
corner of the internet, where users can buy hard drugs, among other things.

The Liberty Reserve case is expected to usher in closer and continuing scrutiny
of the Bitcoin phenomenon. Earlier this month the US Department of Homeland
Security seized records from the largest of the Bitcoin exchanges - which allow
consumers to buy and sell the currency - alleging that the operation had not
been properly registered. However, the momentum behind virtual currencies is
strong, and backed by sound economic arguments.

The dollar is currently the currency of choice for online purchases but it is a
slow, messy and, above all, costly process for businesses outside the US, which
must pay foreign exchange and clearing fees.

As more and more business is done online, digital currencies will surely become
increasingly powerful.

And someone, somewhere, will have to be watching over them if these new online
money exchanges are not to become a haven for crooks.

Spotlight falls on Costa Rica The Cayman Islands and Bermuda have come under
enormous scrutiny during the furore over the tax affairs of American
multinational companies, such as Apple and Google.

But another Caribbean tax haven remained under the radar - until the scandal at
Liberty Reserve came to light last week. Once dubbed the "Switzerland of Central
America", Costa Rica has become a popular base for foreign firms operating in
the region.

It has grown into a refuge for online gambling and poker sites since an American
ban in 2006, with more than 400 virtual casinos now operating in the country.

In contrast to offshore centres such the British Virgin Islands and the Caymans,
companies that incorporate in Costa Rica enjoy tax-free trading access to the
United States and Canada.

Unlike the typical underpopulated tax haven, Costa Rica is a "real" economy with
a population of 4m and a thriving tourist industry. Nevertheless, it was
recently added to France's blacklist of 17 countries banned from receiving funds
from French banks.

Paris expressed concern over its failure to investigate foreign aid fraud and
said there was a lack of transparency in the financial system.

A recent report found that the number of suspicious financial transactions had
risen more than tenfold since 2001.

Costa Rican authorities are investigating at least 16 big cases, including
allegations that drug money is being laundered through casinos, betting houses
and even a football team.

Watchdogs in San José, the capital, allowed Liberty Reserve to operate for five
years before turning down its application for a licence. After that, the company
closed its offices but continued to run as an internet-only operation in Costa
Rica.

Costa Rica: tourist haven

'' IF AL CAPONE WERE ALIVE TODAY, THIS IS HOW HE'D BE HIDING HIS MONEY

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Costa Rica: tourist haven

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2013 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                          February 17, 2001, Saturday

Let's not romanticise the internet's power over pop Private view

BYLINE: By Ben Thompson

SECTION: Pg. 07

LENGTH: 607 words

Whatever the ultimate outcome of the Napster trial (a San Francisco court this
week closed down the US company whose technology allows people to swap music
files on the internet for free, though an appeal is pending), it's time to clean
up some of the muddy thinking that surrounds it. Not so much with regard to the
moral issue of intellectual copyright, but in the assumptions that underpin any
instinctive sympathy for the plucky anti-corporate Napsterites in their fight
with the music industry.

The much-posited notion that "the internet is the new punk" is soon destined to
follow its discredited predecessors "brown is the new black" and "poetry is the
new rock'n'roll" into the dustbin of history. For the simple reasons that true
cultural upheavals are not about delivery systems, they are about content.

And at a time when a major-label star such as Eminem is already outraging public
decency all around the globe via traditional music-industry mechanisms, selling
millions of the most audacious and challenging records imaginable to a raptly
attentive worldwide audience, you have to question exactly what the radicalising
effects of the internet are supposed to be.

On the face of it, the fact that about 90 per cent of popular music is released
under the aegis of five multinational companies would seem to render the advent
of a means of by-passing their control more than timely. But as any musician who
has worked for independent as well as major record companies will tell you, the
surviving independent sector contains - as it has always done - egotism,
venality and idealism in roughly equivalent proportions.

Furthermore, from the payola scandals that beset the rock 'n' roll radio
pioneers of the Fifties, to tireless internet propagandist Alan McGee (in his
pre-Damascene conversion days as an old-fashioned record mogul) giving a Rolls
Royce to Oasis's Noel Gallagher even though the latter couldn't even drive, the
profligacy of the music industry has formed an essential part of pop's character
from the very beginning.

What you get when you remove this filter is not so much a new dawn of unfettered
creativity as a grimly unending vista of undifferentiated data. Like the
internet without a search engine, or an A to Z without an index, the prospect of
pop music without a record industry is more living nightmare than utopian dream.
And if the only way to stop it is by charging people for making illicit CD
compilations of other people's Whitney Spears B-sides, then that is a price that
I, for one, am more than happy to pay.

It's not a matter of harking back nostalgically to the days when you had to
spend an entire Saturday getting buses across town to track down a particular
record. As anyone who has engaged in it will tell you if they are honest, the
idea that this process in itself somehow helps inculcate strength of character
is profoundly flawed. And in any case, the hormonal drives that contribute to
such socially aberrant behaviour are quite capable of adapting to new
technology.

The real issue is how to respond imaginatively to the simultaneous accessibility
of the entirety of pop history. Fetishising the supposed democratising potential
of the internet is no less bogus a response to this challenge than the Sony
Corporation going on about how the mini-disc (or the eight-track cartridge come
to that) was going to revolutionise music. As the Funboy Three and Bananarama
(and before them, Jimmie Lunceford) nearly said, but didn't quite: it ain't the
way that you do it, it's what you do.

Ben Thompson writes on pop music for The Daily Telegraph
[PS]Art and Books: [ES]

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 Telegraph Group Limited


                              671 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 9, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ESSAY;
One Blow for Truth

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section A; Page 35, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


At a birthday party for a former national security aide the other night, the
State Department spokesman Bernard Kalb was not his usual convivial self. The
''disinformation'' problem was bothering him.

He was assured that the controversy over a Reagan Administration policy
condoning deliberate deception of the American press to rattle Libya's Colonel
Qaddafi would soon blow over. It was an ''inside-the-Beltway'' story, troubling
to journalists but of little concern to a public that would soon be inundated
with reportage of a superpower summit meeting.

He agreed with that estimate of news flow and the span of attention. He loved
his opportunity to speak for his country, and his admiration for his boss,
George Shultz, seemed undiminished. Yet yesterday Bernie Kalb quit to make the
point that nobody who speaks for the United States can tolerate official lying.

What we were all missing, and what Mr. Kalb's principled resignation now
illuminates, is that the reaction on high is vastly more important than the
action down below. As usual in matters of state, the cover-up is worse than the
crime.

The wrongful act in this case was the recommendation by the national security
adviser, Adm. John Poindexter, that disinformation - the Soviet dezinformatsiya
- be adopted to rattle the Libyan dictator. Reporters trained to trust the word
of the American Government wrote stories advancing the deception.

Admiral Poindexter is an apparatchik's apparatchik; he was first in his class at
Annapolis, excelling at nuclear physics but perhaps failing to absorb enough of
the Naval Academy's central value of honor. For this reason, many were prepared
to give the Administration the benefit of the doubt: O.K., the
too-long-deskbound admiral goofed in using the incendiary word
''disinformation'' in a memo, and some White House aides became overly
enthusiastic. No policy decision to mislead the press; a case of stupidity
rather than venality.

But then Mr. Reagan decided to hang tough. So what? the President and his
Secretary of State seemed to say. We faked out the media in the good cause of
confusing our enemies, and will do it again. Serves 'em right for publishing
leaks.

At a meeting of pundits in the White House Family Theater, President Reagan was
given five specific opportunities to disavow the policy and to defuse the issue.
How easy it would have been to say ''Sure, we may keep our enemies guessing
about our intentions, but when the source of information is the U.S. Government,
you can rely on the truth.''

Instead, he bobbed and weaved and launched a petty personal attack against Bob
Woodward, the reporter who uncovered the damning memo. Mr. Reagan challenged the
veracity of the story - which was true -rather than asserting his own commitment
to truthfulness no matter what some aide says or does. In implausibly denying
the existence of a plan to use the media to scare Colonel Qaddafi, Mr. Reagan
seemed to enshrine black propaganda as policy.

Incredibly, the Secretary of State joined in. I remember sitting with George
Shultz in 1970, watching and listening to the film of the shooting at Kent
State; stunned, the former marine said ''That was a salvo.'' From the sound, he
knew an order had been given to fire at the students, and - a good
Administration soldier, but not one to march over cliffs - he would not accept
explanations that the shooting had been sporadic.

In this week's episode, he failed to grasp the significance of the President's
uncaring alignment with the totalitarian technique of disinformation. The rarest
occasions do call for a lie - denying a plan to attack terrorists in order to
save hostages, or shrugging off a likely devaluation of currency - but such
exceptions are no basis for policy.

Instead of asserting one of America's greatest strengths, Mr. Shultz spoke of
''psychological warfare'' and exhumed Churchill's wartime need for ''a bodyguard
of lies'' to hide truth from enemies. Such misjudgment served neither his
President nor his country well. Distracted by the spy-for-hostage criticism and
summit preparations, Secretary Shultz does not see that his willingness to
jettison credibility has become a low point in his stewardship at State.

Perhaps the Kalb resignation will awaken him, and through him the President, to
the values our diplomacy is supposed to advance. Brazen deception is the stock
in trade of our enemies; honesty is still our best policy. In his final official
act, Bernard Kalb rose above ''State Department spokesman'' to become the
spokesman for all Americans who respect and demand the truth.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              672 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday

Appalling portrait of leadership

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 516 words


By this point, most citizens of San Bernardino County are aware that their
government has been wracked by corruption at its highest levels.

The few who still might have harbored doubts about the corruption should have
had their naivete dashed once and for all by the Grand Jury testimony released
last week.

The Grand Jury returned a 29-count felony indictment against a local developer,
a former county supervisor and two current supervisors' former chiefs of staff
in the county's $102 million settlement with Colonies Partners LP in 2006. Bill
Postmus, the former supervisor and former assessor, has pleaded guilty in the
Colonies case and in another corruption case, and provided crucial testimony to
the Grand Jury.

Even ignoring the aspect of criminal prosecution and whether the defendants -
Jeff Burum, Paul Biane, Jim Erwin and Mark Kirk - are guilty of any or all of
the felony counts - the picture that emerges of county government leadership at
the time is disgusting.

Testimony from at least 45 witnesses paints a portrait of venality, arrogance,
weakness and vapidity among several county leaders, elected and appointed. One
thing that is hard to detect in the testimony is concern for what's best for the
county, its residents or its employees.

Instead, some county leaders appeared to care only for the interests of their
friends, their campaign donors and those who could advance their political
careers or line their pockets - and, in the case of two former supervisors,
those who appeared willing and able to crush their political careers.

Postmus has already pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe to approve the Colonies
settlement that transferred $102 million from county taxpayers to Burum's
Colonies Partners. Testimony indicates he and Biane, two of the three
supervisors who voted for the settlement, were first wined and dined and
supported politically to win their votes, and then threatened with political
destruction if they did not go along.

The two were in Colonies' corner - not the county's - during settlement
negotiations, according to testimony. Postmus says he tipped Burum and Erwin,
who was working for Burum, to the county's strategy and position as the deal was
being worked.

Supervisor Gary Ovitt, the third vote for the settlement, faces no allegations
of wrongdoing. But multiple witnesses portray him as passive and uninvolved as
Kirk, his former chief of staff, called the shots and offered assurances that
Ovitt would support the settlement when the time came.

What's perhaps most distressing is that so many high-level county officials knew
enough about what was happening with the settlement negotiations to give the
Grand Jury detailed testimony, yet none of them had come forward at the time to
blow the whistle on the way taxpayers were being betrayed.

Only the law firms the county employed - Munger, Tolles and Olson; and Jones Day
- had the integrity to say, that's enough, we're not going to abet your dirty
work. Each firm quit in turn when it saw the county preparing to give away
public money.

If only county officials had felt similar compunctions.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            April 18, 2009 Saturday

Former Lower Burrell office manager ordered to repay $12M in fraud case

BYLINE: Michael Hasch

LENGTH: 278 words


The former office manager for the chiropractor who admitted masterminding a
massive health insurance fraud case was sentenced Friday and ordered to pay more
than $12 million restitution.

Kendra Huddleston, 42, who worked at Burrell Chiropractic Clinic in Westmoreland
County, also was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Gary L. Lancaster to serve two
years in prison for her conviction of helping to defraud Highmark Blue
Cross/Blue Shield between 1995 and 2002.

Prosecutors said Huddleston supervised billing and submitted the false claims at
the direction of her boss, Dr. Douglas Henderson. She also recruited patients
for the scheme by offering them financial kickbacks as high as $70,000,
prosecutors said.

Lancaster, who ordered Huddleston to pay $12.1 million in restitution,
acknowledged that Huddleston's guilty plea and cooperation with prosecutors was
important.

However, he also said that he believed a jail sentence was required because of
the magnitude and venality of the scheme.

Huddleston, the mother of a 6-year-old who now lives in Littleton, N.C., is a
former resident of Lower Burrell.

Henderson, 47, of Lower Burrell admitted masterminding what investigators said
is the largest health insurance fraud case every prosecuted in Western
Pennsylvania.

Investigators said he devised the complex scheme that involved 31 conspirators
and insurance billings in excess of $21 million.

Thirteen other conspirators have been prosecuted. Three received prison
sentences and the others probation. They also were ordered to make varying
amounts of restitution.

In December, Lancaster sentenced Henderson to four years in prison and pay $12.1
million in restitution.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   May 23, 1995 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

IBM CHOWS DOWN;
ON ITS WORKERS

BYLINE: ROBERT RENO

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 511 words


IBM HAS PULLED off a stunning corporate turnaround. There is no question it is a
healthier company than it was five years ago. The larger question is: Is the
United States a healthier nation as a result? It is for IBM shareholders who
have seen its price come out of the ditch at 41 in 1993 to trade at around 95
last week. Per-share earnings in 1996 are expected to approach or exceed the
record set in 1984. This performance has earned immense rewards for executives
at the top.

But corporations are of social value not just as generators of wealth. They also
serve as generators of employment, which is one way wealth gets spread around.
And from its high in 1985, when IBM employed 406,000 people, the IBM workforce
has declined to 219,839. Clearly, it took the distress of an awful lot of
laid-off people, many of them middle-aged mortgage payers with children to
educate, to bring about IBM's great achievement. They aren't the ones now
counting their bonuses or realizing their capital gains, but they contributed
their very jobs to the management "miracle" that has been chiefly a miracle of
cost cutting that, of course, was no miracle at all to those who lost jobs or to
the IBM communities devastated by layoffs.

But this isn't a column about IBM's venality. An IBM with 406,000 employees in
Chapter 11 would have been no pretty sight for anybody. Still, it is worth
remembering whose loss has been IBM's gain. And it is worth asking whether IBM
employees in the future will ever again work with the same degree of loyalty and
self-confidence they gave during the years that made the company what it was and
is trying to become again.

I'm reminded of a recent speech by Felix Rohatyn, the financier, in which he
worried that "the institutional relationship created by the mutual loyalty of
employers and employees in most American businesses has been badly frayed" and
"replaced by a combination of fear for the future and a cynicism for the present
as a broad proportion of working people see themselves as simply temporary
assets to be hired or fired to 'protect the bottom line' and 'create shareholder
value.' "

What's happening, says Rohatyn, is "a huge transfer of wealth from lower-
skilled middle-class American workers to the owners of capital assets and to a
new technological aristocracy."

I don't know whether IBM executives heard Rohatyn's speech and mistook it for
advice to go out and accelerate this transfer. But that's what they did. I see
where executive secretaries at the Armonk, N.Y., headquarters of IBM are
threatened with pay cuts of up to 36 percent at the same time the company is
handing out nearly $6 million in bonuses to its senior executives in reward for
the company's improved performance. I wonder if they thought this out carefully.
A good executive secretary is one of the critical components of a successful
corporation.

Do the grandees of IBM really want to enter what could be its second golden age
with a corps of sullen and resentful secretaries sitting as gatekeepers of the
corporate suite?

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMENTARY
Robert Reno is a Newsday columnist.

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 29, 1989, Tuesday, Final Edition

Joseph Wright Alsop Jr.

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A20

LENGTH: 621 words


THE CAREER of Joseph Wright Alsop Jr., who died on Monday at the age of 78,
pretty much spanned and reflected the political half-century that ran from the
prime of Franklin D. Roosevelt until now. During that time, which was
characterized by profound political change at home and much turbulence and
bloodshed abroad, Joe Alsop, whose column appeared in this paper for two
decades, wielded enormous influence in this city -- on the institutions of
government, on individuals in high places and on the tone and culture of
political Washington. His instincts ran to strong presidential government, to a
forceful assertion of American interests overseas and to a withering contempt
for what he took to be the trivial, manufactured issues and ghastly little
venalities that seemed to preoccupy so many politicians and journalists along
the Potomac. Mr. Alsop loved to gossip and was one of that ignoble art's
world-class practitioners, but he never confused good gossip with good
journalism, with the kinds of questions a reporter or columnist (he had been
both) should be writing about.

You will read in the obituary accounts the highlights of Mr. Alsop's postwar
career -- his resolute stand against Sen. Joseph McCarthy; his fusillade of
reports that helped to bring down a defense secretary, Louis Johnson, in the
late 1940s; his involvement with John F. Kennedy's campaign; his own campaign to
preserve and strengthen the American commitment in Vietnam and to enlarge, not
decrease, defense spending in the years when both Vietnam and defense spending
had become hugely unpopular causes among his friends and colleagues. Two things
should strike you here.

One is that Joe Alsop, who, to his dying day found contemporary journalistic
anxiety about "becoming part of the political process" ludicrous, was
unabashedly engaged in the give and take of Washington politics, both in and out
of his column. He had not the slightest hesitation to advise the public people
he encountered or to taunt and denounce them as he saw fit, and in dispute he
could be brutal. The other is that Joe Alsop, paradoxically, though considered
the very embodiment of the "Washington establishment," spent much of his
personal and professional life at odds with that establishment's preferred
wisdom. He was a social and sociable man who was, simultaneously, a loner, a
fighter. In the circle in which Mr. Alsop moved, the term "Vietnam dissenter"
could most properly have been applied to one holding the position he did. Joe
Alsop had the courage of his convictions -- and he had a superabundance of both
courage and conviction.

For sheer fearlessness, nothing he did in his life could equal his striding, as
a passionate and learned amateur, into the highly credentialed and jealous realm
of the professional art historians and critics. Mr. Alsop lectured, wrote books
and articles on these subjects and otherwise blithely invited the bashing he
frequently got for having dared to venture out of his political-journalistic
setting. It didn't stop him at all, only confirmed him in his opinion of the
wrongheadedness of his critics. As the writer Larry McMurtry points out on the
opposite page today, Mr. Alsop had a huge appetite for history and literature,
all part of the man's remarkable capacity to relish life.

He had a great talent for friendship too, which, once given, knew no bounds. He
was able, always, to savor his friends' good fortune and, also, with positively
wicked abandon, his enemies' bad fortune. He was merry, merciless, cynical,
funny, surpassingly loyal and brave. He had by the end of his life become a
great, contentious Washington personage, and he will have no replacement. There
was only one Joe Alsop.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              676 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 3, 2002

Review: Classical: A night in Manchester with Pussy Galore: Halle Orchestra:
Bridgewater Hall, Manchester 4/5 stars

BYLINE: Tim Ashley

SECTION: Guardian Leader Pages, Pg. 15

LENGTH: 328 words


This should have been called My Night with Pussy Galore. Part of Carl Davis's
Halle Christmas Pops series, this Evening with 007 was planned as a musical
tribute to James Bond, but the involvement of Honor Blackman - interweaving a
history of Bond movies and memories of filming Goldfinger between chunks from
the soundtracks - ensured that the concert was more of a one-woman show.

After bonking Bond, Blackman briefly became one of the great screen icons. And
nearly 40 years after her famous grapple with Sean Connery, you still can't take
your eyes off her. The name Pussy Galore caused such outrage in the US when the
film was released in 1964 that the censors banned it. They backed down, however,
when Blackman was photographed with the Duke of Edinburgh, conferring decency on
the movie.

The raunch of the early Bond films was echoed in their music, much of it the
work of John Barry. Hearing extracts in chronological order illustrated a
weakening of impact as Barry's influence declined. The sleazy phantasmagorias of
Thunderball and Goldfinger gave way to the soft-focus gentility of Marvin
Hamlisch's score for The Spy Who Loved Me, though John Altman's music for
GoldenEye marked a return to form. The programme described Barry as "one of pop
music's most applauded arrangers", but his scores show a distinct classical
bent. From Russia with Love sounded Wagnerian on the Halle's strings, and much
of Goldfinger is pure Shostakovich.

No survey would be complete without the title songs. The task of performing
material written for artists as diverse as Shirley Bassey, Louis Armstrong, Lulu
and Aha fell to formidable cabaret singer Mary Carewe. She had fun with the
dirty lyrics of The Man with the Golden Gun, and caressed Goldfinger seditiously
rather than belting it. But Diamonds Are Forever left her stranded. She could
not capture the whorish venality that Bassey brought to the song - and I doubt
that anyone ever could.


LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              677 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 21, 1995, Tuesday, Final Edition

A New Breed of Peace Officers

Colman McCarthy

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08; COLMAN MCCARTHY

LENGTH: 782 words


For 26 years, many of them harrowing, Denis Mulcahy has served with the New York
City Police Department. An immigrant from County Cork, Ireland, he rose in the
ranks to his high-risk work as a plainclothes detective in the bomb squad.

Some periods are busier than others for Mulcahy, as in the recent stretch when
he helped secure the streets and buildings of Manhattan for Pope John Paul II
and President Clinton. As their limos rolled through town, Mulcahy could look on
his pope and president less as remote dignitaries than as leaders he had not
only met but had been honored by. In both the Vatican and White House, Mulcahy
received awards from John Paul and Clinton for his off-duty altruism as an
international peacemaker and befriender of children.

Mulcahy, 51 and the father of four, is the founder and director of Project
Children, a program that has brought 11,000 Catholic and Protestant girls and
boys from Northern Ireland to mix with each other and summer with families in
the United States.

What began with a prayer to St. Patrick and a neighborhood fund-raiser of $
1,800 to bring over six children in 1975 has flourished into a volunteer-run
enterprise in 19 states and a yearly budget of $ 500,000. In addition to papal
medals and an Oval Office visit with the president, Mulcahy ascended still
higher recently when the most knowing judges of character of all -- his police
peers -- honored him with a "Top Cop" award.

This year, the National Association of Police Organizations, a Washington-based
nonprofit representing 185,000 officers and 3,500 police unions, recognized 14
officers for their community service.

A cynic might ask, "You mean there actually are cops in America who aren't
racists like Mark Fuhrman, or hotel-wrecking drunks, or crooks on the take from
drug lords, or bullies beating or shooting innocent people?"

The labors of Denis Mulcahy and the other Top Cops offer a moment to transcend
the negativism that unfairly sullies police officers, as if the lawlessness or
venality of a rogue few represents the behavior of all.

It doesn't. But even saying that still leaves unexplored the reforms and moves
toward progressive law enforcement occurring in recent years. Few senior police
officials deny that when they started out 30 or so years ago, police departments
were isolated from their communities, hunkered down in an "us against them"
attitude and largely indifferent to the social effects of their actions.

Hubert Williams, director of the Police Foundation in Washington, a research
group begun in 1970 by the Ford Foundation, remembers the 1960s when he joined
the force as a beat cop in Newark. Departments then, he said, were plagued by
race- or gender-based problems, had their own paramilitary command structures
and were undereducated: "There was a definite bias in the 1960s against
college-educated people. In those days, college-educated cops were labeled
liberals or pinkos."

Williams, who went to college at night and then earned a law degree from Rutgers
and did graduate work in criminal justice at Harvard, documents the advances in
the educational backgrounds of the police. In 1960, 80 percent of the U.S.
police force had not been to college. By 1988, the number had decreased to 35
percent. In 1960, less than 3 percent had four or more years of college. In
1988, the number was up to 23 percent.

A better-educated police force means that those who rise to be department chiefs
understand the value of community policing, one of the newest reforms by which
officers and citizens, and citizen groups, work together locally to solve or
deter crime.

As described in 1994 by the Bureau of Justice Assistance in the Justice
Department, "community policing does not imply that the police are no longer in
authority or that the primary duty of preserving law and order is subordinated."
The goal "is to reduce crime and disorder by carefully examining the
characteristics of problems in neighborhoods and then applying appropriate
problem-solving remedies."

Detective Mulcahy of New York took this idea a bit further, by broadening the
definition of community to include the children of Northern Ireland. "These kids
have grown up in the same country with the same culture, yet they can't go into
each other's neighborhoods," he says. "When we get them over here in a group,
they automatically lean toward each other, which is a very positive thing to
see."

The goal of having people lean toward each other -- cops and citizens -- is now
at the philosophical core of American law enforcement. This has not been imposed
on the police. They have embraced it, for the public's safety and their own.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              678 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     April 13, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Pen pals in the penitentiary: Shawn Thompson's correspondence with inmates
catalogues the horrors of crime, but also moments of lucidity, intelligence and
insight

SOURCE: Special to the Sun

BYLINE: Frank Moher

SECTION: Mix; Pg. H4

LENGTH: 1728 words

It's been a bad few years for cons seeking to write their way to redemption. In
February, the once radically chic Jack Henry Abbott, author and murderer, hanged
himself in his New York State jail cell. Abbott, students of prison lit will
remember, was the hardcore bad-guy who got himself sprung from the hoosegow
after Norman Mailer helped him publish a book called In the Belly of the Beast,
and then argued for him as a good candidate for parole. Six weeks after his
release, Abbott stabbed and killed a waiter and was returned whence he came. His
death went largely unremarked upon, though his book did enjoy a nice little
boost in sales.

Then, of course, there's Stephen Reid, currently back in the slammer after a
botched bank robbery in 1999. Reid, whose first (and so far only) book was
Jackrabbit Parole, written during his previous stint in jail, had a longer run
as a free man than Abbott, and could at least claim that it was heroin, rather
than pure venality, that put him back inside.

But in the end the romantic notion that criminals reveal their true, goodly
souls in their writing once again came a cropper. Or should that be "a copper"?

So you have to wonder if now is the right time for Kamloops journalist Shawn
Thompson to write Letters from Prison (HarperCollins Canada), a compilation of
his years-long correspondence with inmates throughout Canada and the United
States. These days, we prefer our convicts neither seen (except perhaps on a
roadside chain-gang) nor heard from (as evidenced by the outcry that greeted
Reid when he took to publishing articles about his latest arrest). With the
market for their literary output at least temporarily queered, wise wiseguys
know they're better off working on their appeals than their pensees.

Thompson, however, would like us to remember that cons are still a part of our
community, whatever they may have done to betray it. The salt-and-pepper-haired
51-year-old, now a journalism instructor at the University College of the
Cariboo, first became interested in prison life as the "People" columnist at The
Kingston Whig-Standard. "I wanted to explore aspects of the city that had been
neglected or were obscure," he says, "and one of the things that interested me
in Kingston, being the kind of city it is -- the prison capital of Canada -- was
to explore a little bit behind the walls."

He went on to work as his newspaper's prison reporter, which is when he received
his basic training in dealing with the incarcerated. "I went to an aide to a
local criminal lawyer and I said 'how do I do this?' And he coached me in how to
live in that world.

"One of the basic rules is simply to be forthright and not manipulative. To be
straight, and don't be ambiguous. And once you do that you get on fairly well
with these guys.

"A number of them would refer to me as 'the straight dude' and 'the civilian'
and that kind of thing, and recognize that I had a different role to play. And
they didn't mind that."

As part of his preparation for writing Letters from Prison, Thompson arranged to
be placed in confinement in Kingston Penitentiary himself. "I'd spent whole days
inside prisons talking to prisoners and guards as a journalist," he writes, "but
I needed to be locked inside a cell in a maximum-security prison to know what it
felt like." He says the experience affected him profoundly. "It shocked me how
poorly I coped. I felt mild nausea, which led me to suspect something in the
food affected me. It was only later I realized that it was a psychological
reaction, some kind of mild depression.

"The things that I thought would pass the time easily -- the books I brought,
the journal I was writing, a camera, time to observe -- didn't help. When I came
out of the cell, it was Easter Sunday and I went to the service at the church
down the street from Kingston Penitentiary, the Church of the Good Thief.
Somehow, during that service, I felt at home among strangers.

"Then I went home to my family. The sky seemed brighter, the river more vibrant.
And that was only a weekend."

The epistolary approach of Letters from Prison was inspired by Merilyn Simonds'
The Convict Lover, a non-fiction account of the correspondence between a
prisoner in Kingston Penitentiary in 1919 and a local schoolgirl. Its origins
are instructive. In Simonds' book, the convict turns out to be a
less-than-reliable guide to his own life. He employs pseudonyms, concocts his
origins, and lies about why he's in jail. He is, in short, a con man.

Similarly, we can never be sure, reading Thompson's pen-pals, whether these are
authentic documents of prison existence, or whether they are, as one lifer wrote
of Jack Abbott's missives to Mailer, "the kind of letters somebody on the inside
writes somebody on the outside who doesn't know jack-shit about the penitentiary
and never will."

Thompson found his correspondents mostly through references from other cons,
though in one instance he placed a notice in a prisoners' newsletter.

"I started with a set of questions that ranged from the reason the person was
incarcerated, to descriptions of the cell and the prison, to questions about
pets, jokes and nature. When I saw which questions interested a person, I
followed that course. If I found a prisoner with my sense of humour, we went in
that direction. If I found a prisoner with my intellectual interests, we went in
that direction.

"And by asking them what they were convicted of, I was able to see which ones
hemmed and hawed."

Hemming and hawing set off his reporter's b.s. detector. As did lying:
"Convictions are easy to check, particularly with inmates in the States. You can
get that information on the Internet."

For the most part, the letters he has gathered in his book convince through
sheer force of detail. Charles Huckelbury, an old-school jailbird doing time in
New Hampshire, writes of his introduction to solitary confinement with a laconic
eye that suggests he could be working in journalism himself. "The day was a
stormy one, and I arrived late in the afternoon. I was immediately put in a cell
that had two inches of water on the floor. The only furnishings in the cell were
a metal bed welded to the wall, a filthy toilet, and a sink clogged with dirt
and hair. The mattress on the bunk had been eviscerated, the stuffing gaping
from a slit that ran the length of the mattress. I was given no linen and no
clothing other than what I was wearing. About two hours later an orderly brought
me dinner, what purported to be beans and franks, but what was in reality about
six ounces of cold white beans that had congealed so that I could turn the tray
on its edge and the mass would not move."

At another point in their correspondence, Thompson asks "Huck" if he's ever read
Huckleberry Finn. He has, and rejects the easy association: "I'm afraid I'm not
the outlaw Huck Finn was; my crime lacks any sort of philosophical underpinning
and was wholly inexcusable." (Charles Huckelbury is in jail for first-degree
murder; his parole board, he tells Thompson, "reviewed my case and decided that
twenty-five years was not enough. They extended my parole date by fifteen more
years.")

Other inmates are plainly incapable of guile. A resident of a prison mental
hospital in Illinois writes: "Dear Mr. Shawn Thompson, (Sir): I am a beginning
wanna be Author. But, I want Authorship something bad. It burns feverishly in my
soul to write. . . . However, these are my three handicaps: #1 My typewriter is
aging fast. #2 One of the problems with the typewriter is it only has a
sixty-thousand-word spellchecker. #3 I am bipolar."

But other letters are packed with the sort of hubris that no doubt landed their
authors in the clink in the first place. A bank robber in a Canadian
penitentiary explains his modus operandi: "I never, ever panic, no matter what
the stimuli. Inside, I may feel tense, my mind may be racing, but it races in a
very organized fashion. I see things in 3-D when there's a problem. That is, I
can visualize many aspects to a problem as though they had a physical dimension
within my mind."

He doesn't explain why, if he's so accomplished, he's spent 14 of the last 19
years in prison.

Thompson says he was often caught off guard by his correspondents' replies. "I
never knew what they would say and the book gets some of its energy from that
serendipity. It was as though the experience was in control and I was along for
the ride. The intricate stories about how the prisoners made pets out of mice,
bats, lizards, and insects were a surprise, and, I must admit, it was unexpected
when a number of them made uncanny observations about me" -- including, no
doubt, the female convict in Florida who gave him hell for supposing his
three-day experiment in jail-living would really teach him what an inmate's
existence is like.

In all, Thompson corresponded with some 130 prisoners, and even now has a stack
of 20 letters sitting on his desk in Kamloops waiting to be answered. But while
the project may have left him with better inside sources than any other reporter
on the continent, it did not teach him anything he didn't already know about the
failures of our criminal justice system.

"Before I started the book, I was schooled in what to expect during the five
months I covered the Arbour inquiry in 1995 and then went inside prison as a
reporter. There's a study that shows prison actually produces slight increases
in recidivism. Of course, prisoners have been saying the same thing for years
and writing books about it. So the facts are out there, but facts don't move
people. I went after the kinds of experiences underneath the facts that can move
hearts and minds.

"I've worked hard not to romanticize the prisoners. As a society we tend to both
romanticize and demonize them. It's so much a part of popular culture.

"For myself, I've tried to steer down the dead centre -- to not ignore the
dysfunctional aspects of prison, to not ignore the horror of crime, but at the
same time not to ignore moments of lucidity, moments of lyricism, moments of
intelligence, moments of insight."

Letters from Prison offers plenty of all of those -- it's a book that Norman
Mailer, and perhaps even Jack Henry Abbott, might have learned something from.

Frank Moher is a playwright and journalist living on Gabriola Island.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Satanic drawing on an envelope from Michael Ivie, an inmate in
an Arizona state prison.; Photo: Shawn Thompson, Special to the Vancouver Sun; A
letter from an inmate (left) bears the image of a tiger.; Photo: Shawn Thompson,
Special to the Vancouver Sun; Shawn Thompson's journal (above) in his cell at
Kingston Penitentiary

TYPE: Crime; Review

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                                 July 20, 2009

Commentary: Livin' the dream (city)

BYLINE: John Hazlehurst

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 357  words


After months of hype and hundreds of column inches of high-minded rhetoric, the
Gazette's 'Dream City' project culminated with a much-touted meeting at Coronado
High School.

Three hundred people showed up - an impressive turnout for an earnest few hours
of community-minded heavy liftin', especially on a radiant Saturday morning.

I didn't go - too busy riding my bike, caring for my ancient dog, weeding the
garden and riding up to Cripple Creek in our snazzy li'l black roadster.

The bike ride was absurdly perfect. The roads to and around the Garden of the
Gods were  uncrowded, passing motorists were courteous, and the Garden was, as
always, transcendently beautiful.

The dog was happy and the drive to the Creek, top down in the mountain cool,
couldn't have been better-and we even won a few bucks at our favorite casino.

So let's see - I ditched Dream City because I feel like I live in dream city.

Maybe I'm just a small-town simpleton, but the city seems pretty close to
perfect just the way it is.

Most of the people I know, regardless of political affiliation, feel the same
way.  They complain about the politics of the daily, or about the mayor's
apparent venality or about the incompetence of local governments - but they stay
put.

A friend who lives in Kentucky and does business in Colorado Springs put it this
way.

"Everyone I talk to in Colorado Springs says it's a great place, and they never
want to leave.   Actually, we're trying to figure out how to move there
ourselves..."

I admire the folks who have worked so hard on Dream City and upon similar,
parallel efforts.   They usually preface any discussion by saying "This is a
great place, but we can make it even better. "

Can we?  Maybe we'll just screw it up.   Would you say of the Mona Lisa "Great
painting!  But a little touching up would make it even better. "

As the great conservative Edmund Burke once said, "If it is not necessary to
change, then it is necessary not to change. "

Perfection, or even near perfection, can't be improved on.

Although maybe we could paint the Garden of the Gods a fetching shade of
pink-those salmon-colored rocks are so 19th century!



LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                            May 02, 2001, Wednesday

Double standards set tone for Beijing bid

BYLINE: By PAUL HAYWARD

SECTION: Pg. 35

LENGTH: 899 words

SHAN CHENGFENG must have known what the knock on the door meant two weeks after
she urged the International Olympic Committee to put pressure on the Chinese
government to release her husband and other dissidents. Sure enough, according
to the Hong Kong-based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy, Shan
was carted off to a labour camp for "disturbing social order".

She was also "disturbing" Beijing's bid to host the 2008 Games, the warm
favourites in a multi-billion dollar race between the Chinese capital and Paris,
Osaka, Istanbul and Toronto. Shan's seizure by police in the city of Yiaoshan
sprung to mind when Hein Verbruggen, the head of the IOC's bid inspection
committee, told an audience in Paris recently: "We should not bring political
factors into our evaluation."

The ghosts of Tiananmen Square will chuckle at that. If anyone other than the
IOC told you that politics should be kept out of sport you might start to
believe it. But then you recall that the 'Lords of the Rings' found so much
corruption in their ranks three years ago that they were forced to stop their
own members going on jaunts to bidding cities. And let's not get started on the
2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, for which over pounds 700,000 worth of
cash, gifts, scholarships and other inducements were flying about.

IOC president Juan Antonio Samaranch's spin doctors called this "a crisis with a
positive outcome" and set in motion "a huge programme of transformation and
reform". There were four resignations, six expulsions and 10 official warnings.
The IOC began publishing their accounts, and set up a so-called ethics
commission and the World Anti-Doping Agency. All this under duress from the
United States, where a posse of congressmen threatened the IOC's existence by
exposing institutionalised venality.

No, the idea that the IOC are a kind of sporting Switzerland - neutral and
idealistic at all times - looks thin when you consider that each of the
top-level sponsorships for 2005-08 could be worth pounds 70 million to the
Olympic family. It is reasonable to assume that Coca-Cola, McDonald's, Visa and
IBM might like to sail their corporate Mayflower into a relatively unexplored
market of 1.2 billion souls, or at least have some kind of say when the 126 IOC
members choose the venue for 2008 on July 13.

If there is a case for awarding the Games to Beijing, we are entitled to hear it
without having to endure all that silly rhetoric about politics being kept out
of sport. Were the two kept separate when apartheid was strangling South Africa,
the Americans organised a boycott of the 1980 Moscow Games, or when ethnic
cleansing was sweeping through the Balkans? Of course not, which is why Shan
Chengfeng and her friends are entitled to bring human rights into the 2008
debate without having Mr Verbruggen telling them that political blindfolds must
be worn for the vote.

Grotesque though it sounds, the Chinese are planning to use Tiananmen Square as
part of the route for the marathon and other non-stadium events. The IOC, who
like to add a new sport every four years, are bound to face questions about
whether synchronised tank-manoeuvring will be added to the schedule for 2008.
Who, apart from the perpetrators of the massacre, will be able to watch Olympic
cyclists hurtle through the Square without imagining student bikes crushed under
tanks?

Shan's labour camp is bound to be pressed into national service. Beijing are
promising to spend pounds 14 billion on "one of the greatest building projects
undertaken in China since the construction of the Great Wall".

There are two schools on whether the IOC should make the leap it so nearly made
in 2000. (And who can forget Samaranch's face when Sydney pipped Beijing by two
votes?) The Sebastian Coe line, as argued in these pages, is that the Olympics
would probably hasten the demise of totalitarianism in China and break down the
ideological Great Wall. That makes sense, so long as Beijing is made to pay for
the privilege of staging the Games by promising to uphold the simplest human
rights - which aren't mentioned among the 18 "themes" which the evaluators are
asked to look at, but are enshrined in the IOC's own charter.

If the IOC want to reward the people who threw Shan Chengfeng in jail for trying
to get her husband out, then so be it. But they cannot expect the rest of us to
keep quiet about the real reasons for them wanting to open up a vast new Olympic
market. Any organisation which is capable of selling its own television rights
for a single Olympiad for pounds 1.1 billion is inherently political. And, if
sport and politics didn't mix, Samaranch would presumably not have written to
the leaders of North and South Korea, urging them to field a joint delegation in
the opening ceremony at Sydney as "a sign to all the world that the desire of
the two Koreas is to unify the country".

Wading into politics is fine, in other words, if it helps the president look
statesmanlike, but not if it gets the human rights groups on your back. The
Chinese are holding on to the US spy plane which collided with one of their
fighters, killing the pilot. What are the chances of it being released before
the Moscow vote to stop American congressmen sabotaging Beijing's bid?

Politics. It's all politics, and they should stop insulting our intelligence by
pretending otherwise.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 Telegraph Group Limited


                              681 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           January 18, 2000, Tuesday

PATT MORRISON / SYMBOLIC ABSOLUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 686 words


Feel better now? Did a few minutes of gazing at Rorschach blots, a few hours of
couch confessionals about Mom and Dad, a few history lessons on Martin Luther
King Jr. and Susan B. Anthony and Cesar Chavez make John Rocker into a new man,
a better man?

I'm not asking Rocker.

Nor am I asking those who took offense at the Atlanta Braves pitcher's
Neanderthalisms about minorities and homosexuals and women and foreigners and
New Yorkers - did I leave out anyone? Who wouldn't take it personally, when a
man who never met you can't stand you?

I put the question to those who applauded when Rocker was ordered to undergo
psychological testing. After all, a bigmouth bigot who seethes with such disdain
has to have a screw loose, right?

Perhaps. But this is not like rehabilitating a player with a torn rotator cuff
on his throwing arm. This has a whiff of the gulag about it, a tinge of
re-education camps, of the old Soviet "mental hospitals" whose "patients" were
political dissidents.

What is America if not a place where any boy can grow up to be a dumb-as-mud
jerk? And so John Rocker has.

And what is America if not a place where the rest of us can choose to have
nothing to do with such a man? Not inviting him to dinner if he's a neighbor,
not cheering his team if he's an athlete.

Does anyone believe that pro sports is lying awake nights worrying about the
mental welfare of John Rocker? Pro sports has demonstrated a relaxed sense of
outrage about its wife-beaters and coked-up brawlers who get busted on Friday
and suit up on Sunday without any evident dent in team profits. But if John
Rocker's big mouth stands to cost them big bucks, then John Rocker's mouth must
be curbed. It isn't about morality. It's about venality - box office, baby, box
office.

About the same time that Rocker was playing equal-opportunity offender, the
Directors Guild of America, after nearly 50 years of bestowing a career
achievement award named for silent film pioneer D.W. Griffith, decided to rename
its honor.

Griffith is credited with creating the close-up, the location shoot, the editing
techniques of cross-cutting and fade-outs. He directed Orphans of the Storm and
Intolerance and Hearts of the World and the film Broken Blossoms, in which a
young woman terrorized by her brute of a father is loved tenderly by a Chinese
man - an interracial romance, imagine!

But in this year of grace 2000, Griffith's name is being removed from the award
because his 1915 movie The Birth of a Nation has some of the most horrid images
of black Americans ever to appear on film.

All this merely dithers at the suburbs of the nation's true difficulties. In the
absence of meaningful politics and meaty debate, we piggyback social discourse
onto life's electives, like sports and movies, using them as substitutes for
getting at the real thing, and congratulating ourselves for it.

Send John Rocker to a shrink. Expunge Griffith's name from an award. A fine
day's work, no? We sure took care of racism, didn't we?

Somewhere along the line we came to look upon history - last week's, or last
century's - as a pencil sketch, to be erased or redrawn if it doesn't suit us.
If it isn't there, it didn't happen.

But how can we know whether we are better, if we can't see how we were worse?
Wiping it out, banning race-ridden language in Huckleberry Finn, altering the
caricatures of Oliver Twist also obliterates the mile markers of progress. A
John Rocker is useful in reminding us that a couple of decades ago, his
bleatings would have troubled almost no one.

A lot of us, I suspect, would not have liked our great-grandparents' thinking or
their politics; our great-grandchildren may very likely find us to be hopelessly
backward.

And, in centuries to come, who knows but that the aliens who emigrate from other
galaxies to Planet Earth will be disgusted by Steven Spielberg's depiction of
them as squat, waddling and wrinkled, and demand that the Academy melt down his
Oscars?

Patt Morrison is a Los Angeles Times columnist and commentator on National
Public Radio's Morning Edition.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              682 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    October 29, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

"I'm A Uniter, Not A Divider"; Bush Talks About Rising Above It All. But That's
No Way to Govern

Rich Lowry

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1299 words


George W. Bush recently admitted that he would have to wait to "change the tone"
of American politics until after the election--he has a campaign to win, after
all. So, after having dispatched Al Gore as an "old-style, big-government
Democrat" whose policies threaten the economy, insult the intelligence of
average Americans and represent a sellout to special interests, Bush will roll
up his sleeves and work with Democrats Dick Gephardt and Charlie Rangel in a
cozy atmosphere of bipartisan comity.

Right. That scenario is obviously an illusion. But it's an illusion with deep
wellsprings in the contemporary American imagination. Every time Bush talks of
being a "uniter, not a divider," he taps into a persistent anti-political
temptation in our public life.

This was the impulse that helped fuel the compelling maverick campaigns of Ross
Perot, Jesse Ventura and John McCain. But more fundamentally, it threatens the
vitality of American politics, by imposing on it a relentlessly fuzzy and
anodyne tone inimical to serious argument (which is reflected in attempts to
limit political spending and ads).

It's a tendency Bush shouldn't be reinforcing, and he will regret it if he's
elected. Because politics--and the division and argument that come with
it--doesn't go away at the end of a campaign.

There may be sound tactical reasons for Bush's "uniter" rhetoric at the moment.
It is an implicit criticism of President Clinton, whose "war room" mentality and
personal behavior have done their share to create poisonous controversies in
Washington. It also distances him from former House speaker Newt Gingrich,
serving as a signal to Democrats that there's no reason to be too excited about
defeating him. But Bush often reveals the underlying premise of his rhetoric--an
aversion to political activity itself. Referring to health care in the third
presidential debate, he said, "There's a lot of bickering in Washington, D.C.
It's kind of like a political issue, as opposed to a people issue." In his
latest stump speech, he criticizes Gore on Social Security for taking "the
political way." This isn't just lazy phrase-making. It is a calculated appeal to
the notion that it is possible to escape from politics.

Perot championed this idea in his 1992 and 1996 presidential runs, suggesting
that all that stood in the way of Americans getting "under the hood" to fix the
nation's problems without the grubby bother of politics was the venality of the
parties. Ventura, author of the modestly titled "Do I Stand Alone? Going to the
Mat Against Political Pawns and Media Jackals," operates under a similar
conceit, suggesting that the arguments in Washington are meaningless squabbles.
McCain, who wrinkles his nose at partisanship, was this year's paladin of the
anti-political sensibility.

The campaign finance "reform" that all three of these mavericks support is of a
piece with this sensibility. Many of the reform proposals, especially a ban on
"soft money," the large, relatively unregulated donations to political parties,
would serve to crimp the parties, the very incubators of politics. Campaign
finance legislation, by partly de-funding politics, would make for less of it.

A glimpse of the future envisioned is this year's New York Senate race. It
features one of the most ideologically divisive figures in the nation, but
Hillary Rodham Clinton and Rick Lazio have conspired to try to keep outside
interest groups from airing political ads, from making public arguments,
from--in short--creating more politics.

One goal of the Clinton-Lazio soft-money ban has been to tamp down on "negative"
advertising. A key assumption of the anti-politicos is that negativism is an
unhealthy force that should be hunted down and driven from public life. This,
again, bespeaks a distaste for all political argument, because it is impossible
to make a case for one set of policies without at least implicitly criticizing
another.

The tendency to shun argument is so powerful in our culture because, as Alan
Wolfe has pointed out in his book, "One Nation, After All," tolerance has become
the nation's prime virtue. Tolerance pervades the land like the poppies outside
Oz, soothing and soporific, keeping anyone from speaking too loudly or staking
too firm a position on anything. A firm position might smack of judgment, and
judgmentalism is the nation's cardinal sin. What was perhaps most disturbing
about the impeachment controversy was the public's seeming impatience with
having to pay attention and decide.

Ultimately, one can't dispense with politics without jettisoning self-government
as well. Politics is inevitable--because ambition, malice and disagreement are
inevitable. The Framers, keen students of human nature, understood this. So they
built the world's sturdiest vehicle of self-government on the assumption of
constant faction and contention. Our contemporary maverick anti-politicians are
operating, whether they know it or not, on the basis of a different idea of
human nature, one that assumes sweetness and consensus await us after some
fine-tuning of the system or a burst of good intentions. But the only way to
have less contention and argument is to have less involvement by ordinary people
and interest groups--one of the effects of campaign finance reform. This is why
there is the slightest whiff of the authoritarian to most mavericks, especially
Perot, who seemed to think that we would all get along better if we just shut up
and let him get to work "under the hood."

American politics is a little like Hegel's history, lurching forward on the
strength of division and fights. Take the recent career of two "wedge issues":
crime and welfare. For 30 years, Republicans used these issues to divide
Democrats from their base voters and beat them in elections. They were political
issues, divisive issues, and--not coincidentally--winning issues. After three
decades of losing because of them, Democrats decided to get on board. Welfare
reform and successful crime control policies--now supported by both parties in
an orgy of bipartisanship--are perhaps the most significant public policy
accomplishments of the last decade. Division came first, consensus later. Three
cheers for "wedge issues"!

Bush's "uniter" rhetoric bucks against these hard facts of political life, but
at the moment it is contradicted by almost everything else he says. Since only a
member of the Assad family wins 90 percent of the vote, elections as we know
them are about dividing the electorate and winning at least 51 percent of it.
And since fear and loathing are basic human motivators, scaring people about the
other candidate is an important tool to getting there.

So, Bush may say that he comes not to bury Caesar, but to unite him with Brutus
once and for all in a warm bath of good feeling. But at every campaign stop he
rips Gore as a threat to Americans' pocketbooks and way of life. Bush is
dividing, just as fast and hard as he can. He says now that it will be different
once he's president, but his "uniter" dream will have to be deferred then as
well.

As president, Bush's father made the mistake of thinking that politics ended
once it came time to govern. As a consequence, George Mitchell, under no such
illusion, shrewdly maneuvered every day in his position as Senate majority
leader to help ensure that the elder Bush served only one term. Now, if elected,
George W. may succeed, for instance, in passing a Social Security reform that
will shift a key New Deal program to a more conservative political course. But
he won't do it without becoming red of tooth and claw.

The sooner a President George W. Bush begins to argue with Dick Gephardt, the
better.


Rich Lowry is editor of National Review.







LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, dave jonason for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              683 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 14, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Books in Brief: FICTION & POETRY

BYLINE: By SCOTT MARTELLE

SECTION: Section 7;   Page 19;   Column 1;   Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 253 words



A PLACE CALLED FREEDOM
By Ken Follett.
Crown, $25.

With this depiction of life and love in Scotland, England and Virginia, Ken
Follett continues his transformation from an author of spy thrillers to a
creator of lukewarm historical romances. The story follows Malachi (Mack) McAsh,
whose burning drive for personal freedom springs him from slavery in the
Jamisson family coal mines. In such a book, the hero must be lowborn but
handsome, so of course Mack is. He's also attracted to Lizzie Hallim, a
fire-spitting member of the Scottish gentry, but naturally he can't have her.
What, after all, is historical romance without unattainable love? Mack escapes
from Scotland to London and eventually finds work on the docks unloading coal
boats in conditions nearly as oppressive as those in the mines. So he organizes
the laborers, takes them out on strike and shuts down London. This won't do, so
the opportunistic ne'er-do-well Jay Jamisson, now Lizzie's husband, leads a
conspiracy that ends in Mack's deportation as a convict to Jamisson's Virginia
tobacco plantation, where the proprietor's venality and ineptitude further roil
the plot. It's no surprise, though, that after the obligatory chase scene --
imagine Steve McQueen on horseback -- and a bit of help from some justice-loving
Indians, all turns out right in the end. Throw in a couple of ripped bodices,
some self-serving rogues and capitalists and a street urchin desperately seeking
a family, and the formula is complete.   SCOTT MARTELLE

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              684 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 12, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

R.E.M. records challenge to rap

BYLINE: by Chris Dafoe TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 788 words


"The world is collapsing around our ears,"

- R.E.M. "Radio Song"

These must be strange days for R.E.M., the Athens, Ga. quartet that releases its
tenth album, Out Of Time, to stores today.

Once the biggest fish in the small pond of the American rock underground, R.E.M.
has since broken through with two hit records, 1987's Document and 1988's Green.
Along the way, the band has been embraced by the mainstream to such a degree
that the release of Out Of Time has been anticipated as one of rock's few
chances to break the stranglehold of rappers and dance-pop artists on the top of
the sales charts.

It was apparent during the band's last tour that R.E.M. wasn't entirely
comfortable with its new-found stardom. The 1989 shows seemed designed to
confound those new converts who had lifted the band from cult status; skipping
their major hits, R.E.M. dotted the set with obscure covers and playful stage
announcements as singer Michael Stipe played the role of art-damaged elf to the
extreme.

And now, with Out Of Time, - a title suggestive of (take your pick)
timelessness, the end of an era or a pillaging of the past - the band has
rebelled against stardom again with an album that reforges the distinctive - and
much copied - style that brought it success as it draws on a veritable
(beggar's) banquet of pop styles.

That the contrary spirit that informed the 1988 tour is alive and well becomes
apparent in the lead track of Out Of Time, "Radio Song".

Like the band's breakthrough single, 1987's "The One I Love", "Radio Song" is a
catchy slice of radio pop that at least seems to be about the radio. But where
the earlier hit hooked deejays with the come-on of the chorus - "This one goes
out to the one I love," with its echo of late-night requests and dedications,
was the sort of self-reflexive line most programmers found irresistible, even in
the face of Stipe's opaque lyrics - "Radio Song" wants, as Elvis Costello once
sang, to bite the hand that feeds it.

Swinging between funky diatribe and gentle lament, the song is a pointed
critique of the venality and triviality of pop radio from singer Michael Stipe
and guest rapper KRS-1 that, ironically, would sound great on the radio.

The introduction of rap is not the only change R.E.M has made on Out Of Time.
Until now a classic, self-contained four-piece rock group, R.E.M. has filled the
studio with friends and acquaintances in making Out Of Time, among them former
dBs1guitarist Peter Holsapple (who plays on six of the album's 11 tracks),
B-52s' singer Kate Pierson (who sings with Stipe on three songs) and string
arranger Mark Bingham.

Along with the expanded cast has come an more expansive sound. While some things
haven't changed - Peter Buck's simple, evocative guitar figures still go around
in jangly circles, followed closely by Stipe's cryptic lyrics - there's been a
broadening of R.E.M.'s trademark guitar pop with the addition of strings,
saxophone and organ, and with the off-hand introduction of musical references to
everyone from the Turtles (check out the harmonies on "Near Wild Heaven") and
John Cale (whose Velvet Underground-era monologues are echoed by Stipe on
"Belong") to the B-52s (whose Day-Glo energy marks the Pierson-Stipe duet "Shiny
Happy People").

Out Of Time also sees a move away from the political territory the band marked
out on Document and Greenin favor of what Stipe describes as love songs (and
given the tangle of lyrics, we're going to have to take his word on that one.)

The move to more traditional pop themes and the musical echoes that fill Out Of
Time might lead one to believe R.E.M. has grown cautious, and perhaps it has.
But more than that, Out Of Time sounds like a search for some lost pop
innocence, for a time when a song coming out of a radio could mean everything
and nothing, when music could offer a self-contained world, a refuge from the
ordinariness of day to day life instead of pitch for a soft drink.

That search seems reflected, on one hand, in the vague sense of sadness and
disillusionment that runs through songs such as "Losing My Religion", "Low",
"Half A World Away" and "Me In Honey", and on the other in the utopian giddiness
that colors "Shiny Happy People" and in the fragile beauty of the wordless
"Endgame".

Like most of the musical trips R.E.M. has taken its listeners on over the past
10 years, the search on Out Of Time has no clear conclusions: I challenge anyone
to tell me exactly what any of these songs mean or if meaning is even the point.
But, like the best of those trips, it rewards repeated listenings, offering
tantalizing hints, just-buried hooks, sweet harmonic seduction and tiny
epiphanies as it draws you in and away.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Athens, Ga. rockers R.E.M., once darlings of American undergound
music, release their eagerly anticipated tenth album, Out Of Time,

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              685 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 12, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

R.E.M. records challenge to rap

BYLINE: by Chris Dafoe TORONTO STAR

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 789 words


   "The world is collapsing around our ears,"

- R.E.M. "Radio Song"

These must be strange days for R.E.M., the Athens, Ga. quartet that releases its
tenth album, Out Of Time, to stores today.

Once the biggest fish in the small pond of the American rock underground, R.E.M.
has since broken through with two hit records, 1987's Document and 1988's Green.
Along the way, the band has been embraced by the mainstream to such a degree
that the release of Out Of Time has been anticipated as one of rock's few
chances to break the stranglehold of rappers and dance-pop artists on the top of
the sales charts.

It was apparent during the band's last tour that R.E.M. wasn't entirely
comfortable with its new-found stardom. The 1989 shows seemed designed to
confound those new converts who had lifted the band from cult status; skipping
their major hits, R.E.M. dotted the set with obscure covers and playful stage
announcements as singer Michael Stipe played the role of art-damaged elf to the
extreme.

And now, with Out Of Time, - a title suggestive of (take your pick)
timelessness, the end of an era or a pillaging of the past - the band has
rebelled against stardom again with an album that reforges the distinctive - and
much copied - style that brought it success as it draws on a veritable
(beggar's) banquet of pop styles.

That the contrary spirit that informed the 1988 tour is alive and well becomes
apparent in the lead track of Out Of Time, "Radio Song".

Like the band's breakthrough single, 1987's "The One I Love", "Radio Song" is a
catchy slice of radio pop that at least seems to be about the radio. But where
the earlier hit hooked deejays with the come-on of the chorus - "This one goes
out to the one I love," with its echo of late-night requests and dedications,
was the sort of self-reflexive line most programmers found irresistible, even in
the face of Stipe's opaque lyrics - "Radio Song" wants, as Elvis Costello once
sang, to bite the hand that feeds it.

Swinging between funky diatribe and gentle lament, the song is a pointed
critique of the venality and triviality of pop radio from singer Michael Stipe
and guest rapper KRS-1 that, ironically, would sound great on the radio.

The introduction of rap is not the only change R.E.M has made on Out Of Time.
Until now a classic, self-contained four-piece rock group, R.E.M. has filled the
studio with friends and acquaintances in making Out Of Time, among them former
dBs1guitarist Peter Holsapple (who plays on six of the album's 11 tracks),
B-52s' singer Kate Pierson (who sings with Stipe on three songs) and string
arranger Mark Bingham.

Along with the expanded cast has come an more expansive sound. While some things
haven't changed - Peter Buck's simple, evocative guitar figures still go around
in jangly circles, followed closely by Stipe's cryptic lyrics - there's been a
broadening of R.E.M.'s trademark guitar pop with the addition of strings,
saxophone and organ, and with the off-hand introduction of musical references to
everyone from the Turtles (check out the harmonies on "Near Wild Heaven") and
John Cale (whose Velvet Underground-era monologues are echoed by Stipe on
"Belong") to the B-52s (whose Day-Glo energy marks the Pierson-Stipe duet "Shiny
Happy People").

Out Of Time also sees a move away from the political territory the band marked
out on Document and Greenin favor of what Stipe describes as love songs (and
given the tangle of lyrics, we're going to have to take his word on that one.)

The move to more traditional pop themes and the musical echoes that fill Out Of
Time might lead one to believe R.E.M. has grown cautious, and perhaps it has.
But more than that, Out Of Time sounds like a search for some lost pop
innocence, for a time when a song coming out of a radio could mean everything
and nothing, when music could offer a self-contained world, a refuge from the
ordinariness of day to day life instead of pitch for a soft drink.

That search seems reflected, on one hand, in the vague sense of sadness and
disillusionment that runs through songs such as "Losing My Religion", "Low",
"Half A World Away" and "Me In Honey", and on the other in the utopian giddiness
that colors "Shiny Happy People" and in the fragile beauty of the wordless
"Endgame".

Like most of the musical trips R.E.M. has taken its listeners on over the past
10 years, the search on Out Of Time has no clear conclusions: I challenge anyone
to tell me exactly what any of these songs mean or if meaning is even the point.
But, like the best of those trips, it rewards repeated listenings, offering
tantalizing hints, just-buried hooks, sweet harmonic seduction and tiny
epiphanies as it draws you in and away.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Athens, Ga. rockers R.E.M., once darlings of American undergound
music, release their eagerly anticipated tenth album, Out Of Time,pop;
recording; review

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              686 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 12, 2014 Friday
                                Regional Edition

The arrogance of liberal elites

BYLINE: Michael Gerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 777 words


Jonathan Gruber - the source of more smoking guns than the battle of Gettysburg
- recently appeared before a hostile House committee. The good professor, you
might recall, is an MIT economist who played a significant (and paid) role in
producing and defending the Affordable Care Act. He also later admitted, in an
astonishing variety of settings, that the law was written in a "tortured way" to
hide tax increases and other flaws. "Lack of transparency," he cheerfully
conceded, "is a huge political advantage. And basically, call it the stupidity
of the American voter or whatever, but basically that was really, really
critical to getting the thing to pass."

At the hearing, some Republicans seemed oddly focused on Gruber's profit motive,
as though a real scandal must involve venality. Democrats attempted to salvage
the credibility of Obamacare by throwing the witness to the wolves. Rep. Elijah
Cummings  declared Gruber's past statements "disrespectful," "insulting,
"stupid" and "absolutely stupid."

But the problem for Democrats is that Gruber is not stupid. By all accounts, he
is knowledgeable, candid and willing, on occasion, to criticize the Obama
administration - an advocate for Obamacare without being a shill. But he is
perfectly representative of a certain approach to politics that is common in
academic circles, influential in modern liberalism and destructive to the
Democratic Party.

"My own inexcusable arrogance," Gruber told the committee, "is not a flaw in the
Affordable Care Act." Oh, yes it is.

Many academic liberals have fully internalized the "What's the Matter with
Kansas?" theory, given vivid expression by Thomas Frank. In its simplified
version (and there is seldom any other kind), this is the argument that people
who are suffering from economic inequality should naturally vote Democratic. But
they often get distracted by the shiny objects of the culture war and tricked
into resentment against liberal elites.

It's a very short step from this belief to its more muscular corollary: Liberal
elites (through liberal politicians) should constructively mislead Americans.
The task of persuasion is pretty nigh hopeless, given the unfortunate "stupidity
of the American voter or whatever." So the people must be given what they need,
even if they don't want it.

This involves a very high regard for policy experts and a very low opinion of
the political profession. Gruber clearly views his own world of policy as a
place of idealism and integrity. Politics, in contrast, is a realm where "lack
of transparency" and "mislabeling" are sad necessities to persuade
low-information voters to pursue their own interests. Purposely employing such
tactics in an academic paper, for example, would be a scandal (and presumably a
firing offense) at Gruber's Massachusetts Institute of Technology. But liberal
academics expect politicians to have greater cunning and lower standards. In
fact, academics depend upon the rougher talents of politicians to turn their
ideas into reality.

Politics, in this view, is the grubby business of winning in order to put the
proper technocrats in charge of large, complex systems. This assumes that
academic and bureaucratic elites know how to run the world. It also relegates
politicians to the job of doing their blocking and tackling, even if involves
deception. The moral goal justifies it all. "Look," said Gruber, "I wish . . .
we could make it all transparent, but I'd rather have this law than not."

This reflects a deeper tension within progressivism - working itself out for
more than a century - between a belief in democracy and a faith in expertise.
Progressives originally assumed the people would choose to be ruled by experts -
that more direct democracy would lead to more professional administration. But
that now seems politically naive. So progressive elites are left believing that
the people are stupid and must be managed, like everything else, in the public
interest.

The success of this kind of progressivism depends on not being too obvious about
it. Which is where Obamacare has utterly failed. With its self-evidently false
promises - you can keep your current health-care plan - and its public displays
of incompetence, the system has become a symbol of progressive arrogance. This
perception has helped spark a massive, sustained populist reaction, contributing
to dramatic GOP gains in Congress and state legislatures.

This does not mean that Obamacare will be easily undone. But it does provide
conservatives an opportunity to present a different, more idealistic vision of
government: one that enables and empowers, not misleads and controls.

michaelgerson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              July 28, 2000 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Watching the defectives

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 447 words


Ruby's American Pie, 8pm, ABC: Ruby Wax takes her Chevvy to the levee in search
of down home folks in the Appalachians ... people like Betty Johnson who
cheerfully regales Ruby with a home video containing scenes of her husband's
death from snakebite. Yes ma'am! Just one of those hot nights at the
Fundamentalist Church of Viper Handling and Rattlesnake Bile. Yee hah! Nothing
like a dash of revivalist fervour with a strychnine chaser. Ruby, who is not
renowned for her herpetological predisposition, also encounters the local
sheriff bringing an apprehended felon to the local poleece station. "What did
you do?" asks the in-yer-face interlocutor? "Ah jest keelt a gah at the post
office," says the handcuffed prisoner, as matter-of-factly as if she'd asked him
the time of day. Surely if the United States needs somewhere to test its
missiles, the mountains of West Virginia would be a far more appropriate
location than Australia's northern coastline.

The Roseanne Show, 4am (Sat), 10: Roseanne chats with Michael York. How far down
on his luck can the actor who starred in such gems as Seven Nights In Japan,
Logan's Run, The Wide Sargasso Sea and Zeppelin - to name a few - be? This is
too, too demeaning for any actor. Perhaps the Brisbane Broncos could offer him
some respectable work ... galloping around their stadium on the team mascot.

Progress: A New Millennium, 8.30pm, SBS: A new century and a new age - born in a
welter of fireworks and champagne - must, surely, usher in a new sensibility.
What is progress? A sexual dream in the mind of a project builder? A burst of
venality disguised as an original thought in the eyes of a multinational
carpetbagger or a decision by pharmaceutical company executives to do something
for the section of humanity that doesn't hold shares in the organisation? Billed
as a journey of discovery, tonight's edition of About Us drops in on Deepak
Chopra, Thor Heyerdahl, Mikhail Gorbachev, The Dalai Lama and Peter Ustinov to
see what they envisage for the future. "What," asks the Dalai Lama, "is the
purpose of material progress?" Viewers turned off in droves a decade ago when
SBS screened its Millennium series. Perhaps now we're more disillusioned and
desperate for something to believe in. Is there still such a thing as vision ...
or is it all just television?

n Readers who ignore the Dalai Lama and habitually turn to this page for
guidance on the day's television will be confronted by a rude shock from next
Tuesday. On The Air and the program details won't be here. We're being shunted
inside the back page with the crossword puzzle and the comics. Somewhat
reluctantly, Rocco and I are moving in from the cold. See you there.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON: By Rocco Fazzari

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 09, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Demand-Side Drug Control

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A18; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 739 words


How disconcerting to be greeted on Sept. 23 by two articles detailing the harsh
realities this country faces with regard to the "war on drugs." Joseph A.
Califano Jr. writes of the inaction of parents in educating their children on
the dangers of drugs [op-ed], while Douglas Farah gives us the bad news from the
outside ["Caribbean Key to U.S. Drug Trade"]. So we have a problem inside and
outside our borders.

On the domestic side, who can argue with parents becoming more active in keeping
their kids off drugs? The proposition is logical, strengthens familial ties and
is cost-effective. Mr. Farah's article, however, calls into question the
administration's present approach to the influx of drugs across the U.S. border.
Like a disease, solutions are found at the source, and early prevention can save
lives and money. We are fighting the war too far into the process. Before
military units are called into action, issues of economic and political
development must be addressed. This means attacking the root of the political
venality and poverty that spurs many Caribbean and Latin American countries to
be conduits in the drug trade.

Often heard on political campaign trails are promises to increase physical and
financial resources for the war on drugs. While military operations consume more
than 60 percent of the international drug-control budget, programs that provide
alternative economic opportunities to local farmers have taken a budgetary
beating. A prime example is the Coverdell-Lott amendment that was passed at the
foreign operations conference on Sept. 17.

The legislation included the transfer of $ 53 million out of the Development
Assistance and International Organization and Programs accounts into the war on
drugs. Money that once went to successful micro-en terprising programs, and
toward the strengthening and reforming of local judiciaries, will be redirected
toward short-term policies that ultimately punish the poor farmer, not the
wealthy drug lord. How ironic that low-cost, effective solutions are being
eliminated to beef up short-term, ineffective programs.

The policies of quick, definite victories that receive favorable response from
the voters hurt this country in the long term. Making drug trafficking
unprofitable by interception or crop destruction does little more than invite
suppliers and growers to invent more ingenious and covert methods of supply.
Meanwhile, on the streets, drugs continue to be peddled, and the socioeconomic
impact worsens. Eliminating the scourge of drugs requires a multilevel
commitment from the White House to the family dinner table. Two well thought-out
investments are required: time spent with our children and money spent on
developing political and economic opportunities in Latin America and the
Caribbean. Not until we turn our attention toward long-term solutions will we
begin to address the roots that lie beneath this crisis.

JEREMY ALBERGA

Washington

On Sept. 25, The Post ran a news story titled "Drug Gangs Terrorize the Texas
Border." The frustration and anger expressed by the ranchers illustrate the
continued and growing concern most of us feel about the war on drugs. Current
presidential campaign rhetoric does not address the hub of the problem but
dances around the rim, debating the specifics of enforcement.

The issue is not drug dealers, but drug users. Society frequently is blamed for
causing people to abuse drugs. But, for many, society is just an abstraction.
Blaming society is pointless and only diffuses personal responsibility, which is
the real battleground. To the extent that society is blamed for drug abuse,
individuals are excused from responsibility for their own choices. We have
turned from the dignity of acknowledging personal guilt to embracing the
indignity of victimhood and self-pity.

Adult Americans who use illegal drugs are not hapless victims but people who
refuse to obey the law. If they obeyed the law, it wouldn't matter if dealers
ran full-page ads in the newspapers, because selling drugs would be like trying
to unload a Yugo. Large-scale drug trafficking in the United States will exist
as long as there is a large customer base and a generalized refusal to submit to
the law. The war on drugs will be won when even casual users take personal
responsibility for their own choices and refuse to provide a customer base for
pushers.

DANNETTE LOGAN

Arlington

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              689 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 18, 1989, Friday, City Edition

How many more cocaine babies?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; editorials; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 594 words



Ernest "Polo" Staley ran one of Tallahassee's neighborhood crack    rings, not
an international drug cartel. Yet he has just been sentenced    to life in
prison without parole, the same as Carlos Lehder. Is that    too severe a
punishment for a 30-year-old with no prior convictions?

 Yes. It's true that drug entrepreneurs are doing enormous harm. But    even if
jails could solve this complex problem, which they cannot, our    society could
not afford to pay the high cost of keeping every    ringleader for life.

     Let no one think that what has happened to Staley will make much of    a
dent in that cruel and cynical business. Americans spent about    $ 140-billion
last year on cocaine, heroin and marijuana, according to    the House Select
Committee on Narcotics Abuse and Control. So much    money makes risks worth
taking, especially when the likelihood of being    caught is still so relatively
slight.

     President Bush's forthcoming drug program supposedly will call for    more
emphasis on local law enforcement and less on trying to stop drugs    at their
foreign sources - to bring the war home, in other words, from    the Peruvian
jungles and the high seas. That could mean snaring enough    middlemen to put
real fear into the rest, but where are the prisons to    hold them and where is
the money to build more? The president still    talks of winning the drug war on
the cheap, without new taxes, by    taking the money from other programs that
can't spare it.

     What the president doesn't seem to see is that the narcotics    problem is
rooted in something much more complicated than    self-indulgence on the part of
users or venality on the part of    sellers. It has to do with what people think
is missing in their lives,    and what far too many of our citizens are missing
is the sort of    opportunity that leads to productive employment and a sense of

    self-worth. It is no coincidence that drugs sell so briskly among those    Z
who can least afford them. For user and seller alike, they offer escape    from
despair. As a defense attorney of our acquaintance puts it, "I    don't see any
way of persuading people whose lives are absolutely    hopeless that $ 3,000 a
day is not worthwhile."

     The drug war won't be won simply with more life sentences. The    president
himself is expected to acknowledge as much by calling for    double the money
now being spent on education and prevention - and    double the money would
still not be nearly enough - but if he    contemplates smoke-and-mirrors
financing the plan won't work at all and    Congress shouldn't buy it.
Congressional Republicans admit the    deficiency when they talk of selling
bonds to the public, the way war    bonds were sold during World War II, to
finance a special effort    against drugs. Bonds are just a fancy term for
deficit financing, of    course, and of that the nation already has too much.

     In 1983, the latest year for which expenses have been estimated,    drugs
cost the United States about $ 60-billion for lost wages, law    enforcement,
prisons and treatment programs. That cost has surely    doubled by now, and it
doesn't include the money spent on buying the    drugs. What could be so
terrible about raising taxes, openly and    honestly, to mitigate this
stupendous financial and social waste? Just    how many generations of cocaine
babies can we afford?


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              690 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             June 13 1987, Saturday

Brush with fame and death

BYLINE: DAVID LEE

SECTION: Issue 62794.

LENGTH: 525 words


During the early moring of February 25, 1970, Mark Rothko, reigning champion of
abstract expressionism, washed down a handful of sleeping tablets with half a
bottle of whisky and before falling unconscious slashed both arms at the crook
of the elbow with a razor blade. He was found about four hours later lying in a
puddle of congealed blood six feet across.

He was 66 years old, one of the best known American artists and one of the most
internationally influential. But he did not enjoy the fruits of his huge
reputation or the riches conferred upon him. On the contrary, having left his
wife and two children, he spent the last year dossing in his Manhattan studio
surrounded by work in progress.


Rothko was one of few artists whose uncompromisingly abstract pictures, of
seemingly breathing rectangular forms, appealed to a wider audience than the
usual restricted circles of critics, historicans and dealers, all of whom Rothko
denounced as 'parasites'. He was proud that ordinary people could respond so
positively to his pictures.

He bereated his critics, who refused to talk of the sheer expressive power of
his paintings. 'I'm not an abstractionist,' he railed, 'I'm not interested in
the relationship of colour or form or anything else. I'm interested in
expressing basic human emotions - tragedy, ecstasy, doom and so on. And the fact
that a lot of people break down and cry when confronted with my pictures shows
that I can communicate those basic emotions. If you are moved only by their
colour relationships then you miss the point. '

Rothko's style had evolved slowly out of figuration akin to European Surrealism,
a movement whose gurus had migrated to America in the late 1930s to avoid
persecution and war. Theirs was a westward voyage Rothko himself had made 30
years before when, as a Jewish boy, Marcus Rothkovitch, he made the journey from
Russia via Ellis Island to Portland, Oregon.

What followed his suicide was not a host of celebratory retrospective
exhibitions but the most infamous court case in the history of recent art.
Scandal was piled upon scandal as the inner dealings of the art world were
exposed in all their unseemly venality. The foundation set up by Rothko had been
deceived by its trustees, some of the artist's closest friends had betrayed him
for money and preferment, and his dealers, Marlborough Fine Art, were also shown
to have been impelled by an insatiable appetite for windfall profit. The gallery
was fined Dollars 9.4 million.

An exhibition of 100 works at the Tate Gallery, including many of those
impounded during the protracted legal proceedings, gives British audiences the
opportunity to gauge the achievement of Rothko's art. Additionally, Rothko
bequeathed a series of canvasses to the Tate and this suite of pictures will be
hung in the configuration he intended. Also included will be the sombre, ashen
grey pictures which Rothko finished in the months before his violent suicide.

Mark Rothko (1903-1970) starts on Wednesday at the Tate Gallery, Millbank,
London SW1 (01-821 1313). Mon to Sat 10am-5.50pm, Sun 2-5.50pm, Pounds 2.50,
until August 31.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                              691 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 June 10, 2016

Debbie Wasserman Schultz Is Feeling the Bern Let That Be a Lesson to Democrats!

BYLINE:

Ari Paul is a journalist in New York City. Follow him on Twitter @AriPaul

SECTION: Opinion; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 997 words


She will either  emerge without  her DNC title  or remain in a  battered
position.

Top Democrats are considering removing  Democratic National Committee chairwoman
Debbie Wasserman Schultz, a Congresswoman  from south Florida, from her post
much to the delight  of Bernie Sanders supporters. Many see her as a  figurehead
of the party establishment that is nakedly  stacking the deck in favor of
Hillary Clinton in the  Democratic primaries, largely by scheduling the debates
in a way that buries Sanders's airtime. Wasserman  Schultz's weakened position
testifies to the power of  the Sanders insurgency  and contains an important
lesson for the centrist wing of the Democratic Party.

Even as Wasserman Schultz struggles   on the national level, she also  faces a
local challenge from her left  back home in Florida. After getting  Sanders's
endorsement, her Democratic   primary challenger, Tim Canova, a  half-Jewish law
professor, raised a  quarter of a million dollars. The press  has focused on him
as a member of  the rising class of Sanders-associated  Democrats at the state
level who are  looking to reshape the Democratic  Party into something more
economically   progressive.

Canova has made a name for himself  as a critic of the Obama administration's
free trade policy, an opponent of  the war on drugs and, of concern especially
to those living in the low-lying  and hurricane-prone areas of south  Florida,
someone who's planning to  address climate change.

Even for the most optimistic of Sanders-aligned progressives, Canova has  a
mighty big climb to become the  next representative of Florida's 23rd  district,
which includes Miami Beach  and the lower section of suburban  Broward County.
In the Democratic   presidential primary in March,  the Miami area districts all
voted for  Clinton by whopping margins; conventional   logic would dictate that
even if  Wasserman Schultz is working for the  Clinton camp, that might not hurt
her  on August 30, the date of the primary  for Florida's congressional contest.

But Canova has remained confident,  and the idea that Wasserman Schultz's
leadership position is in peril casts  further doubt on the rest of her
political   career. Canova and his supporters  have put her in the crosshairs
not just

because of her role as a Democratic  establishment figure, but also because  she
represents the same kind of venality   that so negatively defines Clinton.

For example, Wasserman Schultz's   opposition to medical marijuana  has been
linked in the press to funding   she's received from alcohol  companies, which
are keen to keep a  monopoly on legal intoxicants. However,   she maintains that
her opposition  is rooted solely in a personal antipathy  toward drugs and their
effects. Canova   has also accused his opponent of  acting on behalf of big
banks on issues  such as stymieing consumer protections   and regulating payday
loans.

Even with Sanders not gaining the  nomination, a great many Americans  have said
that they've had enough of  this kind of quid pro quo in Washington.   The anger
is no longer directed  only at big financial institutions and  corporate lobbies
it's also focused  on the elected officials who do their  bidding. One of the
best aspects of this  primary cycle is that the Sanders challenge   has put
names to faces in this  kind of insider political system.

The fact that Wasserman Schultz  is on the receiving end of that anger  is
telling. There aren't many areas in

the United States outside of the New  York City metropolitan area where  Jewish
leadership is a consistent part  of the political landscape, but the area
around Miami  the stereotype too  often being well-off retirees and snowbirds
from up north  is one of them.  Wasserman Schultz's congressional  neighbors are
Democrats Ted Deutch  and Lois Frankel.

And although Wasserman Schultz  isn't the first Jewish woman to head  the DNC,
she has been one of the  most contested DNC leaders in recent  memory, in terms
of accusations of  stacking the deck. She has also been  in the job since 2011,
holding the post  longer than most of her predecessors.

The question of her leadership, and  the primary challenge against her,  signals
a shift in a major part of American   Jewish political power.

Canova is from a mixed Jewish and  Catholic background, and as several  news
outlets reported, his worldview   like Sanders's  was shaped in part  by working
on an Israeli kibbutz.

The shifts in the Democratic voting  base have been readily apparent. Sanders,
who is all but certain not to get  the nomination, will still go down as  the
most successful Jewish contender  for the American presidency in recent  memory.
Interestingly, his biggest  impact on the Democratic Party and  the entire
political discourse has been  to bring working-class interests back  to the
forefront. He has also propelled  a discussion of the Middle East that  focuses
much more on the plight of  Palestinians.

If anything, the fact that Clinton has  had to fight until the California
primary   in June to deal a finishing punch  and win the nomination is a
testament   not just to how much the party  underestimated Sanders's challenge,
but also to how many Democratic  voters reject the neoliberal consensus  of the
Clinton dynasty, embrace class  consciousness and are voting against  the status
quo of brutal economic  inequality.

Even if Wasserman Schultz returns  to the House of Representatives next  year,
she will either emerge without  her DNC title or remain in a battered  position,
having fended off left-wing  criticism in her district and nationally.   In that
sense, her diminished status  will be a lasting legacy of the Sanders
insurgency.

It will be a very tough reminder to  the centrist wing of the Democratic   Party
that it no longer has the kind  of grip on the party that it once had,  and that
the party better get used to  moving to the left, lest more leaders  meet the
same kind of fate as Wasserman   Schultz.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'It's all about power. There are great people in this business, and there's a
bunch of mafia. You just have to be cautious';
Robin Wright's evolution from fairy-tale princess to wife of Sean Penn, to
resplendent über-bitch in House of Cards has not always been an easy one. She
talks to William Georgiades about her 25-year career, her new relationship and
that divorce

BYLINE: Nathalie Riddle

SECTION: ES MAGAZINE;FEATURES; Pg. 34,35,36,37,38,40

LENGTH: 1899 words


Squires in New York has to be the least glamorous place to meet a celebrity. An
understated diner located at the lower tip of Manhattan, most of its patrons are
OAPs, and it's situated in what appears to be a housing project. But this is the
venue chosen by Robin Wright, the resplendent movie star whose appeal has not
waned for almost three decades. She is leaning against a pillar in a far corner,
Buttercup herself, incognito under a chunky-knit sweater and scarf, her
Californian golden-girl looks bundled against the February chill, her short
blonde hair peeking out from a woolly hat.

Wright, 46, has emerged and withdrawn from view a number of times over the past
26 years, since first bursting into the public consciousness in The Princess
Bride. She popped up vividly in State of Grace, Forrest Gump and Unbreakable,
and in 1996, began playing the role she is still living down, as the wife of
Sean Penn. Since their divorce three years ago, when she shed his last name, she
has 'peeled back a few layers', and begun a steady climb back into her career.

In the past two years, deft, small turns in Moneyball with Brad Pitt, Rampart
with Woody Harrelson and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, in which she played
Daniel Craig's lover, have re-established her as a formidable woman of grace and
dignity. And now she has emerged, fully formed, as the star of House of Cards,
the Netflix remake of the revered 1990 Westminster drama of deceit and
dissemblance. All 13 episodes have been released simultaneously on Netflix, a
new way of transmitting television. Unsurprisingly, the show has received a lot
of attention. It cost £60 million to make, is directed by David Fincher, stars
Kevin Spacey and is a glossy Washington update of the original. The one big
difference is the role of Claire Underwood. In the BBC version she was a shadowy
wife, politely enduring her husband's infidelities. In the remake, Wright has
co-star billing alongside Spacey, and her character, a politically astute
charity boss who matches her husband's infi-delities, is central to the
intrigue.

Many think she is the best thing in an already terrific show, her more subtle
machinations overshadowing Spacey's venality. Not only is she stylish, perverse
and casually cruel, but she has an imperial quality that is truly terrifying.

If Netflix were to reboot I, Claudius, she would be the perfect Livia. Does she
think her Claire is a bitch? 'That's an interesting word,' she says, her face
resting in her hand. 'She's calculating but not venal. It would be like calling
Lady Macbeth bitchy. She's an empress.' The genesis of the part came about when
Wright was shooting David Fincher's The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo in 2011. She
told the director that she didn't do television, and besides, 'I was just
beginning this new path with my kids grown [Dylan Frances, 21, and Hopper Jack,
19] and I really wanted to sink my teeth into movies. I didn't want to commit to
a TV show. But David is very persuasive and said, "This won't be like television
and we can build this together." And then he told me his only real direction,
"You are Lady Macbeth, and Kevin will be Richard III."' And so she was sold.

Was her recent resurgence by design, or did she just start saying yes? 'It was a
combination of the kids getting older - one was essentially out of the house;
she graduated from high school and took offfor Europe - so there was more time
on my hands. But there was this streak of gift giving, really, it's the only way
to perceive it.' Wright was born in Dallas, Texas, and raised in San Diego,
California. Her father, Freddie, was a pharmaceutical executive, and her mother,
Gayle, sold cosmetics. Her parents divorced when she was two and her mother
remarried when she was eight. She had a lively, ever-moving childhood with her
older brother, Richard, who is now a photographer. 'My mother liked to buy
houses, fix them up, and turn them over,' she recalls. 'We'd live somewhere for
a few months and then move to another house, sometimes just two blocks away.'
Was that fun? 'In retrospect, yes, I guess so,' she allows. 'It made me a very
capable young adult. I mean, I wasn't a social retard.' 'She took us on these
trips. We'd go to Mexico for a while. Or we'd just drive. My mother would say
"Come on, we're going to Indiana." She bought this little Fiat two-seater, we
got a map, she took us out of school and we just drove. She'd say, "Wanna see
Mount Rushmore?" or "Let's go to the Grand Canyon!" It was very adventurous.'

While still in high school, Wright became a model, working in Tokyo and Paris.
After school, she went on to act in the soap opera Santa Barbara, from which she
was cast in the film Denial alongside Jason Patric. Soon after she got the role
of Buttercup in The Princess Bride, an enduring archetype of courtly beauty that
has remained in the psyches of the millions who loved the film. She was
subsequently offered the role of Maid Marian in Kevin Costner's Robin Hood:
Prince of Thieves but turned it down because she had met Sean Penn (on the set
of State of Grace in 1990, the year after he divorced his first wife, Madonna),
and was pregnant with his child.

Wright and Penn first tried to raise their son and daughter in Los Angeles.
'Being married to Sean... I had just never experienced that kind of existence,'
she says. 'The paparazzi were a f***ing nightmare. You feel like you're being
attacked, like you're a zoo'd animal. It makes you want to attack. It's
animalistic. We are prey. Then one day I was carjacked.' This was in May, 1996.
Two men approached her Toyota Land Cruiser in the driveway of her Santa Monica
home pretending to have guns in their pockets. Wright convinced the men to allow
her to take her two children, then aged five and three, out of the car before
surrendering her keys. 'And that was it,' she declares. The family moved to
Marin County, north of Los Angeles, to a sprawling £1.4 million house close to
the local police station. 'We raised our kids there for 15 years,' she says.
They went to the local public (state) school. 'And I'm so happy we did that. I
have very well-established children.' Dylan is now in college; Hopper finishing
high school. 'I learned about men from my son,' she says. 'More than any man I
was ever with. [My children] wear their souls on their skin. There hasn't been
any damage, is what I mean to say,' she laughs. 'And then they acquire it and
we're all f***ed up because of our parents.' She throws up her hands.

In Manhattan and Los Angeles it is more common to see women of her age with
newborns than teenagers. Wright made a decision to forgo acting work for a time,
in order to be a more present mother. She was 25 when she had her daughter, and
27 when she had her son. That must be gratifying now. 'It is the inverse of what
most people do. And it is great because I do feel that age. My knees don't, but
I do. It's not like I feel the need to sow my oats, but I feel young inside. And
I'm glad I spent that time raising my kids and being a wife.' It must have been
exhausting to be married to Penn. They were together for 20 years, tying the
knot in 1996, at a surprise ceremony in LA attended by Jack Nicholson, Robert De
Niro and Marlon Brando. At the time, Wright's nickname for Penn was 'the loving
nightmare'. Their emotional roller-coaster saw them filing for divorce in 2007,
reconciling in 2008, separating in 2009, and then divorcing in 2010. At the time
Penn told Vanity Fair, 'She is a ghost to me now,' and most recently declared
that he had never been loved. For her part, Wright has remained quiet. The one
firm statement she has made about the divorce came shortly after it was
finalised: 'I hit that crossroad a while ago. I know what I don't want.' 'It was
my destiny to have these children with Sean, and that's beautiful,' she says.
She confirms, without elaboration, that she is now with the 32-year-old actor
Ben Foster (whose film credits include 3:10 To Yuma with Christian Bale, and The
Mechanic with Jason Statham) who she met on the set of Rampart, and that she is
very happy. They have been together for over a year.

It is both inspiring and just that a middleaged woman with grown children, who
was an iconic beauty a quarter of a century ago, should now find herself to be
yet more powerful and graceful, a confident fashion icon and the star of a new
medium that is not quite television and not quite film. It is suggested that she
knows how to pace herself. 'Well, I didn't blow out,' she agrees. 'There's this
fine line with ambition - you can short-circuit.' She fiddles with her iPhone
for a while, and then slides it over the table. A line appears, 'What will
happen in one's life is already written but one must choose to be there.' Who
wrote that? 'It's a Japanese proverb, but it says more clearly what I'm trying
to say.' Despite her Californian New Age tone, Wright is very down-to-earth,
even friendly. I remind her that when I interviewed her over a decade ago, she
was downright hostile, answering benign questions with one word answers, as if
affronted. 'Oh, we're all like that when we're young,' she shrugs. It comes as a
surprise to hear that she only recently gave up smoking. 'I've been a light
smoker my whole life,' she says. 'One or two a night. Put the kids to bed, check
the email, have one or two. On a Saturday night, it was a big blowout - have
three glasses of champagne, smoke ten cigarettes. But it increased with age, so
I quit a few months ago.' Spacey also quit recently - how do the actors tackle
those end-of-episode sharing-a-smoke scenes? 'We have these herbal cigarettes,
and they are so vile - I have to be statuesque while dry-heaving...' she trails
off, then suddenly brightens. 'Maybe they'll quit on the show, and end up having
sex!' Despite the effervescence with which she first burst on to our screens,
this grown-up version of herself suits Wright better - she's comfortable in her
own skin, strident and content. The occasional existential ramblings don't so
much suggest a midlife crisis as someone who has come out the other side of life
all the stronger. Surviving with dignity intact. 'A great life is to be able to
ebb and flow. I've just been very blessed,' she says.

Her next project will see her starring opposite Philip Seymour Hoffman in A Most
Wanted Man, Anton Corbijn's adaptation of John le Carré's novel about the war on
terror. The second season of House of Cards begins shooting in a month. Given
her gracious perspective on her marriage and career, does the cynical take that
House of Cards has on politics reflect her own view of the entertainment
business? 'It's all about power,' she says, while asking the waiter to wrap up
the remainder of her club sandwich. 'It is that aspect of the industry that's
disheartening. It makes me sad. There's a part of you that never really learns,
even though I know how it works. There are great people in this business, and
there's a bunch of mafia. You just have to be cautious. You have to be an animal
with your eyes wide open.' ES House of Cards is exclusively available to watch
on Netflix now

[...]

S quires in New York [...]

While still in high school, [...]

'"Bitch" is an interesting word. Claire is calculating but not venal. It would
be like calling Lady Macbeth bitchy. She's an empress'

'Well, I didn't blow out. There's a fine line with ambition - you can
short-circuit'

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P h o t og ra p h s b y D a v i d R o e m e r
Robin wears waistcoat, £495, Alexander McQueen at selfridges.com. Cropped
wide-leg trousers, £275, Emporio Armani (020 7823 8818). Earrings throughout,
Robin's own 34 ES MAGAZINE o STANDARD.CO.UK/L I FESTYLE
Robin wears suit jacket, £1,040, Gucci at net-a-porter.com 36 ES MAGAZINE o
STANDARD.CO.UK/
Robin wears dress, £470, Lulu & Co at matchesfashion.com
Card sharks With Kevin Spacey in House of Cards
Robin wears dress, £600, Stella McCartney at liberty.co.uk Hair by Paul Norton
at traceymattingly.com. Make-up by Julie Harris at thewallgroup.com. Fashion
assistant: Jenny Kennedy. Shot on location at The Peninsula New York. The
Peninsula New York's Manhattan Retreats packages start from £545 per night (800
2828 3888; peninsula.com)
LANDMARK MEDIA
Robin in The Princess Bride, with Cary Elwes With Gary Oldman and Sean Penn in
State of Grace As Forrest Gump's (Tom Hanks) one true love With Daniel Craig in
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Double act With partner Ben Foster
WIREIMAGE. ALL STAR/CINE TEXT/REX FEATURES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2013 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Pye in the sky plot but full of character

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 347 words


For all their engagingly manic complexities, the plotlines of Carl Hiaasen's
astute satirical tales are almost incidental: it's all about the characters. In
his latest offering, a hilarious send up of trash celebrity culture set in
Hiaasen's home state of Florida, we meet twenty-something Cherry Pye, a vacuous,
self-absorbed and utterly talentless pop star with a voracious appetite for
drink, drugs and indiscriminate sex, and a comeback album to flog.

Having swallowed an unwise mix of vodka, Red Bull, hydrocodone, birdseed and
stool softener, our heroine is bound yet again for celebrity rehab. Meanwhile,
her body double, Ann DeLusia is summoned to dupe the paparazzi, one of whom,
Bang Abbott, cops on to the ruse. Long obsessed with his quarry, the odious
Abbott resolves to kidnap Cherry Pye for a fantasy photo shoot, but ends up
instead with Ann, one of the few fairly normal and likable characters in
Hiaasen's morally and culturally barren Floridian landscape.

On realising his mistake, Abbott contacts Cherry's handlers with a ransom
demand: a private photo shoot with Cherry Pye in exchange for the safe return of
Ann.

However, mindful of her already precarious position, and the greed, duplicity
and sheer venality of Team Pye, Ann contacts Skink, a slightly manic, one-eyed
former state governor turned moral crusader who lives in a mangrove swamp,
terrorises corrupt property developers and feeds off roadkill -- as you do if
you're a veteran character of Hiaasen's novels and the notion takes you. Having
taken a fancy -- albeit sweetly platonic -- for Ann, Skink emerges from his
crocodile infested lair to rescue her from Abbott's sweaty paws.

Will the odious snapper achieve his dream of a photo session with his quarry
before her party life inevitably unravels? Will the besotted Skink track down
his platonic lady love before Team Pye intervenes?

In the end, it hardly matters. As in all the best travel, it's the journey, not
the destination that counts.

And with Hiaasen at the wheel, readers are certainly in for a crazy, riotous,
and thoroughly rib-tickling ride.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2011 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          What the Papers Say (Russia)

                             March 30, 2009 Monday

COMMUNISTS CALL FOR A TURNAROUND

BYLINE: Viktor Khamrayev

SECTION: PRESS EXTRACTS; No. 54

LENGTH: 325 words



HIGHLIGHT: The economic crisis is a time for socialism; The Communist Party
intends to demand the government's resignation, going out to the people and
calling on them to move "forward to socialism." This resolution was adopeted at
a CPRF Central Committee meeting over the weekend.


The Communist Party (CPRF) intends to demand the government's resignation, going
out to the people and calling on them to move "forward to socialism." This
resolution was adopeted at a CPRF Central Committee meeting over the weekend.
The Central Committee described the CPRF as the one and only real force capable
of standing up to the government - whose "record-breaking amateurism and
incompetence," according to CPRF leader Gennadi Zyuganov, is combined with "
venality and irresponsibility." The government had "trillions" at its disposal,
but hasn't done anything for the real sector of the crisis; it failed to
anticipate the crisis, but "still talks about Russia's current leaders being
progressive with their modernization and innovation projects." The crisis,
according to the CPRF, demonstrates the collapse of the "liberal capitalism
model." The alternative, said Zyuganov, can only be socialism. Then again, the
first example he cited was "the USA and the Obama program" - only then did he
mention China. Zyuganov is impressed with "the Western elite" because it "has
enough sense to take a critical look at the theory and practice of capitalism,"
leading to a "revision of world-views and philosophical approaches."

The CPRF admits that it is proposing a "mobilization economy" model as an
anti-crisis measure; in principle, the CPRF wouldn't object to the authorities
adopting this model. The CPRF maintains that mobilization in the economy
wouldn't destroy pluralism in politics, but doesn't rule out the possibility of
the "current faction" seeking to remain in power by abolishing pluralism without
taking any economic measures. "But that would only bring the end of its time in
power closer," said Ivan Melnikov, deputy head of the CPRF Central Committee.
The CPRF is convinced that its mission will be successful, but it hasn't
ventured to predict a timeframe.

Source: Kommersant, No. 55, March 30, 2009, p. 3

Translated by InterContact

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2009 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Judging by Mr Blair's behaviour in recent weeks, I'd rather have Prezza in
charge. At least he's sane

BYLINE: STEPHEN GLOVER

SECTION: ED 1ST; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1244 words


MANY people have expressed unease that when Tony Blair goes on his freebie
summer holidays the country will be left in the fumbling hands of John Prescott.
Bearing in mind the Deputy Prime Minister's brutish character, this is an
understandable point of view. Yet, to judge by Mr Blair's behaviour over the
past week, I would rather have Mr Prescott in charge.

He is at least sane.

Set aside Mr Blair's frantic tour of America - his sucking up to the media mogul
Rupert Murdoch, his courting of rap and showbiz stars, and his buttering up of
the rich and famous who may offer him lucrative employment when the blessed day
of his retirement finally arrives. All this is bad enough, of course, and
shaming in a British Prime Minister, but it argues venality rather than
insanity.

The greedy, junketing Tony Blair with his eye on the main financial chance one
can just about handle, though it is a particularly unpalatable pill to swallow
when British soldiers are dying in Iraq and Afghanistan. It is the Mr Blair who
has totally lost his bearings on the international situation that is truly
frightening - the Mr Blair who believes that he, and only he, holds the key to
the world's problems.

Indeed, in his address to Mr Murdoch's executives last Sunday, Mr Blair referred
to his 'complete inner self-confidence in the analysis of the struggle we face'.
If it were needed, this preposterous statement was proof of an almost psychotic
state of mind. An absolute insistence that one is correct in every respect, when
many others take a different view, is commonly taken as a sign of madness.

speech in Los Angeles on Tuesday has been reasonably interpreted as an amazing
volte-face. Here is a leader who in Afghanistan and Iraq has stood shoulder to
shoulder with President George W.

Bush in the pursuit of political ends by violent means. Yet a man who has more
claim than any British minister in living memory to be called a warmonger had
the gall to offer himself as a kind of peacenik, calling 'for a complete
renaissance of our strategy to defeat militant Islam'.

According to Mr Blair, 'an alliance of moderation' is necessary to tackle the
'arc of extremism' (a phrase he used three times) in the Middle-East.

The use of the language of a peacemaker is richly ironic given Mr Blair's
refusal to offer even the mildest criticism of Israel's onslaught in Lebanon,
and, in defiance of the majority view in the Cabinet and his party, to urge a
ceasefire.

But if you scratch the surface of Mr Blair's speech, you see the same old
wild-eyed messianic figure who once told a Labour Party conference that he would
'reorder' the world, and, by way of a warm-up, sort out the problems of Congo
and Rwanda. In Los Angeles, he invoked the threat of 'global terrorism'.

Israel's fight with Hezbollah was 'all part of the same thing' - and that thing
was 'a fight about global values'.

Mr Blair noted how the United States and Britain had set out 'to change the
value system' in Iraq. This, surely, is as egregious an example of
neoimperialism as you could find, as well as a piece of preposterous arrogance.
We are, in Mr Blair's view, engaged in a perpetual struggle, the purpose of
which is to bring about a 'values change' throughout the world.

In effect he offered his highly appreciative American audience - though one
cannot be sure that they fully realised what they were applauding - a war
without end between our values (whatever they are; he did not bother to say) and
the forces of 'reactionary Islam'. He did not mention, of course, that '
reactionary Islam' had no place whatsoever in Saddam Hussein's Iraq, whose value
system we nevertheless set about changing, irrespective of the deaths of tens of
thousands of people and the likelihood of civil war.

Mr Blair displayed the same degree of solipsism in his speech as he had during
an interview over the weekend with the BBC's political editor, Nick Robinson.

He sees himself as the major figure (along, perhaps, with his blinkered
comrade-in-arms, Mr Bush) in sorting out the problems of Lebanon and the
Middle-East. He cannot begin to understand that, as the aggressors in Iraq,
Britain and America are poorly placed to offer themselves as honest brokers in
Lebanon, as Mark Malloch Brown, deputy secretary-general of the United Nations,
has rightly pointed out.

Mr Blair is almost the last person in the world who could bring peace and
understanding to the Middle-East.

How is it that a man who has lost what little good sense he ever had in foreign
affairs should be allowed single-handedly to dictate our foreign policy, even
though a majority of the Cabinet and his party disagree with him? We are told
that Mr Blair is in the twilight of his prime ministership, and gravely
weakened. He misled Britain into a calamitous and immoral war in Iraq, telling
lies along the way, and engaging in a secret accommodation with Mr Bush. Yet
despite his supposed weakness and his incompetence, he is still allowed to
determine our foreign policy as though he were an American President in full
bloom rather than an enfeebled British Prime Minister.

Brown, his presumed successor, is preoccupied with his paternity leave
followingthe birth of his son, and is characteristically silent.

Margaret Beckett, the new Foreign Secretary - chosen by Mr Blair because she is
an ignorant amateur in foreign affairs, whereas her predecessor, Jack Straw,
evinced stirrings of independent thought - bleats inconsequentially.

Almost everyone disagrees with Mr Blair to a greater or lesser extent, but no
one is prepared to stand up to him, even though some of his outpourings verge on
the lunatic.

This, I am afraid, is a pretty damning indictment of the Labour Party. The
Tories are also at fault, having scarcely been forensic in their criticisms, and
being themselves divided on Lebanon and the Middle-East. One wonders just how
far Mr Blair would have to go, and how many more ill-judged commitments he would
have to enter into on our behalf, before public spirited political colleagues
were prepared to tap him on the shoulder, and lead him away.

Britain's foreign policy, and the wellbeing of our servicemen, no longer depend
on a measured assessment of our national self-interest. They lie to a terrifying
extent at the mercy of the bizarre psychological makeup of one man, who wants to
'reorder' the world and impose 'values change', by force if necessary. How he
loves strutting the international stage and presenting himself as both oracle
and saviour, and how he basks in the uncritical applause of American audiences,
and the adulation of showbiz stars, all of whom seem oblivious to his frailties.

Tony Blair's inner certainty is complete, which is surely a precondition of
madness. It does not occur to him that the worsening crisis in Iraq is in any
way his responsibility. The ' insurgents' are the guilty party, though of course
they did not exist there before the Anglo-American invasion of Iraq.

How many more enemies will Mr Blair be allowed to provoke before he is finished?

Islamic fundamentalism is a grave threat, but it cannot be addressed without
great statesmen. Neither Mr Blair nor Mr Bush remotely fit that description.

If there is 'an arc of extremism', it passes through No 10 Downing Street on its
way to the White House. And that is why the world should breathe a sigh of
relief if Mr Blair sticks by his plan to jet off on his latest freebie tomorrow,
leaving this country in the comparatively safe hands of John Prescott.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2006 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 23, 1990, Tuesday, Final Edition

Visions of Love;
Fantasy and Family, Baseball and Brooding

BYLINE: Richard Lipez

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D3; BOOK WORLD

LENGTH: 933 words


BOUNDARIES OF LOVE

and Other Stories

By Henry H. Roth

British American Publishing. 207 pp. $ 17.95

One indication of the richness of this exhilarating collection of 19 stories by
Henry H. Roth is the variety of ways that people in trouble find for saving
themselves. An unlikely few do it through baseball. In a slangy, likable story
called "The Cinderella Kid," an orphan escapes from a loveless childhood with
the help of a good right arm. In the more somber "Beginnings," it is the late
1940s and a 10-year-old boy is trapped in a Brooklyn apartment with an
anguished, passive father and a delusionary mother who spends her days sobbing.
The boy concocts elaborate fantasies in which the Dodgers play their games in
his locked room. On one rare, bright day the three attend a real game at Ebbets
Field and the mother's craziness diminishes to the point where she can show her
deepest feelings for her son and he can bask; "for an instant they are clearly a
pair, a couple" as she talks of baseball easily, lovingly.

For others, love of language is a route to safety. In "Joe's Dead," the mother
of an 11-year-old girl tries psychiatry to heal the wounds inflicted on the
child by her alcoholic father's suicide. The therapy probably helps, but it's
clear that it's literature that will make this canny kid whole. Her mother "kept
muttering that reading wasn't healthy and I'd need glasses soon. I ignored her
and kept reading 'Jane Eyre.' Would my reading scare her so much if I told her I
loved different ways writers describe how the sun set and rose? And how great
dialogue makes you see the faces of the people that are talking." Even the
Cinderella Kid leaves baseball behind when he discovers literature and the love
of a literate good woman. (The venality of pro baseball enters into it too;
Roth, a native Brooklynite, must have been among those for whom the treachery of
the Dodgers' move to California came as a bleak, cosmic revelation.)

All of these stories, as the title "Boundaries of Love" suggests, concern love
in one guise or another, and among the best are those where the subject is met
head-on. In "This Time," a middle-aged man with a failed marriage is in a
hospital room wondering, "Would he die or would this fanciful cancer attack,
retreat, hit and run, and mug him for a dozen more rotting years?" A friendship
is formed with a woman abandoned by her lover after her double mastectomy -- she
walks the hospital corridors constantly, relearning balance -- and quite
startlingly this friendship turns to sexual love. When difficulties come, the
man apologizes: "I want to be at my best for you." He is told, "Oh, it's too
late for that, don't you see. And it doesn't matter at all." "This Time" is
about as jolting and lovely a story as ever opened a collection.

Not all of Roth's characters love well or successfully. In the mordant "Happy in
Ohio," a young academic litterateur who uses women casually is left in the cold
when his ex-wife and his two girlfriends discover the warmth and value of their
companionship with one another.

The eerily funny "Mal" is about a man defeated by family life who spends his
love on that peculiarly American object of devotion, his lawn. Until, that is,
the day when "out of nowhere a car appeared and headed straight for Mal Bennett.
'Long time, no see,' the engine roared, and the clanging muffler agreed. The car
embraced Mal, really soul-kissed him, then said 'Farewell,' tossing him back
onto his beloved, sacred lawn." Like some sterner John Cheever, Roth is not
particularly kind to people whose love he believes to be misguided or misspent,
and his ways of disposing of them are sometimes shocking.

Among the most memorable stories in the collection are those about a family with
a mentally ill mother. (The same family appears several times in varying
permutations; Roth's purpose, if any, for the variations is unclear.) Sometimes
we see the family through the cold ache of the son's point of view. He's the boy
in "Beginnings," as well as the distant grown man in "In Ruined Houses," where
the son looks after his mother with her "scrambled reveries" while the father is
in the hospital for a few days. There's a heartbreaking brief scene involving a
washing machine. The father, hopelessly in love with his mad wife even after
decades, has fought to have the appliance installed in their Manhattan
apartment, and it's one of the few things that brings his wife peace and a kind
of lucidity. "Listen, it's working now," she tells her son. "That's such a
beautiful song. Nothing except the American flag is a more beautiful sight than
fresh laundry." For the son, the sounds of the ancient machine chugging away in
the kitchen "were like water hitting a sea wall. It was like vacation time. For
a while it was not a ruined place." In the end, this deeply hurt man leaves
"without saying a word ... During the trip home, I vowed to call him more often
and visit her more frequently, but I never did."

In these haunting stories, Roth comes across as a wonderfully original writer
about love and sex and family life. A lot of this book is distinctly urban
Jewish American in its rhythms and flavors; in a single story, or even
paragraph, Roth can be both stark and lyrical, blunt and warm, brooding and
large-spirited, and it all feels just right. For readers unfamiliar with Roth --
not to be confused with the H.-less Henry Roth, author of "Call It Sleep" --
"Boundaries of Love" should serve as a fine introduction to this gifted writer.

The reviewer writes frequently about contemporary fiction.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              697 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday

Albany's Latest 'Graduates'

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 214 words


It was a red-letter week for Albany corruption, with two former legislators
getting one-way tickets to the big house.

On Monday, former Assemblyman William Scarborough (D-Queens) received concurrent
13-month sentences for swindling nearly $54,000 from taxpayers via phony travel
vouchers and siphoning $38,000 more from his campaign fund.

On Thursday, ex-Assemblyman William Boyland (D-Brooklyn) got hit far harder: a
14-year stretch in the federal pen for multiple counts of extortion and
bribe-taking.

Boyland's corruption was so brazen that, after beating a similar federal rap in
2011, he began soliciting new bribes within a few days "without skipping a
beat," as the sentencing judge put it.

The veteran legislator also submitted phony vouchers for "work" travel
(out-of-state vacations) and for expenses (incurred in meetings to discuss
bribes).

Yet Boyland still caught a break: His 14-year term is well below the 20-year
stretch recommended both by prosecutors and federal sentencing guidelines.

New York's now nearing three dozen state legislators recently convicted or
awaiting trial for corruption - with no end in sight.

Corruption-busting US Attorney Preet Bharara has said prosecutors alone can't
end political venality. But they'll have to do for now.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           January 22, 2009 Thursday

Reason for Duquesne law dean's dismissal divulged

BYLINE: Mike Cronin

LENGTH: 976 words


Duquesne University President Charles J. Dougherty broke six weeks of silence
Wednesday on his dismissal of law school Dean Donald J. Guter amid demands from
some faculty and students for an explanation.

In a letter to law school faculty, Dougherty said Guter failed "to perform as a
part of the university's administrative team and to effectively manage the
school." Dougherty rejected a request to appear Friday at a law school faculty
meeting.

Guter, who remains a tenured faculty member, was removed Dec. 9.

A protest yesterday organized by students who think Dougherty "refuses to
recognize law school successes" and "slanders our schools and deans" attracted
about 175 people. Last week, law school Associate Dean Vanessa Browne-Barbour
resigned, calling Guter's firing an "injustice."

In a statement, P. David Pappert, chairman of the university's board of
directors, said "we are disappointed that a list containing complete falsehoods
and personal attacks was used to prompt student participation. The board remains
unanimous in its full support for President Dougherty."

Dougherty has declined to be interviewed.

"I think this is a question of whether you hire someone and trust them to do the
job or not," Guter said earlier this month. The retired Navy rear admiral
graduated from Duquesne law school in 1977.

A letter written 13 months ago by Dougherty and Provost Ralph L. Pearson to the
American Bar Association provides a glimpse of the schism between the
97-year-old law school and the Duquesne administration.

The administrators were responding to a study Guter and law school faculty wrote
for the ABA's periodic accreditation review. The Tribune-Review has obtained the
administrators' confidential Dec. 10, 2007, response.

"The exasperating aspect of this repeated slander of the university
administration is not just its falsehood. It is also its venality," the
administrators wrote.

The letter is evidence of real problems at Duquesne, said Eric Sirulnik, a
professor emeritus and former associate dean at George Washington University law
school in Washington.

"It sounds like everyone's going overboard and slitting their own throats," he
said after learning what the administrators wrote. "There must be some huge
personality conflict going on there."

Neither university spokeswoman Bridget Fare nor Nancy Slonim, the ABA's director
of policy communications, would release the self-study, citing confidentiality
rules.

The ABA documents would have raised alarm among anyone in higher education, said
Peter Shane, former dean of the University of Pittsburgh's law school.

"If language in any communication about the law school reached me that was
personally abusive between the dean and the president and the provost, I would
suggest further investigation might be warranted," said Shane, now an
endowed-chair professor at The Ohio State University's law school, after
learning what the administrators wrote.

Sirulnik said law school deans and professors sometimes complain to the ABA to
gain leverage for changes they want made. He said the ABA process is
confidential so people can express opinions without retaliation.

In their letter, Dougherty and Pearson said they "were surprised by its
misinformation and multiple accusations" in the faculty's report to the ABA.

The administrators wrote that the law school faculty, without evidence, accused
the president of possibly stealing law school grant money and violating state
law. Faculty members said the administration withheld as much as $170,000 of a
$200,000 state grant to the law school to provide legal services to the poor.

The state requires unused grant money to be returned. Guter blamed accounting
errors for failing to show the law school had not spent the grant money.

Fare said Dougherty returned the money to the state.

Guter denied accusing Dougherty of theft and said the faculty was just trying to
alert Dougherty about the grant rules.

"But it got twisted because of the lack of a good relationship," Guter said.

Dougherty and Pearson wrote that dysfunction among faculty members was "of a
sort we have never experienced before in our combined 75 years in academia."
They described a majority faction, allied with Guter, as so abusive that it
forced teachers to leave the school.

At least two of more than two dozen faculty members left Duquesne during Guter's
three-and-a-half-year term.

Guter said that differing factions are common in academia and that the reported
degree of the law school's split was "greatly exaggerated." He said faculty
votes on important issues have been nearly unanimous.

The administrators also wrote to Guter and his faculty earlier in 2007 to
correct what they perceived as inaccuracies in the self-study before it was sent
to the ABA. They said the study suggested the law school did not have enough
scholarship money to entice more minorities to enroll.

According to university records, more than $665,000 worth of scholarship money
went unawarded in fiscal year 2006.

Guter did not dispute that the law school failed to award all of its scholarship
money.

"From the time we found out, we worked with the development department to find
out what the conditions were for each scholarship," he said. "We'd planned to
award all scholarships this year."

As of Jan. 7, about $33,000 of scholarship money was unawarded.

Board member Anthony J. Carfang and two other board members said Dougherty has
their full support.

Dougherty's record of running the school using a set of 29 criteria is superb,
Carfang said. The university's bond rating has risen, as have the SAT scores of
incoming freshmen, he said.

"In that context, we had a dean at one of 10 schools who was keeping Charlie up
at night," Carfang said. "Guter could've been performing flawlessly and if
Charlie said, 'I don't feel he's on my team,' my vote would be yes."

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        August 9, 1999 Monday 2D EDITION

Echoes of Nixon-era continue

BYLINE: Germond & Witcover

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 671 words

WASHINGTON - Twenty-five years after the resignation of President Richard M.
Nixon on Aug. 9, 1974, the saga of the man and his downfall continues to hang
over the political life of the country.

Yet another movie, a comedy titled "Dick," in which his misadventures involving
the Watergate break-in and cover-up are examined once again, is in national
release. At the same time, topping the best-seller lists in The New York Times
and The Washington Post is the new book by Watergate sleuth Bob Woodward
entitled "Shadow." It is predicated on the theory that the Watergate experience
has hung over every president since Nixon in their failure to learn its lesson -
that getting the truth out quickly is the only effective way to deal with
scandal.

The public skepticism and cynicism toward elected officials that were immediate
products of Nixon's lies and deceptions continue unabated. The campaign reforms
that were enacted in 1974 and 1976 as a direct result of abuses demonstrated in
the Nixon campaign of 1972 have themselves come under severe attack, as
politicians and their strategists have found ways to circumvent them.

In spite of his tireless efforts to rewrite history and rebuild his reputation,
particularly as an expert in foreign policy, Nixon is remembered primarily as
the first American president to resign in disgrace.

And the most remembered act of his successor in the presidency, Gerald Ford, is
his pardon of Nixon only weeks after the resignation, which many believe cost
Ford election in his own right in 1976.

While Nixon's resignation enabled Ford to proclaim that "our long national
nightmare is over," echoes of it have continued to be heard over the ensuing
quarter of a century, as Nixon and his presidency have been examined and
re-examined from every angle in newspaper retrospectives, books and motion
pictures.

The lengthy court battle over possession and publication of the infamous Nixon
White House tapes that eventually were Nixon's undoing, and their periodic
release, have provided flashbacks to the corruption and venality of the Nixon
administration. With each publication of newly released tapes, the harshness and
profanity of the man and his chief political aides have brought headlines and a
regurgitation of the whole Watergate fiasco.

Woodward and Carl Bernstein, who rose from being obscure junior reporters on The
Washington Post to become national figures, have been the inspiration for a
generation or more of investigative reporters. Woodward still calls the Nixon
tapes, and their steady release producing more and more stories, "the gift that
keeps on giving."

Even death, which came to Richard Nixon in April 1994 at age 81, did not write
an end to the Nixon saga. The legal fight over ownership of the tapes and other
Nixon papers, and whether the federal government owes millions of dollars to the
Nixon estate for them, goes on unabated today.

Five years after Nixon's death, the impeachment of President Clinton and his
Senate trial also triggered retrospectives about him and the articles of
impeachment voted by the House against him that were the prime catalyst in his
resignation.

In these recollections, it was often noted that Nixon's crimes were of a much
more serious nature, subverting the Constitution itself, whereas Clinton's
misconduct was of a personal nature, albeit most deplorable.

Nixon loyalists over the last 25 years have sought, however, to accentuate the
positive aspects of his White House years - most notably his opening to China.

Yet even within his own Republican Party, he remained a pariah, never invited to
attend a Republican National Convention after he was forced from office.

Still, for all that, with the possible exception of the martyred President John
F. Kennedy, no other American political figure has remained more dominant in the
public dialogue over the last half of the 20th century than Richard M. Nixon.
Veteran reporters Jack W. Germond and Jules Witcover cover politics for the
Baltimore Sun.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Post file photo Richard Nixon says goodbye to members of
his staff outside the White House after resigning the presidency on Aug. 9,
1974.

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 23, 1993, Wednesday

FOCUS ON THE ISSUES

BYLINE: By Cynthia Tucker

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 15

LENGTH: 589 words


The race for mayor of Atlanta is wide open. The campaign for governor, though
the election is more than a year away, is beginning to look like a contest.
Could it be that citizens will hear a genuine debate about the future of the
state and its capital city?

We didn't get that in the previous campaigns for governor of Georgia and mayor
of Atlanta. Maynard Jackson pulled so far ahead of the crowd the last time
around that his only credible challenger, Fulton County Commission Chairman
Michael Lomax, dropped out of the race. There was no drama in the event. Nor was
there much discussion of central issues.

Zell Miller had a genuine race to run, having to win the Democratic nomination
over challenger Andrew Young and then to face the Republican nominee, Johnny
Isakson. But Mr. Miller settled on a strategy that effectively tossed aside
every issue but one - the lottery. That single subject overshadowed everything
else.

The voters deserve more. Like the nation, the city of Atlanta and the state of
Georgia stand at a crossroads, ready to leap grandly into the next century or to
slip back into economic and social backwaters, depending on their leaders'
decisions. It is time for the voters to hear a detailed outline of the problems
and the opportunities.

Atlanta continues with its streak of luck, climbing out of the recession quicker
than many other cities. But luck can take the city only so far.

The city's problems are legion: Hartsfield International Airport, the economic
engine for the entire metro area, is in shambles, beset by an airline industry
in decline and the venality of officials, both public and private; the city's
tax base continues to shrink as affluent residents, black and white, desert to
the suburbs, taking business with them; basic infrastructure is in disrepair, as
the tragedy of a hole that opened up during a rainstorm and swallowed two people
attests; crime is down slightly but not nearly enough, contributing to the
flight of residents from the central city.

If the candidates for mayor of Atlanta don't want to talk about how the
solutions to those problems will be paid for, insist that they do. There is no
getting around the financial challenges facing Atlanta.

The gubernatorial candidates have longer to figure out solutions, but they will
need every minute of their extra time: Even though the state doesn't believe it
and hates to hear it, it is even worse off than the city (Atlanta is stuck with
a sizable share of the poor who migrate here from rural Georgia). Without the
relative affluence and amenities of metro Atlanta pulling up state averages,
Georgia would be Mississippi.

The state limps along, still, with the highest rate of infant mortality in the
nation. There are not enough Georgians who graduate from college. Too many have
children as adolescents and drop out of school. Georgia's antiquated tax
structure doesn't raise enough money to support decent public education. And too
much of the little public money there is goes to building and maintaining
prisons.

The southern reaches of the state face even more challenges as the nation races
into a global economy, when peanut subsidies will probably be ended, more
military bases will close and trade agreements will push more low-skilled
industries offshore. What is to become of the "other Georgia"?

Those problems require more than bumper-sticker solutions. The voters must
insist on detailed strategies for solving them.

Cynthia Tucker is editor of the Constitution's editorial pages.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931750345

GRAPHIC: Photo: Zell Miller announced recently that he will seek a second term
as governor. Photo: Maynard Jackson has decided not to seek re-election as
Atlanta mayor.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              701 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                           January 20, 1988 Wednesday

BYLINE: BARKER GEOFFREY

LENGTH: 984 words


Disgrace nears for Arizona governor ACURTAIN of shame is closing on the short,
unsavoury political career of Governor Evan Mecham, the most despised politician
in the United States.

After only 12 months as Arizona's chief executive, Governor Mecham faces the
ultimate triple political disgrace - impeachment by the state legislature, trial
for perjury and fraud, and a recall election.

Documented evidence of Mecham's financial deceit and political malfeasance was
revealed to a dramatic and unprecedented session of the Arizona State
legislature last Friday.

Law-makers sat in shocked silence as special counsel William French, a respected
former judge of the Superior Court, summarised his devastating findings in a
40-minute legal tour de force.

His conclusion - that there was "probable cause for impeachment" - transformed
the Mecham affair from a local scandal to a national drama with potential
implications for the 1988 presidential race.

Evan Mecham, a 63-year-old millionaire car dealer, has been an embarrassment to
Arizona and the Republican Party ever since his surprise election as governor in
January 1987.

"He has made us a national laughing stock," a cab driver told me on Friday
night.

A stream of spectacularly inept statements and decisions by Mecham has alienated
him from most groups in this freewheeling conservative desert state. He has
given important public jobs to unqualified cronies who have dubious and
sometimes criminal records. His words and deeds have prompted an independent
psychologist to describe him as "authoritarian and paranoid".

The offences that seem certain to drive Governor Mecham from office have been,
as Mr French revealed on Friday, crimes of financial and political corruption.

The charges are, firstly, that he conspired to conceal a $US350,000 campaign
loan from developer Barry Wolfson, a defendant in a civil fraud suit; secondly,
that he embezzled $80,000 of public funds to buy a business in Washington state;
and thirdly, that he tried to stop an investigation by Arizona's
Attorney-General, Bob Corbin, into a death threat against a former aide.

Mecham's stupidity and venality were revealed in the paper trail he left.
Displaying memos, bank accounts, cheques and promissory notes on an overhead
projector during his presentation on Friday, Mr French descibed the documents as
"the smoking gun". After seeing the documents, one legislator said: "That's the
first time I've been to a crucifixion." Twenty-four hours later Senator John
McCain and three of Arizona's four Republican congressmen called on Governor
Mecham to resign, saying his problems were close to paralysing the state.

In an unprecedentedly personal column in Monday's edition of Phoenix's
pro-Republican newspaper, the publisher described Mecham as "a man who works
best when conspiring to deceive, to conceal, to cover up, to cheat on the rules,
to debase common civility, to manipulate the gullible".

Even before he was sworn in as governor on January 4 last year, some worried
Republican legislators started distributing "Recall Ev" buttons to protest
against his decision to rescind Martin Luther King Day, held each year on the
third Monday in January.

On July 6 last year, as soon as it was legally permissible, Mecham's opponents
launched a petition to force a recall election. They needed 216,746 valid
signatures by November 3 - 25 per cent of the state's 1,300,000 voters.

As strains intensified, a former senator for Arizona, Barry Goldwater, the
revered father of Arizona Republicanism, called on him to resign.

ON November 3 Mecham's opponents, led by openly homosexual businessman Eddie
Buck, announced that they had filed with Arizona's Secretary of State, Rose
Mofford, a total of 388,988 pro-recall signatures - nearly twice as many as
needed.

It was a mark of Mecham's political decline that he, a conservative Mormon,
could be humiliated by a movement led by a homosexual in an extremely macho
state.

The signatures have now been validated, and Ms Mofford is expected to tell
Mecham this week that he has five days to resign or to run in a recall election
on May 17. But that election is only one of Governor Mecham's difficulties.

On January 8, following a three-month investigation by the Attorney-General,
Mecham and his brother Willard were indicted by a grand jury on charges
including perjury, wilful concealment and false filing of campaign-finance
documents.

THE gravest threat to Mecham now is the impeachment proceedings being started by
the state legislature later this week. If the legislature decides to draft
articles of impeachment for prosecution by the Senate, Mecham's disgrace will be
immediate.

Arizona's legislators, deeply worried, are expected to begin preliminary
hearings on the issue immediately.

Mecham's political difficulties were compounded last week when his chief of
prison construction, Lee Watkins, resigned after it was revealed that he had
failed to report a conviction for assault (he had been charged with rape).

Watkins, a key crony of Mecham, made the death threat against another former
aide, Donna Carlson, which Governor Mecham tried to stop Mr Corbin from
investigating.

Watkins was the latest of several Mecham aides to quit following damaging
disclosures. Albert Rodriguez, a suspect in a murder case, resigned as head of
the Liquor Department. Sam Steiger, another key aide, resigned when indicted for
fraud. Ms Carlson, embittered and frightened, revealed on Monday that three men
nominated by Governor Mecham to head the state's Department of Revenue had all
been prosecuted for failing to file tax returns.

It now seems only a matter of time before Mecham is ousted one way or another.
It could could be a protracted, bloody and embarrassing fight for Arizona, a
state which, before Mecham, considered it had fought its last Indian war more
than half a century ago.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: /PHNEG/ /PHFILE/

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1988 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              702 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                               December 13, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Belief that corruption in Ireland is endemic is unworldly and unwise;
More should be done to convict office-holders who take bribes, even if
corruption is less of a problem in Ireland than many believe, writes Dan O'Brien

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 1172 words


VIOLENT crimes take place across the country every day. Does this mean that
Irish people are culturally inclined towards crime and violence? Child abuse has
taken place in institutions where people who were entrusted with the care of
minors committed appalling crimes against those kids. Does that mean that
Ireland is a special case when it comes to paedophilia, or that it is endemic
and systemic? The answer to both questions is no, and anyone with even the
vaguest familiarity with the rest of the world knows that.

Now consider corruption. Last Monday's investigative report by RTE was an
example of what the media exists to do: act as a bulwark against the abuse of
power. But the reaction to it revealed a tendency in Irish society to believe
that we are in some way special or even unique.

On one radio show, the alleged venality of local councillors was attributed to
some inherent Irish defect, as if the wink, the nod and the brown envelope were
non-existent across the planet and only to be found on this island. Much of the
media comment followed along similar lines.

Taking the biscuit was an opinion column in Friday's Irish Times. Its author, Dr
Marie Murray, is a psychologist. If one had expected insights from her
professional knowledge into what motivates people to abuse office, one would
have been disappointed.

Dr Murray claimed that corruption in Ireland is "endemic and systemic" when in
fact, by all international measures, most notably those of the leading
anti-corruption agency, Transparency International, Ireland consistently ranks
among the least corrupt countries in the world.

She then went on to say - without any reference to evidence or examples - that
"corruption is solvable" if only the political will existed. For a professional
psychologist to claim that any kind of human transgression can be completely
eliminated betrays a very poor understanding of the human condition. Just as
crime of all kinds is never fully "solvable" anywhere owing to the weakness and
defects of our species, corruption exists everywhere. There will always be
people in public life who will pro-actively abuse their positions. There are
even more who start out with good intentions but succumb to temptation or are
corrupted by others.

The truth is that in most countries across the world, behaviour like that of the
most corrupt politician in the Irish State's history - Charles Haughey - is
pretty commonplace. Indeed, in most countries those who achieve high office tend
to become very wealthy indeed, often far wealthier than Haughey.

The briefest scan of international news from last week throws up, as it would in
any given week, multiple cases of extravagant bribe-taking and self-enrichment
by holders of high office.

In New York on Friday, the former majority leader in the state senate, Dean
Skelos, was convicted on eight counts of corruption. That followed the
conviction the previous week of his former parliamentary colleague, Sheldon
Silver, on charges of extortion and money-laundering which netted him $4m. In
Brazil this weekend, the speaker of the federal parliament, Eduardo Cunha, is
being accused of lying about his bank accounts in Switzerland and faces charges
that he received $5m in a single illicit payment. And the never-ending saga of
rottenness in Fifa rumbled on last week with the resignation of one of the
organisation's vice presidents, Juan Angel Napout, who is among 16 people the US
authorities accuse of "racketeering, wire fraud and money-laundering
conspiracies" that they claim generated over $200m.

Looking at the mechanics of corruption also illustrates that Ireland is very far
from the bottom of the pile. Among the most common kinds of corruption worldwide
is payments to secure jobs in the public sector, and one doesn't have to go to
tropical banana republics to find this. The practice is commonplace in southern
Europe where a semi-formalised system exists whereby bribes are calculated on
the basis of a person's first-year salary in the job. How many medical
professions, teachers and civil servants in Ireland have paid their way into
public sector employment? An even more lucrative source of illicit payments for
the unscrupulous office-holder is public contracts. States everywhere spend more
money buying goods and services than even the biggest corporations. Even a small
percentage on a sizeable public contract can make corrupt politicians and
officials fabulously rich.

Although abuses in the procurement and tendering processes happen in Ireland,
they are not "endemic or systemic". If the system was rigged, as it is in so
many countries, it would be the 'Just as crime of all kinds is never fully
"solvable" anywhere owing to the weakness and defects of our species, corruption
exists everywhere' stuff of gossip and hearsay, as it is elsewhere. In Ireland,
it is not common to hear people in business who sell goods and services to the
State complain that they had to hand over cash-stuffed envelopes to win
contracts.

There is a great deal that is wrong with how politics works in Ireland, most of
which has to do with badly designed institutional arrangements - the electoral
system and the weakness of the Oireachtas vis a vis the other branches of
government, to name but two big ones - but a widespread "culture of corruption"
is not one of them.

However, none of that is to say that corruption doesn't exist, or that nothing
need be done about it. Much more should be done because it is clear that the
rules are not tight enough and that enforcement of existing rules is seriously
inadequate.

One of the straightforward anti-graft measures other jurisdictions have
introduced is to place the onus on all elected representatives and public
officials to explain the origins of their wealth if it appears out of line with
their remuneration. Where such laws have been enacted, the failure to explain
satisfactorily is a criminal offence. This is not disproportionate, given the
damage corruption causes in so many ways.

On the enforcement side, even more needs to be done. The revelation last week
regarding the Fraud Squad is of a piece. The Garda Inspectorate found that body
tasked with investigation of white-collar crime is not resourced with the
financial expertise to forensically examine accounts and documents. That is as
useless as having a riot squad without shields, batons and protective clothing.

For multiple reasons, over a long period of time it is clear that the Garda, as
a police force, has failed to effectively investigate and prosecute corrupt
holders of public office. As such, it is past time that we do what many other
jurisdictions have done and establish a stand-alone anti-corruption agency.
Ideally, such an organisation would, at least in its early years, be led by a
non-national with a track record of tackling graft elsewhere. Only when tougher
measures are taken will the low-level sleaze revealed last Monday be reduced.
And only then might the greatly exaggerated public perception of corruption in
Irish public life change.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              July 19, 2002 Friday

:The Dow tainted by crooked companies

BYLINE: By Robert Seltzer

SECTION: BORDERLAND; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 468 words


You do not need a casino to gamble.

All you need is a stock broker -- and a constitution that allows you to ride a
roller coaster without a gallon of Dramamine.

Even in good times, the stock market is a risk, a venture that delights you one
day, devastates you the next.

These days, devastation seems to be the norm.

The Dow recorded a huge drop last week-- its largest point decline since Sept.
21, when the blue chips dropped 1,369.70 following the terrorist attacks.

It is one thing when those declines result from forces that, while sometimes
tragic and unpredictable, are engineered by people outside the industry.

That is what the stock market is all about -- trying to maneuver your way
through the minefield that is the modern-day world.

When the downward spiral is fueled by greed within the industry, however, the
losses are a little harder to accept.

Lust for money

In a scandal that has rocked Wall Street, the allegations are flying against
corporations -- tax evasion, insider trading, the promotion of overpriced stocks
that company analysts disparage in private.

The greed is palpable.

How else can you explain the venality of corporate executives who are strangled
by their own lust for money?

We could rejoice in their collapse, gloat over their comeuppance, when they are
exposed for the money-grubbers they are, except for one thing: They may be
harming thousands of innocent investors.

"A lot of people are upset about the accounting issues," said Ron White, a
broker with Raymond James Financial Services in El Paso. "Research has been
tainted, and information from analysts has been tainted.

"You have a number of corporate executives and boards of directors who don't
appear to be working in the best interests of their clients. And, of course,
that makes everything chaotic, because you can't make good decisions. And, when
that happens, even the people who are clean get tainted."

Overnight money

Yet some investors remain philosophical.

"If people did something wrong, then they need to be punished," said Maria
Murray, a member of two local investment clubs. "But I'm not in charge of
punishing them, so I don't worry about that. That's for other people to decide."

Because most investors are in it for the long haul, they steel themselves to
periodic drops in the stock market, even when they are as drastic as they were
last week, she said.

"I don't think it's scared off the serious investors," she said. "They know they
have to wait. They know they have to be patient ... . They know they can't make
money overnight."

Which means they know more than the duplicitous executives who are trying to
manipulate the market for their own gain.

Robert Seltzer's column appears every Sunday, Tuesday and Friday. He may be
reached at rseltzerelpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              May 4, 1997, Sunday

Paperbooks

BYLINE: Contributors: Phil Baker, Pam Barrett, Stephen Boyd, Caroline T Donald,
Jane

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 1474 words


* DINOSAUR IN A HAYSTACK. by Stephen Jay Gould

This seventh volume of Gould's monthly essays for Nature magazine shows he has
lost none of his mastery of the form. Although he returns often to his beloved
field of evolutionary biology, he writes about a huge range of subjects,
shedding the label "science writer" in the first essay - a delightful meditation
on New Yorkers enjoying a solar eclipse - and again in the last, which starts at
a Greek bus-stop, detours via some very bad poetry written by Darwin's
grandfather, and ends with a bus driver's street wisdom. If you've never read
Gould, do yourself a favour and try this collection (Penguin Pounds 9.99). AJ

* The Tailor of Panama

by John le Carre

Pendel and Braithwaite, formerly of Savile Row, London, is now tailor to Panama
City's "best and brightest fatcats". At the end of the century, the canal zone
will be handed back to Panama by the Americans, and one of the world's great
waterways will be up for grabs. British intelligence, in the shape of the
youthful, thrusting Andrew Osnard, sets up a station in the city, and who better
to supply Osnard with the secrets he craves than Harry Pendel, the tailor who
dresses the city's movers and shakers? What could be easier for Pendel than to
provide Osnard with secrets, even if he has to invent some of them? This is le
Carre at his most assured, a bleak, witty analysis of venality both national and
personal and how one begets the other (Coronet Pounds 6.99). SB

* Close Quarters

by Clare Curzon

The quiet Thames Valley commuter village of Mardham is shocked when the body of
a woman, mutilated and strangled, is found on the river bank near the village.
The case is handled by Superintendent Mike Yeadings, who has to uncover the
sexual secrets of the village's inhabitants to find the killer as other crimes
follow. Curzon has produced a good, solid whodunit with the requisite number of
red herrings. (Warner Pounds 5.99). SB

* The Unruly Queen

The Life of Queen Caroline

by Flora Fraser

Plucked from lowly Brunswick and forced to marry a man who cordially loathed
her, Queen Caroline suffered a fate which no doubt induces a grim note of
recognition in certain (former) royal households. The malice of her husband
George IV towards her seemed to know no bounds, stretching from carping at her
choice of companions to darker accusations of adultery. She could be reckless,
as the black farce of her attempt to gatecrash her estranged husband's
coronation, vividly detailed here, showed. But it was in Caroline's efforts to
build up a measure of independence against the continuing disaster of her
marriage that her true heroism emerged. Fraser has fashioned a moving and
compelling account of a life blighted by constant struggle, from which Caroline
emerges as a kind of broken twig in a family full of basket cases (Papermac
Pounds 10). JH

* The Zero Hour

by Joseph Finder

A sex, shopping and terrorism thriller: sex is provided by scenes set in New
York sado-masochism clubs; shopping comes from the brand-names of the clothes
people wear, the computers they use and the bomb-making equipment they buy; and
terrorism takes the form of the book's villain, Henrik Baumann, a South African
terrorist mercenary, sprung from a high-security jail near Cape Town by a
fugitive American millionaire who lives beyond extradition in a castle near
Geneva. He hires Baumann, for $ 10m, to blow up the computer network that
controls America's banking system because of a grudge he bears against that
country. If you can accept the outlandish plot, you will enjoy the nail-biting
finish (Orion Pounds 5.99). SB

* Mason's Retreat

by Christopher Tilghman

As Britain teeters on the brink of the second world war, Edward Mason's brood is
transplanted to his ancestor's Maryland mansion, its pre-war grandeur now
reduced to a mildewed shell. Even in the new world, though, one cannot escape
old sins; Edward's previous adulteries foster marital disenchantment and filial
contempt. When government business takes him back across the Atlantic, the
eldest son discovers a father figure in a black farm worker, Robert; his spouse
experiences ecstasy with a handsome mariner and the tale steadily edges towards
an unforeseen catastrophe. Tilghman is a measured storyteller whose novel shrugs
off its melodramatic constraints and communicates social flux and familial
crisis with a poise which harks back to the great American literature of the
period (Vintage Pounds 5.99). TL

* Brownout on Breadfruit

Boulevard by Timothy Mo

The novel's coprographical opening, one of the most infamous in recent years,
serves notice that the author's humour is somewhere near its ferocious and
scabrous best. Set against a bustling post-Marcos Philippines, the action plaits
and plots the less than pristine lives of denizens and interlopers alike; Boyet,
a weary hack, Init, a self-interested Congressman and his hectoring wife
Victoria, Crescente, a louche hoodlum, and not forgetting the feuding foreign
academics who have assembled for a debate on Asian values. Mo puts their
colourful shenanigans under the comedic microscope in this spicy cross-cultural
olio (Paddleless Press Pounds 5.99). TL

* Bloodhounds

by Peter Lovesey

The Bloodhounds meet weekly in the crypt of a church in Bath to discuss
detective novels. Then the body of one of the group is found on the locked
houseboat home of another member - and the only key is in the possession of
someone with a perfect alibi. Detective Superintendent Peter Diamond of the Bath
murder squad finds he has a locked-room mystery, so beloved of pre-war crime
writers, to solve. Lovesey has produced the perfect homage to a classic crime
fiction genre which will delight anyone who enjoys mysteries (Warner Pounds
5.99). SB

* Roustabout

by Michelle Chalfoun

Any lingering nostalgia about the romance of circus life will be brutally
crushed by this look at life behind the spotlights. As a teenager, the author
spent several years touring with a circus troupe; she has re-created a world
that sounds grimly authentic: grimy trailers, greasy truck-stops, and
performances fuelled by alcohol and cocaine. Mat, her protagonist, grows up the
hard way: at nine she is deserted by her mother and abused by her stepfather.
And adult life treats her little better: her vulnerability is so palpable that
men see her as an easy victim. But when one of them tells her to "Take your pain
and go home", Mat takes her revenge in a way that has dramatic consequences
(Flamingo Pounds 5.99). PB

* Animal Planet

by Scott Bradfield

If the lunatics can take over the asylum, why shouldn't furry creatures rule the
world? Hence an animal-liberationist group's raid on London Zoo and a clarion
call to action from street-wise seditionary, Charlie the crow. Loved by the
people, hated by the authorities, Charlie hooks up with laconic penguin Buster,
but finds his rebel squawk twisted by the spin-doctors, media-goons and
conglomerate hustlers for their own ends. Although Bradfield subscribes to the
scattershot school of satire, attempting to bag every reconstructed and
consumerist totem available, what might easily have been a featherbrained
farrago triumphs by dint of its infectious comic bravado (Picador Pounds 6.99).
TL

* Zola: A Life by Frederick Brown

How did Emile Zola die? He was murdered, according to this magisterial
biography, in a manner that would do credit to the finest traditions of the
classic "locked room" murder mystery. It's only one of the fascinating details
in this huge - nearly 900-page - book, which is as much about the culture and
politics of 19th-century France as about the man who gave us the word
"Zolaesque" for grimly sleazy. Brown reports Zola's researches into the
extraordinary Parisian demi-monde, with its celebrated horizontales and the
trumped-up police researches into Zola which reported, "the naturalist novelist
is no better a husband than he is a patriot...he terrorises his wife and kisses
the chambermaid in her presence".

Zola made himself so unpopular in certain quarters by his support of the
innocent Dreyfus, on whose behalf he wrote J'accuse, that he had to flee to
England. He hurriedly packed his nightshirt inside a newspaper to hide it, and
arrived incognito at Victoria Station before moving on to Wimbledon, where he
greatly admired the Broadway. But you want to know about that murder mystery. It
seems that an anti-Dreyfusard climbed on to Zola's roof and blocked his chimney
to asphyxiate him with carbon monoxide, removing the block early the next day to
leave no evidence. And still feelings ran so high that Dreyfus was shot and
wounded at Zola's funeral. It is an extraordinary story of a great man in
strange times (Papermac Pounds 15).

PhB


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Books

                    Copyright 1997 Times Newspapers Limited


                              705 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sunday Telegraph (LONDON)

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday

ECONOMICS JUSTIN MAROZZI ON A FIERCE ATTACK ON PROFITEERS IN HIGH PLACES

BYLINE: Justin Marozzi

SECTION: SEVEN; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 863 words


The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism

BY NAOMI KLEIN

ALLEN LANE/PENGUIN, pounds 25, 463 pp

T pounds 23 ( pounds 1.25 p&p) 0870 428 4115

Anything that makes uncomfortable reading for Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney is
a Very Good Thing. For the men who brought us the blood-soaked failure of the
Iraq war and a lucrative bonanza for the companies with which they were
associated, no obloquy can ever be enough.

In the best tradition of forensic North American journalism, Naomi Klein
documents the way both men wriggled this way and that to hang onto their
investments in defiance of conflict of interest rules.

She reports Rumsfeld's 'openly belligerent' behaviour towards the Senate Ethics
Committee, how he adamantly refused to divest his holdings in Gilead Sciences, a
company that held a patent on a drug that could be purchased by the Pentagon to
deal with epidemics (a national security issue).

It was a smart, if egregious move. Had he sold his stocks at his inauguration in
2001, he would have missed out on the 807 per cent rise they enjoyed during his
tenure, a meteoric performance in no way harmed by a $58 million Pentagon
purchase of the patented drug.

Cheney, meanwhile, proved equally reluctant to sever his fantastically
profitable connection with Halliburton, the mother of all government 'services
providers'. At the time of his inauguration, according to the Wall Street
Journal, he had kept 189,000 Halliburton shares and 500,000 unvested options,
investments bringing in millions of dollars, in addition to the princely perk of
a deferred annual income of $211,000. Before the invasion of Iraq, the stock

price was $10. Three years later it had soared to $41. Nice war if you can get
it.

You could call all this the apotheosis

of venality but that would still feel like

an understatement.

Rumsfeld and Cheney are just two

high-profile casualties of Naomi Klein's uncompromising book, a fierce riposte
to the doctrine of economic shock therapy - which uses moments of collective
crisis to create economic upheaval for 'Wild West corporations' to exploit amid
a traumatised population - first devised in the 1950s

by Milton Friedman, the legendary economics professor at the University of
Chicago. Friedman, who died last year,

was the darling of Reagan and Thatcher,

an inspiration of the unfettered free-market movement which was the precursor of
globalisation.

Naomi Klein comes to this subject with baggage. With No Logo, her previous
bestseller, she became a self-appointed scourge of global brands. She is no
friend of either corporate America or global capitalism, hence the argument that
the stock, real estate and currency markets

are nothing more than 'crisis-creation machines'. To posit a 'shock doctrine' is
fine as a headline-grabbing argument

but rather flimsy as a coherent theory. However passionately she insists that
the political brutality of Pinochet's Chile - which she calls 'the first Chicago
School state' - was the essential handmaiden of economic shock therapy, most
readers will persist in seeing the two phenomena as distinctly different. To
equate CIA torture techniques with IMF shock therapy prescriptions is just
potty.

Yet if this innate hostility to the free market leads her to push too far in
formulating the highly sinister theory that global capitalism seeks wars and
disasters for its own ends, The Shock Doctrine is much too clever, closely
observed and cogently argued to be dismissed as the rantings of the loony Left.
Klein's best and most interesting reporting is not on the Latin American
experiments in free-market reform, which is central to her overstated case
against Friedman, so much as the war on Iraq and the corporatist nature of
Bush's White House. If she strikes a chord in 2007, it is surely because during
the past six years the nexus between big business and the US administration has
become uncomfortably and scandalously close.

Equally disturbing is how easily - and profitably - the gilded foreign policy
and homeland security élite glides between government and private sector. It is
far too cosy an arrangement, a system which resulted in the low farce of former
Secretary of State James Baker's mission to cancel Iraq's debt at the same time
as the Carlyle Group, in which he had a reported $180 million stake, was seeking
to earn $1 billion from the Kuwaiti government to recoup a tranche of ... Iraqi
debt.

Klein is rightly angry that men such

as Baker, George Schultz and Richard Perle are interviewed by the media as
disinterested pundits in foreign policy debates when in practice they have
powerful vested interests served by the very policies they promote. In one of
the book's more memorable phrases she dismisses Perle, an arch-hawk on Iraq,

as an 'arms dealer with an impressive vocabulary'. When challenged by the
Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Seymour Hersh's assertion that he had set up a
company (Trireme Partners) that could benefit from the Iraq war, Perle responded
by calling Hersh 'the closest thing American journalism has to a terrorist'. In
years to come the debasement of political debate will be looked upon as one of
the many tragedies of American politics after September 11.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 20, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

EX-POLICE CHIEF'S ESTATE IS RAIDED IN MEXICO

BYLINE: By RICHARD J. MEISLIN

SECTION: Section A; Page 11, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY, Jan. 19


A large estate built by Mexico City's former police chief was raided by the
authorities today.

A spokesman for the Mexican Attorney General would not say what was found, but
said an announcement in the case was expected Friday.

The former chief, Arturo Durazo Moreno, appears to have become the next major
target in a Government campaign against corruption.

His estate, known as ''the Parthenon'' for its size and style, is in the Pacific
resort town of Zihuatanejo. The raid followed two others made Wednesday at Mr.
Durazo's residences in and around the capital by the Attorney General's office
and customs agents.

A Mexican official said the Attorney General's office was looking into tax
evasion as the most expeditious way of charging Mr. Durazo.

Finding Mr. Durazo and returning him to Mexico is likely to be difficult. The
former police chief left the country soon after his departure from office late
in 1982 and has been variously reported to be residing in the United States,
Canada and Europe.

A top Mexican Government official said last month that Mr. Durazo was believed
to be in La Jolla, Calif., but United States officials here and in Washington
said they could not confirm his presence there and had received no inquires from
Mexico about extraditing him.

In his tenure under President Jose Lopez Portillo, Mr. Durazo and the police
department he led were widely portrayed as symbols in the public mind of
venality in public office.

Efforts by the administration of President Miguel de la Madrid to clean up the
department and its image have met only marginal success.

Shortly after taking office, Mr. de la Madrid dismantled the Department for the
Investigation and Prevention of Deliquency, a plainclothes unit known for its
brutal activities. And last September, Mexico City policemen were given new,
more professional-looking uniforms of dark blue, which the new police chief,
Ramon Mota Sanchez, said would ''also change their mentality and attitudes.''
The old uniforms, of a light blue-gray, were considered outdated and less trim.

But some police customs - such as soliciting bribes and assaulting and robbing
citizens - have proved to be more than uniform deep and difficult to break.

A paperback book by Mr. Durazo's former chief assistant, Jose Gonzalez Gonzalez,
published last November, charged that while in office, Mr. Durazo became wealthy
through extortion, robbery, fraud, torture and trafficking in narcotics and
other contraband. Mr. Gonzalez also asserted that he had killed several people
on Mr. Durazo's behalf.

The book became an instant bestseller here and stirred new waves of comment and
discontent about the police. But top Government officials said it did not
provide the evidence needed to attempt to apprehend either Mr. Durazo or Mr.
Gonzalez.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              707 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                November 1, 2004

After Blundering Bush Years, John Kerry for President

BYLINE: NYO Staff

SECTION: THE FRONT PAGE; Front Page 5, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1849 words


So here we are, with less than a week to go before Election Day.

Many have wondered if this election is a momentous choice or if it's business as
usual, another race like 1988, when another George Bush ran against another man
from Massachusetts.

The answer should be self-evident.

Has America ever had another period like the last four years? We don't mean only
the indescribable events of Sept. 11, 2001; the last four years have seen
history made, of many kinds.

If it is true, as Ralph Waldo Emerson said, that "there is properly no history;
only biography," then in many ways George W. Bush's life has become our own: His
character, thinking and decision-making have defined the course of this nation.

It's hard to believe that only four years have passed since Mr. Bush left Texas
and his callow past to assume the post of leader of the free world. So much has
changed since the Supreme Court anointed Mr. Bush as President in late 2000.
Little of that change has been for the better, and the America of Inauguration
Day, 2001, now seems to belong to a vanished era.

Mr. Bush took office before the catastrophe that would change his Presidency and
the way we live today and will live far into a distant and unknowable future. In
so many ways, Sept. 11, 2001, was a historical dividing line for the nation, the
world and this Presidency. And it was thrust upon Mr. Bush, as it was upon all
of us.

Before Sept. 11, this generation believed that the stupidities, absurdities,
corruptions and venalities of modern American politics were the new business as
usual. Before Sept. 11, the President of the United States, the indispensable
man in American life, could still afford to be a kind of imperial Li'l Abner,
brave, good-natured and oblivious. Bill Clinton persuaded us that Presidential
intelligence was a plus but character didn't matter because, hell, everybody was
getting rich, and the greatest national frenzy was triggered by the illicit act
of a President with the intellect of Woodrow Wilson and the impulses of Warren
Harding.

So, to succeed Mr. Clinton, the nation sort of elected the ne'er-do-well son of
a former President, a Connecticut preppie in Stetson boots, figuring that we
could take our chances with him because, really, how much damage could he do? As
a personality, he had an advantage on his stiff opponent, Al Gore. His ignorance
of world events seemed inconsequential as long as the economy kept creating
wealth and jobs. He was another example of what the age seemed to be creating, a
personality with a slogan: "I'm a uniter, not a divider," with a wink toward
those who knew he meant exactly the opposite.

Mr. Bush blundered his way through the first eight months of his Presidency,
making ominous appointments, such as John Ashcroft as Attorney General, relying
on ideologues with battle plans in their back pockets, such as Deputy Secretary
of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, and throwing in the occasional ineffective moderate,
such as Christie Todd Whitman at the E.P.A., who landed among her colleagues
with the power of kindling thrown into a bonfire.

Mr. Bush then managed to set into motion staggering, mind-boggling, almost
hallucinatory tax cuts and rebates, destroying Bill Clinton's most impressive
legacy -- an American balance sheet written in black ink -- and hurling the
federal budget from a $5.6 trillion surplus back into a $5 trillion deficit.

Then, eight months into his term, came 9/11. Suddenly, the nation realized that
there were zealots in the world willing to die if given the chance to kill
Americans and destroy American institutions, zealots who were uninterested in
Hollywood movies, half-time spectacles, pop singers, fast foods, Internet stocks
and the incessant narcissism of upward mobility. The nation's bewildered
reaction recalled the words of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, who wrote in the 1970's
that "the world is a dangerous place ... [and] not everyone knows that."

The nation can no longer entrust its future to a man so unsuited, in intellect
and temperament, to grave responsibilities. John Kerry of Massachusetts is not a
perfect alternative, but an impressive alternative he is.

The Observer endorses Mr. Kerry and his running mate, John Edwards.

Mr. Kerry is nobody's idea of an ideal campaigner, but his record and his
rhetoric demonstrate that he understands, as Moynihan did, just how dangerous a
place our planet can be. Indeed, it is so dangerous that only a fool would argue
that our historic allies are our enemies, that civil liberties are expendable,
and that public information is dangerous. Yet those have been exactly the
arguments of the Bush Presidency. This nation is in no position to do what an
anonymous Bush aide suggested: create our own reality. We are not that powerful;
no nation is. A fool's paradise can also be a fool's purgatory.

Contrary to the Bush campaign's desperate slanders, John Kerry does understand
that the world changed on Sept. 11, 2001. He knows -- how could he not? -- that
a ruthless enemy wishes to bring death and destruction not only to America, but
to all that is not fundamentally Islamic. Like all of us, he yearns to beat this
clear and present danger into a sidelined beast. Achieving that goal will
require more than arms. It will require the rest of the world.

Oddly, the interventionist Mr. Bush is a throwback to the isolationist
Republicans of another era, a generation of politicians grounded in a
combination of ignorance, public pandering and anger. This self-declared "War
President" who found personal purpose in 9/11 would be agog that anyone could
accuse him of living in an isolationist bubble -- but he is. His team cooked the
books and doctored the documents to convince the world that Saddam was a mortal
threat to world peace. He rewarded the few allies who agreed with him. With
those who disagreed (and who were, in the end, right about Saddam's arsenal), he
was the diplomatic equivalent of the brat who plugs his fingers in his ears to
keep unpleasant truths far away.

Along the way, he has subverted the American ideas of truth, democratic
responsibility and respect for the citizen. He has obfuscated and sloganeered,
bridling, blustering and braying when asked for accountability, displaying a
bullying arrogance and pride of ignorance rarely witnessed in Presidential
history. He embraced distorted information, then punished the servile C.I.A.
messengers for providing exactly the disinformation his administration had
demanded all along.

As a front man, this light-minded draft dodger is a pale shadow of the man he
seeks to emulate, Ronald Reagan. The late President was a giant of principle and
pragmatism compared to George W. Bush.

It is time for him to go. He has sharded America's reputation abroad, weakened
our economy, undermined the concept of American democracy. His Presidency has
been more than a disaster: It has been an assault on the integrity of American
life.

After Osama bin Laden's fundamentalist thugs murdered thousands of our friends,
neighbors and fellow Americans, we instantly understood how wrong we were in the
1990's, when we believed that nothing mattered, that political leaders were a
subset of the celebrity culture, that ironic detachment was preferable to
earnest engagement. We were, as a nation, creating a thoroughly spoiled,
self-satisfied culture.

Through the example of heroic first-responders on 9/11, we saw the values that
are at stake in this new conflict. The men and women who rushed into the doomed
towers sacrificed their lives to save others. They loved life; they are our
heroes. Those who immolated themselves to murder thousands of innocent people in
the Twin Towers and the Pentagon sought only death. What more must we know?

George W. Bush provided leadership in the immediate aftermath of that terrible
day. The terrorist masterminds, like Hitler in the late 1930's, believed that
Americans were too flabby and content to defend their interests and would do
anything to avoid war. Osama bin Laden, it has been said, told his minions that
the Americans would never come to Afghanistan.

But we did, and we did not go alone. We overthrew the murderous Taliban regime
with the help of friends and allies who share our values, who saw -- as we
belatedly saw -- the challenge of a new kind of fascism posing as religious
dogma.

The months following 9/11 were Mr. Bush's finest hours. It seems amazing to
recall that the civilized world rallied around wounded, grieving America in the
fall of 2001. Mr. Bush was presented with a glorious opportunity, a chance to
rally the world against a new and pernicious form of totalitarianism.

But Mr. Bush, in a spectacular and historic blunder, gave in to his own worst
instincts and his ideologically consumed advisors' dim-sighted strategies in
2002. He alienated allies and friends as he focused not on Al Qaeda and Osama
bin Laden, but on what he insisted was the uncompleted business with Saddam
Hussein and Iraq, and soon forfeited the good will capital that this country had
gained, literally out of the blue. His management of the war has been a
disaster. Indeed, the shocking theft of 380 tons of explosives from an
unprotected bunker in Iraq demonstrates the President's incompetence as
commander in chief.

At home, he has pursued a radical right-wing agenda, redistributing income to
the rich, restricting American rights, rabidly shredding environmental
protections, feeding noncompetitive government favors to his cronies and the
Vice President's, and giving his best rendition of feigned indignation when
faced with the gross excesses of criminal corporations and their C.E.O.'s.

Mr. Bush campaigned as a compassionate conservative but has governed as a
right-wing ideologue, a servant to the angriest demagogues in this good-natured
and generous land. Devoid of curiosity, addicted to a stubborn belief in a few
intractable ideas, programmed by tutors, cut off from newspapers, schooled by a
mere decade in public life, he has little idea of or interest in the disaster he
has made in the world and at home. He refuses to accept that the world is, in
fact, more dangerous today than it was before his rabid crew had their way with
the greatness of this nation.

John Kerry understands that disorder is dangerous in this world, that
intelligence and rationality are the right partners to passion, resolve and
principle. As he showed in his three focused and well-prepared debate
performances with President Bush, he is a man of intensity and rationality,
whose 30 years in public life have prepared him to restore America's fundamental
understanding of what it takes to be the "last, best hope on earth." A soldier
of freedom, an American idealist, a public man with a tested private soul, he
seems to understand that leadership in a democracy entails eliciting the better
angels of our nature, and that greatness begins with goodness and surmounts in
strength.

John Kerry is the right choice now to lead our country.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 The New York Observer, L.P.


                              708 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                November 1, 2004

After Blundering Bush Years, John Kerry for President

BYLINE: NYO Staff

SECTION: POLITICS & OPINIONS; Editorials, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1849 words


So here we are, with less than a week to go before Election Day.

Many have wondered if this election is a momentous choice or if it's business as
usual, another race like 1988, when another George Bush ran against another man
from Massachusetts.

The answer should be self-evident.

Has America ever had another period like the last four years? We don't mean only
the indescribable events of Sept. 11, 2001; the last four years have seen
history made, of many kinds.

If it is true, as Ralph Waldo Emerson said, that "there is properly no history;
only biography," then in many ways George W. Bush's life has become our own: His
character, thinking and decision-making have defined the course of this nation.

It's hard to believe that only four years have passed since Mr. Bush left Texas
and his callow past to assume the post of leader of the free world. So much has
changed since the Supreme Court anointed Mr. Bush as President in late 2000.
Little of that change has been for the better, and the America of Inauguration
Day, 2001, now seems to belong to a vanished era.

Mr. Bush took office before the catastrophe that would change his Presidency and
the way we live today and will live far into a distant and unknowable future. In
so many ways, Sept. 11, 2001, was a historical dividing line for the nation, the
world and this Presidency. And it was thrust upon Mr. Bush, as it was upon all
of us.

Before Sept. 11, this generation believed that the stupidities, absurdities,
corruptions and venalities of modern American politics were the new business as
usual. Before Sept. 11, the President of the United States, the indispensable
man in American life, could still afford to be a kind of imperial Li'l Abner,
brave, good-natured and oblivious. Bill Clinton persuaded us that Presidential
intelligence was a plus but character didn't matter because, hell, everybody was
getting rich, and the greatest national frenzy was triggered by the illicit act
of a President with the intellect of Woodrow Wilson and the impulses of Warren
Harding.

So, to succeed Mr. Clinton, the nation sort of elected the ne'er-do-well son of
a former President, a Connecticut preppie in Stetson boots, figuring that we
could take our chances with him because, really, how much damage could he do? As
a personality, he had an advantage on his stiff opponent, Al Gore. His ignorance
of world events seemed inconsequential as long as the economy kept creating
wealth and jobs. He was another example of what the age seemed to be creating, a
personality with a slogan: "I'm a uniter, not a divider," with a wink toward
those who knew he meant exactly the opposite.

Mr. Bush blundered his way through the first eight months of his Presidency,
making ominous appointments, such as John Ashcroft as Attorney General, relying
on ideologues with battle plans in their back pockets, such as Deputy Secretary
of Defense Paul Wolfowitz, and throwing in the occasional ineffective moderate,
such as Christie Todd Whitman at the E.P.A., who landed among her colleagues
with the power of kindling thrown into a bonfire.

Mr. Bush then managed to set into motion staggering, mind-boggling, almost
hallucinatory tax cuts and rebates, destroying Bill Clinton's most impressive
legacy -- an American balance sheet written in black ink -- and hurling the
federal budget from a $5.6 trillion surplus back into a $5 trillion deficit.

Then, eight months into his term, came 9/11. Suddenly, the nation realized that
there were zealots in the world willing to die if given the chance to kill
Americans and destroy American institutions, zealots who were uninterested in
Hollywood movies, half-time spectacles, pop singers, fast foods, Internet stocks
and the incessant narcissism of upward mobility. The nation's bewildered
reaction recalled the words of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, who wrote in the 1970's
that "the world is a dangerous place ... [and] not everyone knows that."

The nation can no longer entrust its future to a man so unsuited, in intellect
and temperament, to grave responsibilities. John Kerry of Massachusetts is not a
perfect alternative, but an impressive alternative he is.

The Observer endorses Mr. Kerry and his running mate, John Edwards.

Mr. Kerry is nobody's idea of an ideal campaigner, but his record and his
rhetoric demonstrate that he understands, as Moynihan did, just how dangerous a
place our planet can be. Indeed, it is so dangerous that only a fool would argue
that our historic allies are our enemies, that civil liberties are expendable,
and that public information is dangerous. Yet those have been exactly the
arguments of the Bush Presidency. This nation is in no position to do what an
anonymous Bush aide suggested: create our own reality. We are not that powerful;
no nation is. A fool's paradise can also be a fool's purgatory.

Contrary to the Bush campaign's desperate slanders, John Kerry does understand
that the world changed on Sept. 11, 2001. He knows -- how could he not? -- that
a ruthless enemy wishes to bring death and destruction not only to America, but
to all that is not fundamentally Islamic. Like all of us, he yearns to beat this
clear and present danger into a sidelined beast. Achieving that goal will
require more than arms. It will require the rest of the world.

Oddly, the interventionist Mr. Bush is a throwback to the isolationist
Republicans of another era, a generation of politicians grounded in a
combination of ignorance, public pandering and anger. This self-declared "War
President" who found personal purpose in 9/11 would be agog that anyone could
accuse him of living in an isolationist bubble -- but he is. His team cooked the
books and doctored the documents to convince the world that Saddam was a mortal
threat to world peace. He rewarded the few allies who agreed with him. With
those who disagreed (and who were, in the end, right about Saddam's arsenal), he
was the diplomatic equivalent of the brat who plugs his fingers in his ears to
keep unpleasant truths far away.

Along the way, he has subverted the American ideas of truth, democratic
responsibility and respect for the citizen. He has obfuscated and sloganeered,
bridling, blustering and braying when asked for accountability, displaying a
bullying arrogance and pride of ignorance rarely witnessed in Presidential
history. He embraced distorted information, then punished the servile C.I.A.
messengers for providing exactly the disinformation his administration had
demanded all along.

As a front man, this light-minded draft dodger is a pale shadow of the man he
seeks to emulate, Ronald Reagan. The late President was a giant of principle and
pragmatism compared to George W. Bush.

It is time for him to go. He has sharded America's reputation abroad, weakened
our economy, undermined the concept of American democracy. His Presidency has
been more than a disaster: It has been an assault on the integrity of American
life.

After Osama bin Laden's fundamentalist thugs murdered thousands of our friends,
neighbors and fellow Americans, we instantly understood how wrong we were in the
1990's, when we believed that nothing mattered, that political leaders were a
subset of the celebrity culture, that ironic detachment was preferable to
earnest engagement. We were, as a nation, creating a thoroughly spoiled,
self-satisfied culture.

Through the example of heroic first-responders on 9/11, we saw the values that
are at stake in this new conflict. The men and women who rushed into the doomed
towers sacrificed their lives to save others. They loved life; they are our
heroes. Those who immolated themselves to murder thousands of innocent people in
the Twin Towers and the Pentagon sought only death. What more must we know?

George W. Bush provided leadership in the immediate aftermath of that terrible
day. The terrorist masterminds, like Hitler in the late 1930's, believed that
Americans were too flabby and content to defend their interests and would do
anything to avoid war. Osama bin Laden, it has been said, told his minions that
the Americans would never come to Afghanistan.

But we did, and we did not go alone. We overthrew the murderous Taliban regime
with the help of friends and allies who share our values, who saw -- as we
belatedly saw -- the challenge of a new kind of fascism posing as religious
dogma.

The months following 9/11 were Mr. Bush's finest hours. It seems amazing to
recall that the civilized world rallied around wounded, grieving America in the
fall of 2001. Mr. Bush was presented with a glorious opportunity, a chance to
rally the world against a new and pernicious form of totalitarianism.

But Mr. Bush, in a spectacular and historic blunder, gave in to his own worst
instincts and his ideologically consumed advisors' dim-sighted strategies in
2002. He alienated allies and friends as he focused not on Al Qaeda and Osama
bin Laden, but on what he insisted was the uncompleted business with Saddam
Hussein and Iraq, and soon forfeited the good will capital that this country had
gained, literally out of the blue. His management of the war has been a
disaster. Indeed, the shocking theft of 380 tons of explosives from an
unprotected bunker in Iraq demonstrates the President's incompetence as
commander in chief.

At home, he has pursued a radical right-wing agenda, redistributing income to
the rich, restricting American rights, rabidly shredding environmental
protections, feeding noncompetitive government favors to his cronies and the
Vice President's, and giving his best rendition of feigned indignation when
faced with the gross excesses of criminal corporations and their C.E.O.'s.

Mr. Bush campaigned as a compassionate conservative but has governed as a
right-wing ideologue, a servant to the angriest demagogues in this good-natured
and generous land. Devoid of curiosity, addicted to a stubborn belief in a few
intractable ideas, programmed by tutors, cut off from newspapers, schooled by a
mere decade in public life, he has little idea of or interest in the disaster he
has made in the world and at home. He refuses to accept that the world is, in
fact, more dangerous today than it was before his rabid crew had their way with
the greatness of this nation.

John Kerry understands that disorder is dangerous in this world, that
intelligence and rationality are the right partners to passion, resolve and
principle. As he showed in his three focused and well-prepared debate
performances with President Bush, he is a man of intensity and rationality,
whose 30 years in public life have prepared him to restore America's fundamental
understanding of what it takes to be the "last, best hope on earth." A soldier
of freedom, an American idealist, a public man with a tested private soul, he
seems to understand that leadership in a democracy entails eliciting the better
angels of our nature, and that greatness begins with goodness and surmounts in
strength.

John Kerry is the right choice now to lead our country.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 The New York Observer, L.P.


                              709 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Letter to the editor: Need for extreme vigilance

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Need for extreme vigilance

Received Dec. 11

Congratulations on your recent Commentary, "Like gold waiting to be mined."

First, I appreciate the fact that your staff occasionally takes a position, or
raises questions, on key issues of the day.

I am a strong advocate for public lands. I am afraid many Idaho citizens are
apathetic to the threat. I believe Idaho's leading politicians have shown some
level of public lands support. But given how easy is was for Republican party
leadership to threaten Crapo if he did not support Trump, I am not convinced
that any of these men can withstand the pressures of a top federal official
(like McMorris Rodgers) if that official threatens them in some way that would
jeopardize their future in politics.

This is the venality that is prevalent when money, rather than principle, holds
the upper hand. There is room for hope, but given Trump's early picks, including
Interior and Environmental Protection Agency, there is need for extreme
vigilance.

Let's hope this new administration does not follow the path of Reagan who hired
James Watt and others who had no positive connection to public lands. If the
word "conservation" would ever come out of the mouth of a Republican, I would
feel better.

I am a friend in Rexburg who likes what you are doing and who recognizes that
you publish a much better newspaper than the one here. And I like the paper in
my hand, not the one online.

(Word count: 245)

DICK SPACKMAN

Rexburg

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 12, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Doctor's Order;
Oklahoma Republican Tom Coburn Is Back On Capitol Hill, Budgetary Scalpel at the
Ready

BYLINE: Hanna Rosin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; D01

LENGTH: 3664 words


"There comes a minute when it is quiet and he can hear those voices he carried
away in his ears a long time back. He can make out what they say and they say:
Come back. They say: Come back, boy. So he comes back."

-- Willie Stark,

from Robert Penn Warren's "All the King's Men"

Tom Coburn has been here before, he can do this. During the four-day orientation
for new senators, he can play the good student, sit through lectures by his
soon-to-be colleagues on what they think is important, Washington words like
"bipartisanship" and "ethics rules," be instructed like a third-grader on how to
make friends with the other team.

When the "Marvelous Seven" new Republican senators are introduced to the media,
reporters ignore the others and swarm around Coburn like bees to soda pop,
waiting for him to fizz. But he is prepared. Dr. Coburn, what about partial
birth abortion? they ask the senator-elect from Oklahoma. Dr. Coburn, what about
gay marriage? What about values, Dr. Coburn?

But he resists unleashing one of his prophetic warnings from the campaign about
"rampant lesbianism" or abortion doctors getting the death penalty or the
venality of your average Washington politician. Instead, he says he'll be
cautious, observant, collegial: "I promise you I'll be sleeping every night with
that rule book," he says, meaning "Riddick's Senate Procedure," a 1,500-page
manual.

"Dr. Coburn, how long do you think you can keep that up?" one exasperated
reporter finally asks.

The answer is, about as long as it takes to get back to Muskogee, back to his
homey closet of a doctor's office, to his reclining mahogany chair, to his mug
of tea and pictures of his grandchildren and framed fragments of Scripture and
all the quiet comforts that let him hear his own voice again.

The rules they learned in the orientation session on ethics? "Ridiculous," he
says. "Crazy." He can fly his wife home from Washington with frequent-flier
miles, but not to Washington. He can dine with a lobbyist, but only once. "Just
think about it," he says. "I'm 56 years of age. I've had three jobs, raised
three kids. If somebody can buy my vote for a dinner, I shouldn't be here in the
first place.

"I'm just going to ignore all that and do what I think is ethically right and
aboveboard. And I suspect that's what everyone else does, too."

Ahhh. Tom Coburn is really back. You can hear the collective sigh of relief from
those political junkies who have been secretly dreading four more years of the
same dull party discipline.

On election night, while most of us hung on Ohio, Joe Scarborough watched as
Coburn's lead against Democrat Brad Carson grew by one point, then five, then
12. Suddenly, the former congressman, now host of his own MSNBC show, felt that
old thrill run through him.

"Good God," he recalls thinking. "May God help the leadership of the Republican
Senate. I just can't imagine. I can't imagine how much fun it's going to be to
watch Tom Coburn go after his own."

Like Coburn, Scarborough was one of the House rebels from the freshman class of
1994 who shut down the government over a spending bill and led the coup against
House Speaker Newt Gingrich. But none of them were ever really like Coburn. Most
got star-struck, addicted to politics. They ignored their term-limit pledges and
stayed. A couple became lobbyists. But after serving three terms, Coburn went
back to Oklahoma, back to being a family doctor, just as he said he would.

"Tom is in a league to himself," says Scarborough. "Unlike a lot of people, he
really believes what he says."

When Coburn says he's against "pork barrel spending," that means he refused $15
million in funds for his own state and publicly shamed the legislator who had
"bribed" him with it. When he says he's against "career politicians," that means
he has written a tell-all book, "Breach of Trust," saying, for example, that
some offhand comment of Sen. Trent Lott's "made me sick."

It means his best friend is a soybean farmer who learned the other meaning of
"blackberry" only this summer. It means he can count his allies in the political
world on two hands. It means that a month before the race, his colleagues in
Washington were so dreading his return that House Speaker  Dennis Hastert
(R-Ill.) publicly predicted Coburn would lose.

In the left-wing blogosphere, Coburn is just House Majority Leader Tom DeLay
(R-Tex.) in a doctor's lab coat. Coburn says, "I favor the death penalty for
abortionists." He said during the campaign that the "battle for our culture is a
battle between good and evil." He told a meeting of local Republicans that "the
gay community has infiltrated the very centers of power. They are the greatest
threat, that agenda is the greatest threat to our freedom that we face today."

But those who know him best see him as the antithesis of DeLay: a man disgusted
by party building and political favoritism and redistricting. In his book Coburn
quotes C.S. Lewis and "The Lord of the Rings" on the seductive dangers of the
precious jewel. It's like "morphine," he writes. "It dulls the senses, impairs
judgments. . . . Just as drug addicts sometimes stop at nothing to obtain their
drug, politicians will often stop at nothing to gain access to more power."

Some might wonder why, after six maddening years in the House,  he would return
to this den of iniquity. But for those who know him well, this is no mystery.

"If you are Jeremiah, the prophet of doom," says a political observer who knows
him well, "this is the place you go to condemn."

He never wanted to return to Washington, he says, still doesn't in many ways.
But when he told everyone that, he just couldn't sleep. It was the last Saturday
night in February, and he'd just gone to dinner with Rep. Steve Largent, another
one of the House rebels from Oklahoma and one of Coburn's few close political
friends. He told Largent he'd decided not to run for the Senate, that he'd
already drafted the announcement and planned to release it that Monday. Largent
e-mailed Kirk Humphreys, the other Republican in the race. "Good news, Kirk," he
wrote. "Coburn's not running."

Coburn called his mother that night, too. "Mother, I'm not going to run for
Senate," she recalls him saying. "But people just won't leave me alone." Coburn
had recently been through chemotherapy for colon cancer and he was feeling weak.

"I said, 'If you're supposed to be a U.S. senator, you will. Put it in the
Lord's hands and leave it there,' " Joy Herrell recalls (she remarried after
Coburn's  father died). "But he just had an awful feeling."

He went to bed but just lay awake. What plagued him, he says, was "an impression
in my spiritual life that I was supposed to do this."

"Financially, it's terrible. For my family, it's terrible. And politically, it's
stupid to get into a race six to nine months after everyone's already into it.
But it's kind of been one of those things that's marked my life. I learned to be
obedient to that still inner voice. There are pauses in all of our spirits where
we get checked. Whether it's just an impression or God really speaking to you, I
don't know, but you get a sense that this is where you're supposed to go. And
when you listen there's a settledness."

At 6 a.m. Monday he called his mother again to tell her he'd changed his mind

He tells this story matter-of-factly, with no hush or strangeness or booming
prophecy in his voice. He tells it like a man familiar with the miraculous
dimension in ordinary life. What did he hear that night? What did the inner
voice say that lead him away from his beautiful home in western Muskogee, from
his wife and daughters and grandchildren and all the patients who need him? What
could have possibly led him back to the hungry lions?

"He believes it was a calling," says Jan Pearson, wife of his friend Charles,
the farmer. "He just felt that's what God wanted him to do."

Coburn and his wife worship at the nondenominational New Community Church just
off Shawnee Bypass on the east side of town. They just got a new building, but
that's not important. Nor is the pastor important, the congregants will tell
you. What matters is every individual's personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
"Jesus is real. He's alive," Pastor Tim Salters will preach. "Get to know him
more and more."

Listen closely, watch for the signs, obey. This is how you will discover your
true purpose, why you were put on this Earth. It may come to you at breakfast or
while talking to a friend. You may discover you are called as a missionary to
Africa, a teacher for the blind. You may still be looking for signs.

Coburn's friends will point to the cancer, his second bout with the disease.
Once again, he was ill, once again he survived. "He looks at this and thinks,
'Who would have thought I'd be here?' " says Cole. "I've beaten cancer twice.
God must want me to be here. God must have chosen me to do something."

He will say that, too, if he's pushed. But mostly he saw the signs in the
newspaper every day. A federal court strikes down a  ban on "partial birth
abortion."  Gay weddings in San Francisco. A bloated spending bill lands on
President Bush's desk and he leaves his veto pen in the drawer. And Coburn's
growing feeling that he alone sees what's happening.

"Look, I got my finger in the dike," says Coburn, describing his role in the new
Senate, and he could be talking about any number of things -- Medicare, Social
Security, the deficit, the health care system, sexually transmitted diseases,
traditional marriage, the future of your children and grandchildren.

Four years had gone by since he left Washington and Coburn was still seeing
teenagers come into his office who had dozens of sexual partners and one or
another venereal disease. Four years had gone by and legislators were behaving
exactly the way they did before, passing budgets stuffed with pork and bragging
about how "tight" they'd been.

"My goal is not to make anyone look bad," he says. "My goal is to convince
people we're saving the next generation's economic freedom. I think the vast
majority of people see that. They just don't see the alarm bells going off, as I
do."

Bush might do the right thing -- stem the moral drift, cut the deficit -- but
his mind is "cluttered" by advisers whispering to him, Coburn says. This is what
he discovers, over and over. This is what brought him to Washington, and what
brings him back: Leaders will fail you, in business, in church, in politics.
Eventually they will succumb to the lure of power, they are "cowards,"
"selfish," he writes in his book. They are, in his famous term for the Oklahoma
City establishment, "crapheads." They don't see what he sees.

When he is listening, Coburn stares so intently he seems not to blink behind
those wireless frames. He is not at all brusque, but doesn't chitchat or joke
much.

Most days Coburn starts out at 6 a.m. doing rounds at the Muskogee Regional
Hospital Center. Then he heads down the street to see patients at his family
practice, which specializes in obstetrics. By 9 p.m. he's home for dinner. When
he first got to Congress in 1994, he called Charles Pearson to say he was bored.
"There's nothing to do up here," Pearson recalls him saying. "I think I'll find
a clinic to work at."

"He could be a little rebellious," his mother says, recalling his boyhood. "But
I tell you what: He's a fine Christian."

He was the third child born to O.W. and Joy Coburn. As a boy he had the spirit
of a third-born child but the superego of a first. "He always had something
exciting going on," she recalls. That something usually led to broken arms or
legs. Once, he persuaded his older brothers to jump off the garage roof, using a
towel as a parachute. Because of his penchant for mischief, his uncle nicknamed
him "Stinkweed."

But he was no rebel. She remembers when Tom was in the fourth grade and another
mother came to the house and told her that one of the boys had been up to no
good in the playground that day. It was Tom who stood up in class and told the
teacher "what that boy did was not the Christian thing to do," his mother
recalls.

In the fifth grade he changed a grade on his report card before he gave it to
his mother to sign. All of a sudden she heard footsteps running back to her.
"Mother, I have to tell you something," she recalls him saying. "I changed my
grade."

"You're going to have to ask God to forgive you," she told him.

"I know it. I already talked to God about it."

His father was then struggling to start a company that manufactured equipment to
process optical lenses. He paid his sons a quarter an hour to sort five-gallon
buckets of bolts, nuts and washers in the garage. By the time they were in high
school, Coburn Optical was the biggest employer in Muskogee, and all the boys
and their younger sister had their own cars.

His father was driven and serious. Jim says he was also an alcoholic, not a
"mean drunk, but we would see him stumble home and mother would carry him away
to the bedroom." From that, his friends and family guess, Coburn developed his
enormous self-discipline.

His friends say he likes a good cigar and a drink. But just one cigar, two
drinks.

After his junior year at Oklahoma State University, Coburn married the woman his
mother says he'd been in love with they were in kindergarten together: Carolyn
Denton, Miss Oklahoma 1967. She had accounted for his one bit of true outlaw
behavior -- a fistfight at a hot dog stand with another boy who'd asked her out.
The wedding took place in the summer of '68, and by the next summer they moved
to Virginia, just outside Richmond, so he could help his father get a new
business off the ground.

"I was focused on business, kind of driven. I was sort of aloof from the
counterculture. I never even heard of marijuana," he says. Coburn proved to be a
spectacular businessman. He took over the lens division and grew it in just
under a decade from about $100,000 in sales to $40 million to $50 million. When
a strike broke out, he quashed it. When a Japanese competitor threatened, he
proposed an overhaul that seemed financially reckless to everyone at the time,
but that ended up saving the company.

In 1975 Revlon bought the company. Coburn quickly got bored shuttling back and
forth to headquarters in New York and dealing with new managers who he says
"didn't know what they were talking about."

When he came home from Christmas that year, his mother, who volunteered at a
hospital, noticed that a mole on his face had turned gray. Soon afterward a
doctor diagnosed it as melanoma and told him he had a 20 percent chance of
surviving more than a year.

Coburn left the office and "drove around aimlessly," he writes in his book. He
thought about his wife, his three young daughters. He thought: "Why am I here?
What am I doing here? If there's a limited amount of time what am I doing with
it?"

At 30, when the scare had passed, Coburn left Virginia to get his medical degree
at the University of Oklahoma and then returned to Muskogee to open Maternal and
Family Practice Associates. Since then, he has been living the life of a country
doctor. He and three partners see hundreds of patients, have delivered thousands
of babies. Then one day he heard the calling.

In 1994 he read an article in the Muskogee Phoenix quoting Rep. Mike Synar, a
Democrat, musing about nationalizing health care. "Somebody's got to run against
this guy," he thought. At that point, his daughters had all moved out. One lives
in town with her family, another lives with her husband in Los Angeles, his
youngest is a singer with the Metropolitan Opera and lives in New York.

"Tommy, no, absolutely no," his wife said, according to his book. She told him
he was too "direct and too bullheaded" to be a good politician, that he wouldn't
get along in the world of politics.

One night he was at the Pearsons' house for dinner. The women were cleaning up
when the men said they were going for a drive. Well into the night the women
peered out and saw them sitting in the truck, talking.

"What do you think they're talking about?" Jan Pearson asked Carolyn Coburn.

"He's probably telling Charles he wants to run for Congress."

"Isn't that crazy?" Jan asked

"Yes. But he's serious."

Charles Pearson says Coburn talked about Washington with no love, really, "just
the place where he worked." But Coburn is "his best friend, closer than a
brother," so he can see that Coburn was getting restless as just a country
doctor again.

"He likes the politics, I'll tell you that," he says, and compares Coburn to
Hollywood stars who complain about too much fame.  "The adrenaline flow, being
in the know. He's had a taste of it and he likes it."

Outside Oklahoma, Coburn is notorious for his apocalyptic pronouncements about
filth on television, homosexuality, corrupt politicians. It's never clear if he
just can't help himself or he does it on purpose. "It's like he was crazy in the
right direction," says a frustrated ally of Carson, his recent opponent.

Take the "rampant lesbianism" quote. Here is the context: At a town hall meeting
in Hugo, Okla., on Aug. 31, Coburn said that a campaign worker had told him that
"lesbianism is so rampant in some of the schools in southeast Oklahoma that
they'll only let one girl go to the bathroom. Now think about it. Think about
that issue. How has that happened to us?"

Now, Coburn is defensive and says "rampant" was not his word, that he was merely
quoting what some school official had told his campaign worker. But he agreed
with the school official. And in defending himself, he digs in deeper.

"To me the risk is, you know, for children," he says. "What are the influences
on our children that direct them away from where you as a parent might want them
to go?" He says he knows gay people, has had dinner with one or two. He has
patients "who used to be gay and are not." His job is to "love them, not judge
them," he says. They are sinners no different from him.

Then he wends his way to, well, hear him out: "Not long ago I watched a special
on PBS about red-tailed hawks. It was a wonderful story about a red-tailed hawk
that had landed in Central Park. And the point they made throughout was the
importance of a mother and father to children and each one had distinct roles
they played which made them capable of surviving. That is a great way, it's the
intended way. It doesn't mean we can't do it another way. The question is not,
is something terrible, but  should we shoot for what's best?"

Coburn's grappling with sin and redemption have made for some interesting
run-ins with Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.), who is openly gay. In his first year
in Congress Coburn voted against an amendment Frank had introduced to cut
spending even though he agreed with it. Later, he  went up to Frank and told
him: "I voted against your amendment because I disapprove of you," Frank recalls
in a version Coburn confirms. "But I was wrong, and I'm not going to do it
again." ("I wasn't enormously cheered by his conversion," Frank reports.)

In a book talk last year at the Heritage Foundation, Coburn named Frank as one
of the congressmen he most admired. "He is a liberal and he is willing to stand
up for what he believes," he said. "The problem with our country is people are
not willing to stand up for what they believe in; that's the great threat to
this country right now."

The subject that truly obsesses Coburn, the one he comes back to over and over,
is not homosexuality or abortion, but fiscal responsibility -- spending, the
deficit, entitlements. To Coburn, fiscal issues are moral ones. "It is evil to
spend your kids' money, spend away their future," he says about the ballooning
deficit. "It is good to be frugal. This is good and evil, black and white.
Stealing from your kids is wrong. I don't care who you are."

In his book, Coburn reserves his greatest contempt for Rep. Bud Shuster (R-Pa.),
then chairman of the House Transportation Committee and a "grandmaster of pork."
During his last year in Congress, Coburn nearly shut down the House by
threatening to attach 130 amendments to an agriculture appropriations bill he
thought was too larded up.

The headlines called the budget passed by Congress last month the stingiest in
years on domestic spending. But Coburn views it as business as usual, stuffed
with pet projects. "Everyone's tickled," he says. "But they just added 2,000
bucks to everyone's debt, not including Social Security. We're proud of that? We
ought to be disgusted."

For the moment, however, Coburn's determined to hold his tongue and return to
Washington humbly. He's seen Gingrich since the coup and "it went okay," he
says. He now has a "good relationship with Trent Lott." During an orientation
dinner he had a "wonderful time" with Democratic Sen.-elect Barack Obama (Ill.)
and his wife. "He's going to be somebody I can work with," he says. "I'm just
cautious," he says, during an interview in his medical office in Oklahoma. "I
have a reputation in Washington that's not necessarily accurate and I don't want
to inflame that anymore before people get to know me and know my heart."

But already there are irritations -- he looked for a townhouse, but nothing
seemed to cost less than $800,000. The staff of the Ethics Committee has already
hand-delivered to him a letter saying he can't practice medicine while serving
in the Senate. His own staff expects a showdown. But no matter, Coburn has bills
to introduce, a country to save. "My goal in the Senate is I need to get done
what I need to get done. And initially that means no confrontation."

Initially.

A plaque in his cozy medical office reads, "Make No Small Plans Here." Another
reads, "Keep your eyes on Jesus." On the phone is a parliamentary leader from
Albania whom Coburn helped with starting a prayer group. A former congressman
just left a message. In the front hall, several patients are waiting. It's 9
a.m. and Coburn's already behind. His pager buzzes. He puts on his doctor's coat
and he's off.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              711 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 18, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Influence Reigns on This Parade

JONATHAN YARDLEY

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C2; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1303 words


Not to rush to judgment or anything like that but: Aren't things getting out of
hand just a wee bit ahead of schedule? Even an administration-in-waiting that
makes much self-satisfied noise about its purity can be expected to founder soon
enough on the shoals of ineptitude and cupidity, but coming aground before it's
spent a single day in office is a novelty even in a place so routinely sordid as
the nation's capital.

Consider by way of example the president-elect. Bill Clinton has been heaving
aside his campaign commitments with the gay abandon of a stripper tossing her
knickers into the cheap seats. He's rewritten Robert Frost's famous lines so
that they now read: "But I have promises to break,/ And miles to go before I
wake." Not merely that, but since the campaign we've learned what somehow had
been covered up: Clinton is congenitally, perhaps pathologically, tardy. He
thinks nothing of keeping other people waiting an hour or more while he does
whatever it is that he apparently imagines to be more important. Congress no
doubt will love him for that.

Consider too those who have been swept into his embrace. His commerce
secretary-designate not merely considers himself somehow too grand for ordinary
conflict-of-interest stipulations but went into a pout when he was told to
cancel a few pre-inauguration parties that were to be thrown in his honor by
precisely the sort of people who create conflict-of-interest problems. His
attorney general-designate turns out to have been the employer of illegal
aliens. His wife's brothers hired a lawyer to solicit financial support for the
inauguration from the sort of big corporations that invariably find themselves
scrambling to get on the good side of the federal government. And so forth.

If it all has a slightly familiar ring, that should come as no surprise. One
obvious reason is that it's taking place in the official Washington of the
1990s, a place and time where venality has been elevated to a fine art. Beyond
that, Clinton has openly admitted his desire to emulate the transition and early
administration of Ronald Reagan, who not only presided over the sleaziest White
House since that of Warren Gamaliel Harding but who made politics and
lowest-common-denominator show business indistinguishable from each other.

If anything, the inauguration festivities that began yesterday and will keep
Washington transfixed for most of the week give every promise of being more
Reaganite than even Reagan himself could imagine. The inauguration of 1993 is
shaping up as a far cry from what the country's founders intended it to be -- a
high and solemn ritual of the civil religion -- and is being turned into a
celebration of greed and vulgarity along the lines of those two great spectacles
of the Reagan years, the Los Angeles Olympics of 1984 and the Statue of Liberty
centennial of 1986.

No expense is being spared to make this the tackiest inauguration ever, and no
effort is being spared to dump the tab for its excesses upon precisely the
people who Clinton had led us to believe would no longer be invited to sup at
Washington's most exalted tables. The Clintonites call their inauguration "An
American Reunion: New Beginnings, Renewed Hope," but all the evidence indicates
that it's nothing more than the same old sleaze; the only change from the Reagan
years is that the same people are dumping the same money into different pockets.

Most of the $ 25 million bill for the inauguration, as The Washington Post
reported last week, has been picked up by "192 corporations, wealthy individuals
and labor unions that made interest-free loans to the inaugural committee."
These include the likes of AT&T, Boeing, General Electric, the National
Association of Letter Carriers, Salomon Brothers and the Tobacco Institute, none
of which has ever been suspected of harboring even a teeny-weeny interest in
such nonsense as federal contracts and/or regulations.

The name for it is influence-peddling, though Rahm Emanuel, co-chairman of the
inaugural committee, claims that "this is not about money." What else,
precisely, it might be about remains a mystery, though a well-aimed stab in the
dark might suggest it's also about advertising and promotion. Not all the
corporations rushing to fling their dollars into Clinton's inaugural pot are in
it to stir up conflicts of interest; some just see it as, in the immortal words
of an unnamed spokesman for General Motors, "a real marketing opportunity."

The Clintonites are doing nothing to discourage them from that conviction. The
Clinton inaugural plans make the Super Bowl look like a model of commercial
restraint. Though in the past we have been led to believe that the inauguration
of a president is the people's business, bits and pieces of this one have been
sold off to four broadcast operations for their exclusive, or semi-exclusive,
use. We're not talking about the swearing-in itself -- not much sex appeal
there, alas, though Linda Bloodworth-Thomason probably could tart it up -- but
about various entertainment galas and last night's bell-ringing celebration.

The producer of the inaugural gala, Harry Thomason, was asked last week by David
Zurawik of the Baltimore Sun about "how ownership of TV rights to such a public
event could be determined." He gave a disingenuous and revealing reply. Thomason
said:

"[Home Box Office] is giving the political parts -- the walk across the bridge,
the bells, the arrival and everything -- to any network and news organization
that wants to carry it. Now from the entertainment section -- and this is all on
an honor system -- others will be able to carry a couple of minutes of whatever
they want. But we're strictly going on an honor system, because this is a public
event on public land."

If that seems like dissembling to you, that's how it seems to me too. In so many
words, what Thomason said is: We've sold rights to a public event, some parts of
which are more public than others, but anyone is free to steal HBO's satellite
transmissions, except we hope they'll be good little campers and decline to do
so. "Honor system"? In American television? Surely the man jests.

But when it comes to the making of money there's no joking at all. The fact is
that the Clinton inauguration is merely the latest step in an entirely logical
progression that eventually will reduce everything in American public life, and
much in American private life, to mere opportunity for commercial gain. The
inauguration of a president is no longer a ritual of transition and renewal, it
is an occasion to cash in, one in which a vast company of the terminally greedy
participates: firms and individuals elbowing each other for "marketing
opportunities" and political influence, entertainment luminaries scrambling to
put themselves at center stage, and by no means least the very "public servants"
who have been entrusted with the American people's business.

For a week or two back in November there was a glimmer of hope that Bill
Clinton's administration might be an exception to this sordid pattern. But that
glimmer was snuffed as soon as Hollywood and TV and big-time advertising were
given carte blanche to run this inauguration in their accustomed style. The
clear message is that sleazeball Washington can take heart: Under the
Clintonites as under the Reaganites and the Bushies, it's going to be business
as usual.

For those of you out there who'd let yourselves believe otherwise, speedy
disenchantment no doubt is painful. Getting the honeymoon out of the way before
the wedding march has been played is, it must be acknowledged, a weird way of
doing a marriage. But try to look at it on the bright side: The quicker you
disabuse yourself of your illusions, the sooner you can get back to good old
cold, nasty reality.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              712 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 21, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

3/21/96;
THE LATEST IN MUSIC, VIDEOS, AND BOOKS;
ON BOOKS;
NONFICTION;
Clintons foolish, not criminal in Whitewater deal, says reporter;
BLOOD SPORT: The President and His Adversaries;
By James B. Stewart. Simon & Schuster. 448 pp. $ 24.95)

BYLINE: Jonathan Yardley

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 05D

LENGTH: 874 words


James B. Stewart says in his prologue to "Blood Sport" that two years ago he was
approached by Susan Thomases, the New York lawyer who enjoys an especially close
relationship to Bill and Hillary Clinton, about writing an inside account of the
Whitewater affair that would have the Clintons' full and unconditional
cooperation. Stewart, a respected investigative reporter and author of "Den of
Thieves," the devastating bestseller about inside trading on Wall Street, was
tempted, but as matters began to sort themselves out the Clintons got cold feet
and the project never got under way.

Still, Stewart's curiosity was piqued, perhaps all the more so because of the
Clintons' ambivalence about the project. He went off on his own, with research
assistance, and "Blood Sport" is the result. It will give little comfort to many
in official Washington, which Stewart accurately calls a "culture so inured to
partisan distortion and spin that truth is the most frightening prospect of
all," because scarcely a soul on any side of the dispute comes off favorably in
his telling of the tale. But those who are interested in solving rather than
perpetuating the Whitewater mystery will find much here to satisfy their
curiosity, and much to infuriate them.

The details of Whitewater as recounted by Stewart are no less tedious or trivial
than they have been in other journalists' hands; this is not a reflection upon
Stewart but the inevitable result of dealing with penny-ante material.
Whitewater as Stewart recounts it is largely the doing of Jim McDougal, the
eccentric Arkansas real-estate operator and dabbler in politics who took young
Bill Clinton under his wing back in the 1970s. The 230-acre tract along the
White River that has caused so much trouble was just another of his
get-rich-quick schemes; it stands out from the others mainly because he
persuaded the governor of Arkansas and his wife to go in as partners.

The story as it evolves after that is largely a comedy of errors involving a
cast of bumblers and buffoons, some of whom now occupy high national office; its
one ghastly note is the death by suicide of Vincent Foster, the Little Rock
lawyer who came to Washington with his friends the Clintons and soon was broken,
as he wrote shortly before his death, by "the spotlight of public life in
Washington," where "ruining people is considered sport." Apart from that, it is
a seemingly endless tale of small-time venality, carelessness, hypocrisy,
conflicts of interest and impropriety, little of it of urgent interest to
law-enforcement officers but all of it inflated to gargantuan dimensions by the
refusal of both Clintons to try the simple expedient of telling the truth.

As best I can tell, the truth is what Stewart has gotten his hands on. The
Clintons' real-estate and commodities dealings in Arkansas, if "dealings" they
can indeed be called, seem little more than the misadventures of a couple of
financial naifs who thought they could make a quick, easy killing and were
wholly insensitive to the impropriety of doing so while in office. In legal
terms there's probably enough to justify a few smart slaps on their wrists, but
Stewart's indictment of the Clintons - unlike their political enemies, he
delivers it more in sorrow than in glee - is on broader and deeper grounds.

In essence, the indictment is that not merely have the Clintons shied away from
the truth, they have actively sought to suppress it. The entirely delicious
irony is that in the process they have made the incident seem far larger than in
fact it ever was.

Nothing in official Washington persuaded the Clintons to abandon the wary
defensiveness they had developed over the years, and much in Washington
encouraged them to let it calcify: not merely the kneejerk antipathy of
Republicans and cave dwellers but the no less kneejerk antipathy of the press,
which has now been in assault mode for a quarter of a century.

The evidence that the Clintons committed any serious legal offenses, Stewart
writes at the end, is slender, and charges that Vincent Foster was murdered,
"even that the Clintons may have been involved, are preposterous." But "the
Clintons seized what seemed to be opportunities to make easy money, even when
that meant accepting favors or special treatment from people in business
regulated by the state"; their "reckless" handling of their Whitewater
investment apparently came about "because they expected others to take care of
them by virtue of their power and prestige as the governor and his wife"; and
"the pattern of evasions, half-truths and misstatements that have characterized
the Clintons' handling of the story" is inexplicable. It seems likely to remai

In all of this only one person seems to have told Bill Clinton that "the
important thing was to do the right thing, without regard to immediate
reactions," that he should look to the judgment of history rather than that of
his enemies and the press. The person who offered that advice was Bernard
Nussbaum, Clinton's White House counsel. Not merely did Clinton fail to listen,
he eased Nussbaum out of office as Whitewater heated up and the circle closed
ever more tightly. Nussbaum, it may be recalled, was laughed out of town.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              713 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 10, 2007

Attorney can't rely on statements of dead client, NY Appellate Division rules

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338  words


An attorney accused of misappropriating funds is precluded from relying on his
deceased client's alleged oral authorization under the state Dead Man's Statute,
the New York Appellate Division has ruled.

A solo practitioner was enlisted to handle the sale of a 22-unit garden
apartment complex for the building's owner. The attorney completed the
transaction, selling the complex for $2 million. According to the attorney, once
the closing was finalized the owner insisted he receive the balance of the down
payment as compensation for his legal services, an estimated $172,151.

Less than six months later, the client died. Her two daughters, who testified
they didn't witness the exchange in which their mother signed the funds over to
the attorney, challenged his claim to the money.

In a hearing before a disciplinary committee, the attorney's explanation that
his client orally authorized him to take the remainder of the escrow monies was
deemed irrelevant under the state Dead Man's Statute.

The appellate court affirmed the committee's decision, but said the conversation
with the client was admissible for the purposes of determining the attorney's
punishment.

"While the statute by definition prevents accused persons from explaining their
apparent misconduct, the statute must be applied notwithstanding that
unfairness.

"Once it is determined that [the attorney] is precluded from using his testimony
to disprove the charges, a preponderance of the evidence establishes that [he]
misappropriated and converted $100,000 for his own use. However, we hold that
the evidence of [the attorney's] conversation with [his client] is admissible in
the context of determining the nature of the discipline to impose. [The
attorney's] testimony, accepted in mitigation of his misconduct, demonstrates
the non-venality of his taking possession of the funds, with the belief -
honest, although mistaken - that he was entitled to them. "

In the Matter of Zalk (Lawyers USA No. 9938145) New York Appellate Division No.
M-6672. August 23, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday
                             FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

Bribe complaint shows how Monsanto got snared in Indonesia Creve Coeur company
faces fine for payoffs related to biotech seeds

BYLINE: BY PETER FRITSCH

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 1352 words

DATELINE: JAKARTA, Indonesia


U.S. prosecutors in early January nabbed a big company in an unusual corruption
case. Biotechnology giant Monsanto Co. said it would pay $1.5 million to settle
charges of bribing Indonesian officials.

In seeking permission to sell genetically modified seed, Monsanto made $750,000
in payoffs to officials in a six-year period, according to a complaint filed by
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The filing cited gifts that included golf memberships and luxury vacations. The
links to specific executives in many of the cases remains unclear. But
investigators focused on one payment that paints a vivid picture of Monsanto's
efforts to sway policy: It was a $50,000 cash gift to Indonesia's environment
minister.

The complaint refers to the people involved only in general terms. According to
several people close to the matter, one is a former Monsanto executive and
seasoned U.S. diplomat who heads the American Chamber of Commerce in Beijing.

Working on his behalf was an ambitious young American lobbyist with a secret
past who became famous when he left his pregnant wife for an Indonesian movie
star. The lobbyist worked for a Jakarta company founded by Harvey Goldstein, the
son of a cop in New York. People who know him say he took the name Mohammed
Harvey Goldstein as part of his marriage to a Muslim woman.

The story behind the $50,000 bribe sheds light on the tangled world of
Indonesian business and politics. Indonesia has long been known for its
venality, a problem compounded by the unstable political environment after the
fall of President Suharto in 1998.

Indonesian authorities are making a public show of repairing the nation's
reputation, and they see Monsanto as a test of their resolve. Local
investigators have asked the SEC to share its evidence, something the agency
hasn't done.

The case is a black eye for Monsanto, based in Creve Coeur. Though prosecutors
don't allege that Monsanto's top executives knew about the bribes, they say the
corruption continued unabated because of lax oversight.

At the time of the settlement, Monsanto's general counsel, Charles W. Burson,
said in a statement that the company "accepts full responsibility for these
improper activities, and we sincerely regret that people working on behalf of
Monsanto engaged in such behavior." He said the company has fired the employees
involved and has ended its relationship with the lobbying firm.

In an interview, Monsanto's chief executive, Hugh Grant, shook his head when
asked if he had any involvement with the Indonesian lobbying firm. He said the
company uncovered evidence of wrongdoing and contacted U.S. authorities. "We
solved the puzzle . . . but it should never have happened," he said. "It's not
who we are."

Well-connected

At the center of the story is Michael A. Villarreal, who grew up shuttling
between U.S. military postings and divorced parents. In 1989, he ran afoul of
the law when he was arrested in Panama City, Fla., and charged with armed
robbery. He was sentenced to probation and community service tutoring kids at a
detention center in Calabasas, Calif.

"I got a second chance," he said.

Because he was a juvenile, his record was expunged, and he entered Pepperdine
University as scheduled. He earned a degree in political science in 1994 and
married his college sweetheart the same year.

The newlyweds decided to seek their fortune in Indonesia, a booming Southeast
Asian nation where Villarreal's wife had grown up. Villarreal, now 33, became
fluent in Indonesian. He rubbed shoulders with ministers and movie stars after
he found work as a lobbyist.

At the time, Monsanto was trying to win approval from the Indonesian government
to sell genetically modified seeds. It wanted to sell corn seeds but decided to
start with cotton, a less-controversial product.

The collapse of Suharto's regime, which tipped the country into anarchy, set
back Monsanto's lobbying efforts. Dissatisfied with progress made by its local
consultant, Monsanto turned to a local firm, PT Harvest International Indonesia.
Harvest was founded in 1990 by Goldstein, 65, who for decades has advised
companies doing businesses in Indonesia.

A well-connected lobbyist, Goldstein is also Gambia's consul to Indonesia. It's
unclear how or why Goldstein was appointed to that position, but it gives him
privileged access to government functions. He was one of the few foreign
businessmen able to arrange meetings for clients with Suharto.

Shortly after Monsanto hired Harvest in 1998, the account was handed to
Villarreal, who'd joined the lobbying firm a few years earlier. Bungaran
Saragih, a former Indonesian agriculture minister, says he was lobbied by
Villarreal and Charles M. Martin, who was Monsanto's chief public- and
government-affairs officer in Asia.

Saragih says Martin paid him a courtesy call before leaving Monsanto in late
2002. During the meeting, Martin reflected on his time in Indonesia, according
to the minister, saying: "When the government plays classical music, we play
classical music. When it plays jazz, we play jazz. If it plays bribery, we play
bribery. But if it plays clean, that is what we like."

Martin, 60, head of the American Chamber of Commerce in Beijing, didn't respond
to several attempts for his comment.

In early 2001, the biotech company had a breakthrough when the Agriculture
Ministry gave farmers on the island of Sulawesi permission to grow Monsanto's
cotton.

But only a few weeks later, the Environment Ministry reversed course. It issued
a fresh decree saying Monsanto had to first subject its cotton to tests that
would measure its impact on local flora.

Nabiel Makarim was tapped in August 2001 as environment minister after a new
government came to power. Monsanto applied a full-court press to persuade the
government to nullify the decree. As part of the effort, Villarreal accompanied
Makarim on a visit to Monsanto's headquarters. Makarim didn't reverse the
decision.

It was at this point, according to the SEC's complaint and people familiar with
the matter, that Martin, the Monsanto public-affairs officer, intervened. Before
joining Monsanto, he had spent much of his career with the State Department in
Asia. Now, he told Villarreal to pay $50,000 to the minister, people familiar
with the matter say.

Even before the cash changed hands, Martin made attempts to cover Monsanto's
tracks, according to people familiar with the matter. These people say he
instructed Villarreal to disguise the $50,000 as consulting fees billed by
Harvest. The invoices totaled $66,000 in order to include some taxes relating to
the supposed billing, according to the SEC complaint.

The complaint details the false invoices but doesn't name Martin. It refers to a
senior manager.

Martin sent an e-mail note in late 2001 from his Monsanto account to
Villarreal's private e-mail requesting an invoice for $66,000 and instructing
that it talk about trips to the United States.

According to the SEC complaint, the invoices were sent to Monsanto before one of
the trips being expensed had been made.

In early February 2002, on Martin's instruction and with Goldstein's knowledge,
Villarreal delivered $50,000 to the minister's home, people close to the case
say.

Speaking generally, Villarreal says it wasn't his practice to bribe officials.
Asked specifically if he passed a bribe to Makarim, he equivocated. "Well, I
have to be careful how I answer that," he said, citing his need to avoid
contradicting testimony to U.S. prosecutors.

Makarim, 59, the government minister, says he didn't take a bribe from Harvest
or Monsanto. He says that he was working from his Jakarta home the day in
question and that Villarreal probably had visited him. "He came over all the
time in those days," Makarim said.

In a brief interview, Goldstein said "it's probably very true" that Villarreal
passed a bribe. As for his role, Goldstein said: "I'm quite confident in what I
did and didn't do. A lot of it, I really don't know."

In the end, Makarim didn't give Monsanto what it wanted. The government never
scrapped the environmental studies. In 2003, the company ended efforts to sell
modified seed in Indonesia.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Grant, "It's not who we are," the Monsanto chief says about the payoff
scandal

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              715 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 22, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

A member of the forever-young generation does penance

BYLINE: ANNA QUINDLEN

SECTION: AT HOME; LIFE IN THE 30s; Pg. 1H

LENGTH: 957 words



I have noticed that there are a great many more young people around    than
there once were. By young people I do not mean people who are    children, or
who are not elderly, or who have not reached the age of    consent. I mean those
people who are egregiously, aggressively young -    the kind of people who tell
you, bright-eyed, that they would like to    do what you do when they grow up,
or who treat you with respect and    call you "ma'am," or who see fit to mention
that their parents often    listen to the Beatles, too - the kind of people
whose youth threatens    to run up and bite you on the nose.

     Part of this is my own fault, since I belong to a generation of    people
who thought they would be forever young and have the silly    clothes to prove
it. Or perhaps I have simply been encountering a lot    more flaming youth
lately, like the college student who criticized the    venality and essential
conservatism of my generation.

     It is an experience I do not recommend, since it makes you feel    much
closer to infirmity and death than is comfortable. Or like the    youngster on
the corner a couple of weeks back who, under cover of    dusk, perhaps misled by
my sneakers and my stone-washed jeans,    proffered a mildly obscene come-on.

     "I'm old enough to be your mother," I shot back. "Get out," the    kid
drawled. "My mother's almost 40." Oh, great: I'm not old enough    to be his
mother, although I will be in less than four years.

     It's not so much that youth is wasted on the young, it's that it    goes
totally unnoticed, at least until it's almost over. In the midst    of youth, no
one can tell that he is as brassy as this year's penny.

     I know this because I myself was quite young for a time. Oh, let me    come
clean: I was professionally, stinkingly young, often, in fact, the    youngest,
which makes the effect much worse. Now I am being forced to    do penance for my
sins, and they were many.

     I am convinced, for example, that I am still on the wrong foot with    a
woman whose work I admire greatly because I was once young right up    in her
face. This is a woman who, I should note, is probably 5 or 10    years older
than I am. The difference seems nonexistent now that we are    both grown-ups,
with nice shoes and children.

     The occasion was a book party, and upon first meeting I greeted her    with
the combination of awe, admiration and high dazzledness that    should be
reserved only for the Queen Mother. I suspect I even told    her, vampirelike,
that I wanted to be her. I shudder to think.

     Or there was the time when I was in a bar with a bunch of newspaper    p p
people who were recalling what they were doing the day of John    Kennedy's
assassination in 1963. Some of them had been working the    telephones on the
rewrite bank, helping to throw together the next    day's lead story. Some had
been around town, working on the obligatory    New York reaction piece. One had
been at City Hall and another up in    Albany. One had been sleeping off a
hangover and had taken his phone    off the hook, which made a great story to
tell in a bar, even if it was    true.

     And one had actually been in Dallas, with the president, which was    so
exactly like what I thought the newspaper business was going to be    that I was
thunderstruck and speechless.

     When I finally regained my composure, I said, yes, I remembered, I    had
been in Mother Mary Theodosia's sixth-grade class, and we all had    to kneel
down on the floor and pray, along with the principal, who was    praying over
the intercom, and someone, I couldn't remember who, passed    out and had a
little accident on the linoleum.

     There was a silence as deep as a bass drum after this intelligent
comment, which I thought indicated that everyone was judging my    historical
unfitness to be a newspaper reporter. But that was before I    was surrounded by
young people, when I was being a young person myself.

 Now I know that the silence was more complicated than that.

     Now I rue those days. One minute you're making other people feel    old,
and the next someone is doing it to you, with bells on. It's    called poetic
justice, but it sure sneaks up on you fast.

     First people ask you for advice. Then they want to use you for a    source
on a term paper. And then they ask if you really remember what    it was like
when people drove Volkswagen Beetles and embroidered their    jeans. Of course,
the worst part is, not only do you remember, but    you've sort of forgotten
that people no longer do those things.

     Rising like a flood around you are new generations: people who buy
tie-dyed clothes as part of a historical retrospective, graduates of    your
college who are famous and who graduated a decade after you did,    colleagues
in the office who defer to you and talk in the ladies' room    about how good
you look, considering.

     One day it suddenly occurs to you, after a cute guy with an    incipient
beard and a backpack gives you a seat on the bus, that you    are no longer a
young person. All it takes is one moment of mental    arithmetic: Let's see,
he's probably around 19, which means that if I    had had a kid at 17, I could
be his...

     And with that one bit of addition, an entire stage of your life    goes out
the window, into the street.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              716 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 2, 2011 Sunday

ANDREW CUOMO'S ARRIVAL

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 703 words


Oratory has returned to Albany.

Andrew Cuomo took the oath of office as New York's 56th governor yesterday -
thereupon delivering as riveting, and as idealistic, a public address as has
been heard in the Capitol since the last time his father, Mario, mesmerized a
crowd.

And he left no doubt that he is his father's son in this critical respect:
Andrew Cuomo firmly believes in the power of government to improve the lives of
ordinary people.

And that, he said, is his challenge.

During the campaign, he said, "I saw up close and personal the suffering that
our people are facing and the devastating toll that this economy has taken. And
it cannot be underestimated."

He spoke forcefully and eloquently about the need to reforge a connection
between government and common folk: "Where are the people in Albany?" he asked.
"Where are the people in the Capitol? That is a profound absence."

And so yesterday he ordered the removal of physical barriers that have stood
between the people and their Capitol for years - terming the move a "symbol of a
new approach."

The building is in fact a monument to a less cynical age, when faith in
government ran deep. Its transformation into a physical "bunker" or "fort," as
Cuomo called it, symbolized the estrangement of everyday New Yorkers from their
elected leaders.

The result, he said, has been a deficit-proliferation: New York, said Cuomo,
faces "a competence deficit and an integrity deficit and a trust deficit."

So true.

And closing those gaps will not only be Cuomo's self-assigned mission - it will
be the benchmark against which his incumbency will be measured.

"I don't believe the Democrats or the Republicans created the problems," he
said.

Fair point: Sloth, corruption, venality and incomptence wear no political labels
in Albany.

But they rule the day - and Cuomo gets it.

"Too often government responds to the whispers of the lobbyists before the cries
of the people," he said. "Our people feel abandoned by government, betrayed and
isolated, and they are right."

And here is where Cuomo departed from the reality that will define his life
during the months and years to come.

His overwhelming electoral victory this fall, he said, "was not about electing
Andrew Cuomo, [it was a] mandate for change that the people of this state
endorsed overwhelmingly."

Would that this were so.

After all, New Yorkers returned to Albany establishment hacks and
special-interest pleaders like State Comptroller Tom DiNapoli, Attorney General
Eric Schneiderman and Assembly Speaker Shelly Silver. The continued presence of
these mandarins would complicate anyone's reform agenda from Day One.

DiNapoli is a long-time Silver acolyte.

Silver, an icon of the special interests, remains in firm control of the lower
chamber, his caucus numbers only slightly depleted. Which means the Assembly can
be counted on to stand in the way of any meaningful positive change.

Nor is it clear that the Senate, now once again under Republican control, will
be any better.

Also standing in the way is Cuomo's successor as AG, Eric Schneiderman.

Schneiderman spent a dozen years in the service of the Senate Democratic
leadership, of which he was a part.

He personally sponsored the big 2009 tax hike - and remains opposed to the
propertytax cap that's integral to Cuomo's reform agenda.

And there's Schneiderman's ongoing close ties to the teachers unions, the
healthcare cartel and trial lawyers, to name a few - all of whom would love to
derail Cuomo's reform plans before they even get under way.

Cuomo plans to offer more specifics about his agenda soon, beginning with his
State of the State address Wednesday.

This is where the work of government will begin.

"I believe the decisions that we make, the decisions my colleagues make, this
year will define the trajectory of this state for years to come," said Cuomo.

Speeches, as Mario Cuomo often said, are part of the "poetry of government" -
the cajolery that is so vital to what Andrew yesterday termed "the potential
power of the governor . . . to mobilize the people."

"Only the people's voice can silence the calls of the special interests in the
halls of the Capitol," he said.

He's off to a good start.

We wish him well.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Andrew Cuomo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            February 11, 2005 Friday

Grace dissed

BYLINE: by Jeffrey Kanige

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 1148 words



HIGHLIGHT: Seven senior executives of the conglomerate face charges that the
company knowingly exposed miners and residents of a Montana town to the hazards
of asbestos.


With three corporate fraud trials chugging along, a much deadlier scandal is
slipping by quietly -- the criminal charges against W.R. Grace & Co. and seven
of its senior executives.

Federal prosecutors allege that the company knowingly exposed workers at a mine
and residents of a nearby town in Montana to asbestos. Grace, based in Columbia,
Md., operated the mine, which produced minerals used in insulation, for 30
years. The indictment charges that more than 1,200 people were sickened and some
died. The executives are charged with conspiring to cover up the health risks
and the company faces a $280 million fine.

But with former WorldCom Inc. CFO Scott Sullivan on the witness stand admitting
to using cocaine and marijuana for 20 years, and more riveting testimony in the
trials of formerHealthSouth Corp.CEO Richard Scrushy and former Tyco
International Inc. CEO Dennis Kozlowski hogging the headlines, the Grace
indictment raised few eyebrows. The New York Times offered an Associated Press
account, and The Wall Street Journal ran an unsigned story on page D8. That
would be the Personal Journal section, next to an appreciation of The Village
Vanguard, a New York jazz club.

To be fair, the fact that W.R. Grace has asbestos issues isn't exactly shocking.
The company filed for bankruptcy protection in April 2001, citing its potential
asbestos liabilities. According to The Washington Post, the company faces about
130,000 personal injury claims from individuals suffering from asbestos
exposure. And Grace is a defendant in eight class actions arising from the use
of its Zonolite Attic Insulation. At least two books have chronicled Grace's
actions in and around Libby, Mont. -- the town near the area affected by the
mine. The news value of corporate venality depreciates once it is set forth in a
book, at least until the movie comes out.

Perhaps more to the point, asbestos and class actions just aren't terribly
popular these days. In fact, George W. Bush is making curtailment of lawsuits a
centerpiece of his second term. "Justice is distorted, and our economy is held
back, by irresponsible class actions and frivolous asbestos claims -- and I urge
Congress to pass legal reforms this year," Bush said last week in his State of
the Union speech. The Senate obliged Wednesday, approving a measure limiting
plaintiffs' rights by a 60-39 vote.

Nonetheless, the Grace story is rife with personalities and events that should
elevate it beyond the more prosaic corporate scandals -- the ones that revolve
around money.

For one thing, questions abound over whether the Environmental Protection Agency
moved quickly enough to safeguard the health of Libby miners and residents in
the face of resistance of W.R. Grace. At the time, the company was led by J.
Peter Grace -- a tireless soldier in Ronald Reagan's signature campaign to "get
government off the people's backs." J. Peter might have done more good if he'd
managed to keep his own company out of the people's lungs.

Even more disturbing is the Zonolite connection to the Sept. 11 terrorist
attacks. The insulation was used in the World Trade Center, and after the towers
fell, the EPA was again accused of covering up a public danger posed by airborne
asbestos.

Somehow, the travails of Ebbers, Scrushy and Kozlowski seem silly by comparison.

Legal education

As long as we're watching the Ebbers trial, we ought to draw some lessons from
it. In fact, the proceedings are a veritable gold mine of management tips for
CEOs.

Lesson One: Never, under any circumstances, tell anyone connected with your
company's accounting department that he or she must "hit the numbers." Use a
less ambiguous phrase such as "Please ensure our results meet expectations, but
do it in a way that preserves all of our alibis."

Lesson Two: Keep your hands off the business. The last thing you want a jury to
hear is that you were, like, in charge.

Lesson Three: Eliminate drug tests for employees. Bong hitting and flake
snorting provide excellent material with which to impeach a
CFO-turned-stoolpigeon.

Lesson Four: If an underling insists on describing the ways in which the books
are being cooked, cover your ears and yell, "La-la-la! I can't hear you!" The
Nixon people called this "plausible deniability."

Lesson Five: For heaven's sake, don't get caught!

Conflict resolution

Some conflicts of interest are hard to grasp -- for example, it is often
difficult to discern the hidden agendas of the parties central to Social
Security policy, Middle East diplomacy and pro football officiating. But some
conflicts are obvious, or at least they should be. This category ought to
include the practice of investment banks rendering fairness opinions about deals
on which they stand to collect perhaps tens of millions of dollars in fees. The
problems with this course of conduct are as insidious as down-by-contact calls
-- and just as unlikely to be reversed upon further review.

For an illustration of the principle at work here, try this: Walk into your
neighborhood Porsche dealership, and tell the first salesman you see that you
are interested in that red 911 over there but you don't want to pay too much.
Then ask the second salesman you see whether the sticker price on that red 911
is fair. The answer you get will resemble a "fairness opinion" in the same way
an Oscar statuette resembles a bowling trophy: The two things sort of look the
same, but while one is invaluable, the other is useful mainly as a mallet. And
then only in a pinch.

While all of this seems clear enough, the National Association of Securities
Dealers and the Securities Industries Association don't see the problem.
Institutional investors want the NASD to prohibit investment banks from advising
and opining on the same deals. In The Wall Street Journal, NASD chairman Robert
Glauber sniffed that such a ban "would be a very different rule from the spirit"
of what the NASD has proposed. The NASD doesn't want to eliminate the practice;
the organization just wants greater disclosure of "significant" conflicts. So
Glauber is right. Eliminating conflicts is, indeed, "very different" from not
eliminating them.

For the SIA, even the NASD's "very different" rule is too, well, different. The
trade group, according to the Journal, doesn't want the NASD to try to define
"significant" conflicts. Specifically, the SIA is against any requirement that
bankers disclose how much executives of merging companies stand to make in
bonuses if the deals go through. Doing so, the group said, "would not ultimately
enhance the M&A process." That's probably true if by "enhance the M&A process"
the SIA means "hide the ulterior motives of the chief executive weasels."

Sadly for the pension funds and other big investors, the SIA is likely to get
the better of this argument. After all, even a nationally televised screwup
wasn't enough to get the National Football League to eliminate the tuck rule.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2005 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              718 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             April 19 1987, Sunday

The lesser Gatsby who strives for an American dream: Sunday Times Profile of
Gary Hart

SECTION: Issue 8489.

LENGTH: 1299 words


GARY HART'S pursuit of the American presidency is remarkable for its
disinclination to look back. One reason is philosophical. He believes his
country's besetting danger is in the moral overrating of the past.

Another is personal. He is uncomfortable with his own history; an austere
small-town upbringing; a birth certificate that makes him a year older (50) than
he claimed; a petition to change his name from Hartpence, descendant of a German
immigrant, Johannes Eberthart Penz; problems in his marriage.


He invites comparison with another secretive, self-made midwesterner, F Scott
Fitzgerald's Gatsby, whose 'dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly
fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him, somewhere back
in that vast obscurity beyond the city ..'

But, finally, Hart does know. Beyond the crush of virutal unknowns straining
towards next year's Democratic party nomination, he is forcing himself to
recultivate neglected roots, spending time in a log cabin outside Denver, posing
in cowboy jeans, boots, and Stetson, his urbanity cast off. He has asked the
Library of Congress to research his genealogy and plans to take his son (and a
reporter) on a trip retracing his family history. For Hart it is a distasteful,
but necessary, exercise.

He was born in Ottawa, Kansas, in the American heartland, where his father sold
farm equipment and his mother clung to them Church of the Nazerene, an
evangelical sect. He married Oletha (Lee) Ludwig, went to Yale as a divinity
student, switched to law, and got a job with the Lyndon Johnson administration's
justice department. In 1968, appalled by the Vietnam war, he joined Robert
Kennedy's election campaign and wept at his funeral (friends say it was the only
time they saw Hart cry).

In Denver, Hart signed on with George McGovern's 1972 campaign, soon becoming
its overall director. He ran successfully for the Senate. In Washington, he
viewed sensational venality and turpitude with barely concealed contempt.

But in time Hart tried to learn the lesson of Epictetus: that it is sometimes
good not to be over-virtuos. The new senator's personal life soon became the
talk of the town. He and Lee separated twice. Although they are again
reconciled, the sensitive subject hovers over the campaign trail. Last week afte
formally entering the race, the candidate complained of smears. Advisers urge
him to keep his temper down and his pants up.

He is a loner, a fact which bothered the party establishment when he last ran
for president in 1984. But his party does not hold him in awe.  The Democrats
have won only two of the last six presidential elections, and are in a sort of
enforced brotherhood of unavoidable competition and interlocking misfortunes, no
longer the great organising unit of American politics. They are seldom in tune
with the 'baby boom' generation - the 80m Americans, more than a third of the
population, born in the years 1946-66.

Hart's origns are in the liberal wing of party, but he is now a neo-liberal,
which does not make him popular with the party's left wing or understood by
traditional Democratic constituencies, such as blue-collar workers. His Centre
for a New Democracy seeks 'answers that transcend traditional liberal and
conservative post-war orthodoxies'.

Once taunted by his erstwhile rival, Walter Mondale for lack of substance
('Where's the beef?'), Hart has since prepared blueprints for the reform of
conventional military forces, the improvement of education, the promotion of new
and small businesses, the rebuilding of the public works infrastructure, the
creation of a secondary market for industrial mortgages, the retaining of
workers in declining industries.

He outlines his idea thus: 'Management will direct a certain percentage of its
profits, which the government guarantees,into specific planned modernisation,
new equipment, and worker taining, according to a targeted strategy. Labour
conditions its wage demands, in exchange for long-term job guarantees, on
profitability and productivity. And private capital is induced to lend, based on
the government guarantees. There is something in it for everybody. '

He speaks forcefully, earnestly, but without charisma or anything resembling the
Gatsby glitter.  He has other things going for him. Describing himself as the
'anti-political' candidate, hart has 'name-recognition', cadres of supporters
all over the country and a staying power that few gave him credit for back in
1984. He resigned from the Senate last year because only the unemployed have the
time to fight the long presidential primary campaigns the American system
demands.

Hart is not an emotional man (he has been called 'passionless' and
'cold-blooded'). Yet he is well aware that America's emotions today have not
caught up with its predicament - brought on by an accumulated loss of moral
force; that archaic aspirations, abhorrences, tastes and scruples have yet to be
replaced by others which shall conform more closely to the actual conditions in
which Americans live. The fashionable cant of patriotism, prestige and glory
that characterises the Reagan years is, for Hart, a raw, impulsive lapse into
palpable mythology, a welter of ethnological and historical illusions.

Hart's campaign purports to be intellectually honest. If American industry won't
stomach his proposals, for example, then 'I say the president of the United
States has only one recourse. That is to go on national television and say,
'Folks, the management of the steel industry in that country doesn't want to
make steel any more. I am not going to protect their industry. We are as of
tonight pulling down all trade barriers, all trade restrictions, and, in effect,
to hell with them' '.

It is a risky approach. But Hart, arrogant and self-possessed, doesn't seem to
mind. There may be some symbolism in the name of the canyon where he and his
wife, Lee, have their log cabin: Troublesome Gulch.

Hart's thick, tousled hair and toothhy grin hive him a Kennedy look. His
candidacy announcement had a Kenney sound ('This election in 1988 is not a
question of whether our country should move left or right. It's an issue of
recapturing our basic principles, beliefs and values and, as we did in 1932 and
1960, moving this country forward'). But it is undeliberate. 'I think it's death
for any politician to try to be somebody he or she is not, because people smell
a phony right away. '

He might be forgiven, however, for coveting the Kennedy coffers. Hart is broke.
He owes dollars 1.3m from his 1984 run. In Denver, cars have stickers: 'Honk if
Hart owes you money'. On Friday fedral marshals invaded a glitzy Hollywood
fund-raiser for Hart and seized the money on behalf of a creditor.

Although he is regarded as the Democratic front runner, he has little or no
support from Democratic governors of states outside Colorado. This could hurt
his fund-raising; and it doesnht help that he dismisses the party's 'old elites'
as 'irrelevant'.

For all that, his campaign, even before he declared himself a runner, raised
more than dollars 1m in the first three months of this year. Last Sunday brought
in another dollars 400,000. And he has barely stepped out of Troublesome Gulch.

Besides, hart is convinced of his destiny ('I know I'm going to be president. I
just know'). A loser who was beaten by a loser, he is steadfastly blind to
adversity. In that respect he is like Gatsby, who 'believed in the green light,
the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eludes us then, but
that's no matter - tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther ..
And one fine morning ..So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back
ceaselessly into the past'.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1987 Times Newspapers Limited


                              719 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

No honours, Berkeley

BYLINE: editorial

LENGTH: 436  words


Once, the University of California, Berkeley, was famous for its passionate
defence of free speech - and the right to hold all shades of political views.
Today, it has challenged its own heady legacy. In the 1960s, Berkeley symbolised
youthful resistance to a stifling American establishment, representing the
injustices of Vietnam, racism and sexism. The times were violent; but Berkeley
wasn't. Facing hostile police and furious administrators, its students sang,
spoke and marched against the powers of their time, their sit-ins, the original
"Occupy" movements. Even when arrested or expelled, Berkeley students countered
power's brutishness with the brilliance of humane ideas - and the moral virtue
of non-violence.

But current events have damaged Berkeley's reputation. As notorious
editor-writer Milo Yiannopoulos - infamous for his hate-filled views and a
pillar of the pro-Trump "alt-right" - was scheduled to speak at Berkeley,
students erupted in furious violence. Molotov cocktails were flung, students
beaten up for "looking like Nazis"; even the iconic Martin Luther King Jr.
Student Union was vandalised. University authorities cancelled Yiannopoulos's
event - but this is no victory for Berkeley. Instead, this adds fuel to the
gleeful provocateur's fire, leaving Berkeley less confident against charges that
its left-leaning students don't support free speech, but only the speech they
like. This is one of the sharpest weapons globally used against liberal groups.

The argument that right-wing voices are denied space in liberal "echo-chambers"
has gained ground, given Berkeley's reaction today. Free speech is an
untrammelled American right - barring direct incitement to violence, this
freedom is equal for all. Abhorrent speech should be freely aired too, for when
vile words, bereft of fundamental human empathy and hope, resound on the stages
of the world, their stupidity and venality show under clear spotlights. As a
university meant to experience, understand and debate all forms of thought,
Berkeley should have let Yiannopoulos speak, coolly ignoring him or grilling him
with intelligent contempt. Instead, Berkeley has made Yiannopoulos an unlikely
victim, whose fundamental freedom has been deprived by people claiming to
protect exactly that. Berkeley is a reminder of an inconvenient truth: Freedom
of speech cannot be tailored to please certain ears. That would only justify the
bullying of artists, the murders of cartoonists, the arrests in another
university called JNU, whose students upheld the right to express all shades of
opinion, with only one common proviso: Non-violence.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 June 01, 2016

Buhari's First Year in Office [opinion]

BYLINE: Mohammed Haruna

LENGTH: 1388 words


Last week for the second time within a month or so I received a rather bellicose
article my friend Bitrus Gwada, Esq. occasionally circulates among his online
network of friends. This time the article was critical not only of Malam Nasiru
el-Rufa'i, Kaduna State's Executive Governor, but of President Muhammadu Buhari.

The reader may recall that the first piece by Southern Kaduna in Diaspora
(SOKAD), USA & Canada, had strongly objected to the governor's decision to
license religious preaching in his state. This time the article by one, John
Danfulani, PhD, was his assessment of the first year of the administrations of
el-Rufa'i and Buhari. It would be hard, if not impossible, to find a more
unflattering assessment of both.

"During PMB's one year in office," the Doctor of Philosophy, among other things,
said of Buhari's administration, "the Naira value nosedived, fuel subsidy was
removed, power generation drastically dropped, GDP went to its lowest ebb in 25
years, herdsmen turned mindless killers, the budget was padded, and Nigeria was
branded a fantastically corrupt nation."

To which most Nigerians, I suspect, would probably say yes. The problem,
however, is that the assessment was a grossly distorted version of reality
because, first, it conveniently avoided any reference to the mind-boggling
corruption of previous administrations that led to all the ills he listed and,
second, he refused to acknowledge that Buhari achieved anything at all during
the year.

Worse than turning a blind eye on the incredible venality of the previous
administrations as the fundamental cause of the ills he accused Buhari of,
Danfulani seemed to accuse the man himself of personally padding the current
budget when everyone knew it was indeed his rejection of the padding that was
partly responsible to its delay. Similarly Danfulani, who, as a PhD should know
better, seemed to have swallowed the ethnic profiling of Fulani herdsmen hook,
line and sinker. He also seemed to accuse Buhari of being personally responsible
for the alleged transmogrification of his fellow Fulani from the peaceful
neighbours of yesterday into the "mindless killers" of today.

And the way he seemed to pin the recent description of Nigeria by the British
Prime Minister, Mr. David Cameron, as "fantastically corrupt" on Buhari, you
would never imagine the prime minister merely echoed the shock the president had
expressed at the level of corruption in the country he discovered when he took
over power a year ago.

In his own somewhat sympathetic review of Buhari's first year in office entitled
"Pity the lion with clipped claws," Mahmud Jega, Trust's deputy editor-in-chief
and Monday back page columnist, started with a quote from Alhaji Mamman Shata's
praise song for Mustafa Danraka in which the late Hausa songster said an
orphaned lion cub is not to be pitied because it can always be trusted to fend
for itself. Writing in his inimitable colloquialism, Buhari, Jega said, may be
more than an orphaned lion cub but he should still be pitied because "he is a
lion whose sharp claws and dagger-like canine teeth have been serially clipped
by the 1999 Constitution."

In other words Buhari, the civilian president of today has not been free to do
as he wished as did Buhari, the iron-fisted soldier head of state of the early
eighties. For those like Danfulani who obviously do not like Buhari, if not out
rightly loath him for what they think he symbolizes, Jega's review is mere
rationalization for what even the president's most ardent supporters would agree
was generally a lackluster first year in office.

Even then no fair-minded person would disagree that, given the terrible legacy
the president inherited and the constitutional constraints he faces - as he
should - it was a small miracle he was able to achieve anything at all. If
nothing else, his bringing an end to the long drawn Boko Haram insurrection was
no mean achievement at a time when oil revenue, as the main source of public
revenue, has been at its lowest in recent decades, and when troop morale had
sunk to an all time low.

And intangible as it may seem, the ongoing exposure beyond past mere conjectures
of the impunity with which grand corruption took place in our country is bound
to serve as a strong check against the propensity of public officials towards
kleptomania. Nothing will discourage this propensity like the determination of
the Buhari administration to implement its decision on Treasury Single Account
(TSA), gauging from recent revelations about how incredible amounts of public
revenue were never paid into the public treasury to start with. Little wonder
then that almost every ministry, department and agency of government have made
one case or the other for exemption from the decision.

There may be some validity to Jega's argument that Buhari is to be pitied for
coming back to power at the wrong time just like he did the first time. However,
within the constraints of the terrible legacy he inherited and his
constitutional limitations there was a lot he could have done which he didn't,
at least in good time. He didn't, for example, have to take as long as he did to
appoint his cabinet.

Another thing he was free to have confronted in spite of his constraints was the
issue of energy which is central to his commitment to grow and diversify the
Nigerian economy.

As we all know, Nigeria had spent billions of dollars for power generation since
1999, all to no avail. Part of the problem is that more of the allocations have
been stolen or misapplied than invested wisely and efficiently. Part of the
problem, however, is also that the country has focused on only two sources of
power generation, namely, hydro with three plants at Kaiji, Jebba, and Shiroro,
and, even more so, on gas with plants at Afam, Ajaokuta, Delta, Egbin, Geregu,
Okpai, Omoku, Olorunsogo, Omotosho, Olorunsogo and Sapele.

The neglect of a third source, namely, solar, has been inexplicable, especially
since it is renewable and clean.

As the chairman by law of National Agency for Science Engineering Infrastructure
(NASENI) established in 1992, the president is in a position to free the agency,
whose mandate includes making the country self-sufficient in energy, from the
red tape of its presumed parent ministry of Science and Technology.

The Chinese are said to have offered financial support to NASENI for the
manufacture of solar cells locally from our abundant supply of silicon as the
main raw material, and for the manufacture of transformers and a high voltage
testing facility. The little time and attention the president has given NASENI
as its chairman has served as a big obstacle to the proper functioning of the
agency. It has also led to its inability to avail itself of the Chinese offer in
question and such similar ones from abroad.

It would, of course, be quite a while before solar energy can contribute as much
to the country's energy requirement as hydro and gas sources do. However,
because it is the ultimate renewable agency, the sooner the president gave it
the attention it deserved the better the prospect of the country's energy
supply.

One year has now come and gone since Buhari's historic return to power. As he
himself acknowledged in his speech celebrating the occasion, he has a lot more
to do than he already has, if he is to fulfill his promise of changing the
country for good. With only three more years to go before the next general
election the man, I am sure, knows more than anyone else that time has now
become of essence.

CORRECTION

In my column of May 18 on "Nwankwo's wrong prescription," I reproduced part of
an online dialogue - more like altercation - the controversial Mr. Femi
Fani-Kayode, President Goodluck' campaign spokesman, said he had with Alhaji
Muktari Shinkafi over recent clashes between Fulani herdsmen and farmers across
the country. Shinkafi, Fani-Kayode said, was his childhood friend.

As a reader whose reaction I inadvertently deleted from my mails pointed out, I
got the surname of Fani-Kayode's sparring partner wrong when I said it was
Shagari.

The mistake was inexplicable as I had Femi's article right under my eyes at the
time of writing the column in question. Somehow my mind's eye kept reading
Shagari when it was actually Shinkafi.

My apologies to both Shagari and Shinkafi for mixing up their surnames.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

It's a Mystery: Christie and her Poirot continue to inspire admirers

BYLINE: By Roberta Alexander Contra Costa Times contributor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


Nearly 40 years after her death, Agatha Christie and her greatest detective are
still names to reckon with.

"The Monogram Murders" by Sophie Hannah (William Morrow, $25.99, 306 pages) A
new Hercule Poirot story is a big event in the mystery world, and Hannah's
version does not disappoint. Selected by the Agatha Christie estate, she has
produced a book that is part Christie and part Hannah -- and totally readable. A
collection of mannerisms wrapped around a formidable intelligence, Poirot is
easy to parody. Hannah does not sink to that level. Instead, she adds a twist in
the form of an emotionally troubled narrator: young Edward Catchpool, a
detective from Scotland Yard. He's nothing like Inspector Japp; you don't often
see a policeman so traumatized by a childhood event that he shrinks from being
in a room with a body. That's a problem in this case, which involves three
bodies found in separate rooms in a hotel, each with a cuff link placed in the
mouth. To Catchpool's annoyance, Poirot is obsessed with finding a young woman
he met in a restaurant who spoke cryptically of being killed. It's all
maddeningly complex, except for a man with little gray cells prepared to take
nothing on trust.

"Fighting Chance" by Jane Haddam (Minotaur, $26.99, 320 pages) The Gregor
Demarkian series (he's "the Armenian Hercule Poirot") lost its luster after two
dozen-plus books but redeems itself in this story, set once again in
Philadelphia. All hell breaks loose when Armenian priest Father Tibor is
arrested for the murder of a local judge. No one, including Gregor, believes
he's guilty, but all Tibor will say is that he has the right to remain silent.
Then there's a video that someone took that appears to show him beating the
victim with a mallet; Gregor doesn't believe that, either. The story is
sufficiently unusual to keep the reader's interest. How do you defend someone
who won't talk to you -- or even his lawyer? Other elements emerge as more or
less important, including the state's privatization of prisons, the venality of
the dead judge, an activist with conspiracy theories, the vandalism of security
cameras and a couple of young Armenians, one in jail and the other trying to
help him. It takes a nice mix of misdirection, political problems, different
agendas and clever sleuthing to solve the problem.

"A Demon Summer" by G.M. Malliet (Minotaur, $24.99, 382 pages) Max Tudor, a
spy-turned-Anglican priest, is back in a complex story that sends him to a
nunnery. Max, who really doesn't want to leave Nether Monkslip while his
fiancee, Awena, is pregnant, is nevertheless sent by the bishop to the Handmaids
of St. Lucy at Monkbury Abbey. The irritating 15th Earl of Lislelivet thinks
someone tried to kill him with a fruitcake. There are also suggestions that the
funds raised by the nuns to improve their guesthouse have been directed
elsewhere -- perhaps in a fraudulent way. It's a lot for Max to deal with: The
guests all have agendas of their own, most less than holy, and the nuns are
reluctant to discuss convent business with outsiders. The characters are well
drawn, the pacing excellent and Malliet has a sly sense of humor woven into the
story: "In a privileged category bound to inspire envy and resentment, Lord
Lislelivet stood out from the rest -- a leader, as it were, in arousing class
warfare." All in all, it makes for a great story.

"The Twelfth Night Murder" by Anne Rutherford (Berkley, $15, 320 pages) This
lively Restoration mystery returns to the New Globe Players and Suzanne
Thornton, its manager. In her third outing, Suzanne agrees to help solve the
murder of a boy found in girl's clothing. The investigation runs into opposition
from those who say a cross-dressing boy only got what he deserved. Suzanne, a
former prostitute, has a well-developed sense of empathy for the underdog, and
she is undeterred. The picture of life on the seamier side of 17th-century
London is meticulously painted as crowded and harsh. Suzanne is a tough
character, and she continues to struggle and find her own way. It is interesting
to follow her journey.

Reach Roberta Alexander at ralex711@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

India needs to help Sri Lanka's Tamils

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: India


India, July 9 -- In October 1987, the Indian Peace Keeping Force (IPKF) was
compelled to act, when the LTTE embarked on a rampage of killing Sinhalas in Sri
Lanka's Eastern Province. Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, then attending a
Commonwealth Summit in Canada, deputed me to meet Tamil Nadu chief minister M G
Ramachandran (MGR), then convalescing in the Johns Hopkins Hospital in
Baltimore, to explain the background to the IPKF crackdown. Despite impairment
in his speech, MGR acknowledged that the LTTE had crossed the threshold of
India's forbearance. He instructed his government to crack down on its remaining
cadres in Tamil Nadu. MGR was bemused by the support being extended by his
rival, M Karunanidhi, to the LTTE, as barely two years earlier the DMK leader
had condemned the LTTE for killing his protege in Sri Lanka, Sri Sabaratnam,
chief of the LTTE's armed rival, the TELO. Clearly, partisan politics, more than
humanitarian concerns, has motivated leaders in Tamil Nadu in the past, though
current Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has taken a consistent position against
the venality and depredations of LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran.

While India's foreign policy is premised on the principle of non-interference in
other's internal affairs, it has necessarily to be compromised when people of
Indian origin face discrimination and violence on grounds of race, religion or
language-be it in the US or UK, Uganda or Kenya, Fiji or Sri Lanka. Not
surprisingly, foreign countries then tell us that we should not be oversensitive
when they voice concern at what they believe are manifestations of
discrimination against ethnic or religious minorities in our country. India has,
therefore, to tread carefully in its approach to the ethnic issue in Sri Lanka.
The issue came into focus in New Delhi again, when Jayalalithaa made it clear
during her first visit that after the LTTE was eliminated in 2009, displaced Sri
Lankan Tamils have been persistently deprived of basic human rights. She also
alluded to the problems arising from Tamil Nadu fishermen being treated brutally
by the Sri Lanka navy, when straying into Sri Lankan waters.

The problem of fishermen can be dealt with in negotiations with Sri Lanka, by
working out modalities to observe the provisions of the 2008 agreement that
excluding what Sri Lanka considers as "sensitive areas", there would be
"practical arrangements" to deal with bonafide Indian and Sri Lankan fishermen
crossing the International Boundary Line. Sri Lanka would be well advised to see
that the spirit of this agreement is respected by its navy. But, beliefs that
India can rescind the 1974 and 1976 agreements, on the uninhabited Kachativu
Island, appear to be misplaced. The proposed transfer of Beru Bari to Bangladesh
(earlier East Pakistan) involved a transfer of what was clearly Indian
territory. The demarcation of the maritime boundary, under which India
acknowledged Sri Lankan sovereignty over Kachativu, was, however, based on the
internationally recognised principle of the median line and in consonance with
Article 15 of the Law of the Seas.

The ethnic conflict left over 3,00,000 Tamils, described as "Internally
Displaced Persons (IDPs)", in refugee camps. India has committed Rs 1,000 crore
for their rehabilitation, including provision of materials for rebuilding homes.
Large-scale medical assistance has also been extended. A programme to
reconstruct 50,000 houses was undertaken in 2010 and Tamil farmers assisted with
supply of seeds, tractors and agricultural implements. In long-term, the best
way for the Tamils to be assisted would be to set up educational and vocational
training institutes in the Tamil-dominated northern and the mixed ethnic eastern
provinces in Sri Lanka. Moreover, Indian industry should be facilitated to
invest in IT parks and industrial units in these areas. The issue of devolution
of powers to Tamils in Sri Lanka will require imaginative diplomacy by New
Delhi. Dealing with welfare issues will also require a robust Centre-state
partnership, devoid of partisan politics. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 19, 1993, Monday

Fickle ruler wrecking Nigeria

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 6

LENGTH: 373 words


Military strongman Ibrihim Babangida has a parade-ground solution for the
problem of restoring a civilian-led democracy in Nigeria.

He wants to keep marching the country's voters to the polls until they fall in
step - that is, by confirming whomever he anoints to become president.

His insistence on manipulating the succession process is prolonging Nigeria's
decade-long regression into military rule. Worse still, the arbitrariness of his
nullifying the June 12 presidential election is fueling resentments that
threaten to tear his country apart.

General Babangida's machinations would be laughable if not for their tragic
consequences - most dramatically the recent bloody confrontations between his
troops and outraged civilians.

After all, it was he who stage-managed last month's election, created two
contending parties, drafted their platforms and picked their candidates.
Somewhere along the line, though, he lost confidence in one of the hopefuls,
Moshood K.O. Abiola, a millionaire businessman.

Mr. Abiola spoiled the general's whimsical blueprint for Nigeria by appearing to
win the June 12 contest handily. By how much, no one can say. General
Babangida's junta voided the results before they could be counted, citing
corruption of the election. That is odd, indeed, since (1) General Babangida
arranged the whole affair, and (2) the army, under him, has become notorious for
cornering the market on venality.

Nigeria, with its 70 million inhabitants and rich resources, is too important to
the future of developing Africa to be allowed to slide in the dangerous
direction it's headed. So far, Washington is handling the crisis in Lagos with
the right mix of concern and sensitivity, expressing its disapproval of the
canceled election and suspending a small military aid program, but it could do
more.

Why not ask Gen. Colin Powell to undertake a career-closing tour of countries in
transition from military to civilian governance, Nigeria included? Given his
prestige and political savvy, he might be just the person to persuade General
Babangida that the armed forces must subordinate themselves to civilian control
sooner rather than later and that the people's choice, Mr. Abiola, should be
president.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932010159

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              724 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 8, 2006 Friday

HASN'T A PRAYER

BYLINE: FRANK SCHECK

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 311 words


IF you spot an unusual number of young women in the audience for "TheAtheist" -
an unheralded play at a tiny, fourth-floor off-Broadway theater- the reason is
right in front of you: Chris Pine, who set teen heartsaflutter in such films as
"Just My Luck," opposite Lindsay Lohan, and"Princess Diaries 2," with Anne
Hathaway.

The young Hollywood hunk has gone back to his theater roots for RonanNoone's
darkly comic monologue about a journalist, Augustine Early, who'lldo anything to
further his ambitions.

"See, I knew from a young age I was going to be famous," he announces,and while
the tale that follows may be his confessions, this Augustine isfar from a saint.

Setting aside its screwy notion that journalism's the ticket to fame andfortune,
"The Atheist" seems particularly far-fetched. Augustine achieveshis goal when,
after a quick dalliance with a beautiful young woman, hediscovers a hidden
camera in the bathroom of her rented house.

It turns out that it was installed by her landlord, who also happens tobe the
mayor, so Augustine uses the knowledge to blackmail the voyeur intogetting him a
job at the local paper. He then proceeds to break the storyanyway, making his
journalistic career. "40-point Times Roman font, bold!"he declares triumphantly
of the headline.

That the chain of events he sets in motion eventually leads to tragedycomes as
no surprise, as both the writing and Pine's performance arepitched to a rather
hysterical degree.

Augustine is such a clearly lost soul, and Pine feels so compelled toaccentuate
the character's venality, that we feel little interest in hisrise and fall.
Relishing his machinations with moustache-twirling glee,both the character and
the actor playing him seem to be reaching forShakespearean heights that rarely
reach the level of Mamet.

---

THE ATHEIST

Center Stage, 48 W. 21st St.; (212) 868-4444. Through Dec. 23.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chris Pine tries hard - a little too hard. [Betsey Katz]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

You Think Your Winter Was Rough?

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS KRISTOF

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 818 words


In October, two young Americans set off on the most daring and foolhardy
wilderness expedition since, oh, maybe Lewis and Clark.

They were trying to become the first people ever to backpack from Canada to
Mexico on the Pacific Crest Trail in the dead of winter. Once before, in 1983,
two people set out to traverse the trail in winter. They never made it. Their
bodies were found a month after they fell off an icy cliff.

A winter thru-hike of the Pacific Crest Trail seemed impossible. The trail is
covered by many feet of snow that time of year, and, even if the two explorers
managed to find their way, they risked triggering avalanches, plunging through
ice into rivers, or simply running out of food while trapped in blizzards.

''People said it was a death sentence,'' Shawn Forry, one of the hikers, told
me. He had estimated half-jokingly at the start that they had a 17 percent
chance of succeeding.

But he spoke to me shortly after he and Justin Lichter reached the Mexican
border on Sunday, completing their 2,650-mile odyssey -- and surviving
frostbite, blizzards, tumbles into frozen rivers and 1,750 consecutive trail
miles without encountering a single other hiker.

Perhaps it feels a little self-indulgent to celebrate two guys who took a long
walk. But what a walk! Like the 4-minute mile or the free climb of the Dawn Wall
at Yosemite, this is something that seemed beyond human capacity -- and then
humans did it.

So let's take a break from current affairs and recriminations about human
venality to laud a triumph of human strength.

It helped that the two men were enormously experienced. Forry is a wilderness
instructor for Outward Bound. Lichter works on a ski patrol and said he has
hiked 35,000 miles, equivalent to nearly one and a half times around Earth. He
gave up one long backpack across East Africa when lions were stalking him.

Both Forry and Lichter had hiked the entire Pacific Crest Trail in summer --
itself an ultimate test of endurance (fewer people have thru-hiked the full
trail than have climbed Mount Everest). But they wanted to see it in another
season.

''With the snow, there's so much natural beauty,'' Lichter said. ''It's so
peaceful. And the frozen rivers have these strange ice formations.''

They used snowshoes and, in California, skis, while carrying loads of up to 45
pounds, including food (they resupplied every week or so). Winter storms were
frequent. When it snowed at night, they would get up every 30 minutes to push
snow off their tarp to keep it from collapsing on them. In white-outs, they
could barely see and stayed close to each other -- except when crossing
avalanche zones, when they had to separate to ensure that they would not both
get buried in the same avalanche.

Even drinking water was a challenge. ''You're surrounded by frozen water, but
you don't have easy access to it to drink,'' Forry said. They used a stove to
melt snow for drinking water.

The worst period, they said, came in the Oregon mountains when a huge snowfall
and below-zero temperatures left them with frostbitten feet. They were able to
warm up and avoid permanent damage, yet they still had another 2,000 miles to
go.

''At times, you're pulling your knee up to your chest to take the next step, to
get it above the snow -- and that's in snowshoes,'' Forry said.

Barney Mann, the chairman of the Pacific Crest Trail Association and unofficial
historian of the trail, said that after the frostbite incident he had doubted
that Forry and Lichter would succeed.

''It's the unrelenting cold,'' Mann said. ''It's the unrelenting snow. It's the
moment-by-moment challenge of navigation when everything is white.''

One difficult day came in northern California when a storm dropped 10 inches of
rain in 24 hours, winds reached 70 miles per hour and both men tumbled into a
swollen torrent of a river that left them and their gear drenched and frigid.

Yet, in spite of all those challenges, they still urge people to try winter
camping -- carefully.

''I really encourage people to get out in the winter,'' Forry said. ''You have
it to yourself, and it's so peaceful. But start with a day trip -- that way if
anything goes wrong, you're near your car.''


I'm delighted to announce that the winner of my annual win-a-trip contest is
Austin Meyer, a journalism student at Stanford University. We'll probably travel
to India and Bangladesh, although Congo is an alternate possibility. The
runners-up are Ashley Bastock of John Carroll University, Taylor Graham of
Ithaca College and Sam Friedlander of University of Pennsylvania. Thanks to the
Center for Global Development for helping me pick Austin from a dazzling field
of 450 applicants. Stay tuned for a great reporting trip!

I'm trying something new, an email newsletter. When you sign up, you'll receive
an email about my columns as they're published and other occasional commentary.
Sign up here »




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/05/opinion/nicholas-kristof-you-think-your-winter
-was-rough.html

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              726 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

You Think Your Winter Was Rough?

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS KRISTOF

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED COLUMNIST; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 818 words


In October, two young Americans set off on the most daring and foolhardy
wilderness expedition since, oh, maybe Lewis and Clark.

They were trying to become the first people ever to backpack from Canada to
Mexico on the Pacific Crest Trail in the dead of winter. Once before, in 1983,
two people set out to traverse the trail in winter. They never made it. Their
bodies were found a month after they fell off an icy cliff.

A winter thru-hike of the Pacific Crest Trail seemed impossible. The trail is
covered by many feet of snow that time of year, and, even if the two explorers
managed to find their way, they risked triggering avalanches, plunging through
ice into rivers, or simply running out of food while trapped in blizzards.

''People said it was a death sentence,'' Shawn Forry, one of the hikers, told
me. He had estimated half-jokingly at the start that they had a 17 percent
chance of succeeding.

But he spoke to me shortly after he and Justin Lichter reached the Mexican
border on Sunday, completing their 2,650-mile odyssey -- and surviving
frostbite, blizzards, tumbles into frozen rivers and 1,750 consecutive trail
miles without encountering a single other hiker.

Perhaps it feels a little self-indulgent to celebrate two guys who took a long
walk. But what a walk! Like the 4-minute mile or the free climb of the Dawn Wall
at Yosemite, this is something that seemed beyond human capacity -- and then
humans did it.

So let's take a break from current affairs and recriminations about human
venality to laud a triumph of human strength.

It helped that the two men were enormously experienced. Forry is a wilderness
instructor for Outward Bound. Lichter works on a ski patrol and said he has
hiked 35,000 miles, equivalent to nearly one and a half times around Earth. He
gave up one long backpack across East Africa when lions were stalking him.

Both Forry and Lichter had hiked the entire Pacific Crest Trail in summer --
itself an ultimate test of endurance (fewer people have thru-hiked the full
trail than have climbed Mount Everest). But they wanted to see it in another
season.

''With the snow, there's so much natural beauty,'' Lichter said. ''It's so
peaceful. And the frozen rivers have these strange ice formations.''

They used snowshoes and, in California, skis, while carrying loads of up to 45
pounds, including food (they resupplied every week or so). Winter storms were
frequent. When it snowed at night, they would get up every 30 minutes to push
snow off their tarp to keep it from collapsing on them. In white-outs, they
could barely see and stayed close to each other -- except when crossing
avalanche zones, when they had to separate to ensure that they would not both
get buried in the same avalanche.

Even drinking water was a challenge. ''You're surrounded by frozen water, but
you don't have easy access to it to drink,'' Forry said. They used a stove to
melt snow for drinking water.

The worst period, they said, came in the Oregon mountains when a huge snowfall
and below-zero temperatures left them with frostbitten feet. They were able to
warm up and avoid permanent damage, yet they still had another 2,000 miles to
go.

''At times, you're pulling your knee up to your chest to take the next step, to
get it above the snow -- and that's in snowshoes,'' Forry said.

Barney Mann, the chairman of the Pacific Crest Trail Association and unofficial
historian of the trail, said that after the frostbite incident he had doubted
that Forry and Lichter would succeed.

''It's the unrelenting cold,'' Mann said. ''It's the unrelenting snow. It's the
moment-by-moment challenge of navigation when everything is white.''

One difficult day came in northern California when a storm dropped 10 inches of
rain in 24 hours, winds reached 70 miles per hour and both men tumbled into a
swollen torrent of a river that left them and their gear drenched and frigid.

Yet, in spite of all those challenges, they still urge people to try winter
camping -- carefully.

''I really encourage people to get out in the winter,'' Forry said. ''You have
it to yourself, and it's so peaceful. But start with a day trip -- that way if
anything goes wrong, you're near your car.''


I'm delighted to announce that the winner of my annual win-a-trip contest is
Austin Meyer, a journalism student at Stanford University. We'll probably travel
to India and Bangladesh, although Congo is an alternate possibility. The
runners-up are Ashley Bastock of John Carroll University, Taylor Graham of
Ithaca College and Sam Friedlander of University of Pennsylvania. Thanks to the
Center for Global Development for helping me pick Austin from a dazzling field
of 450 applicants. Stay tuned for a great reporting trip!

I'm trying something new, an email newsletter. When you sign up, you'll receive
an email about my columns as they're published and other occasional commentary.
Sign up here »




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/05/opinion/nicholas-kristof-you-think-your-winter
-was-rough.html

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              727 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            June 29, 2005 Wednesday

'WE WILL STAY IN THE FIGHT UNTIL THE FIGHT IS WON'

BYLINE: By ELI LAKE, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 965 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Facing sagging support for the war among Americans and in Congress, President
Bush yesterday warned that if America leaves Iraq, "we will yield the future of
the Middle East to men like bin Laden."

In a rare reference to the Al Qaeda leader who plotted the attacks of September
11, 2001, Mr. Bush yesterday laid out why the fight was worth it in Iraq by
quoting the Saudi terror master.

"Some wonder whether Iraq is a central front in the war on terror," the
president said. "Among the terrorists, there is no debate. Here are the words of
Osama bin Laden: 'This third world war is raging in Iraq. The whole world is
watching this war.' He says it will end in victory and glory or misery and
humiliation."

Toward the end of his speech, Mr. Bush vowed that America would "fight them
there, we'll fight them across the world, and we will stay in the fight until
the fight is won."

The president was speaking last night at Fort Bragg, the headquarters of the
Army's Special Forces, on the one-year anniversary of the coalition provisional
authority's handoff of governmental powers to an interim prime minister, Iyad
Allawi. In 27 months of fighting, 1,740 American soldiers have been killed, and
the official estimates of the cost of the war and reconstruction top $200
billion.

Not only have recent surveys suggested the president's approval rating has
dipped below 50%, but according to a recent Washington Post poll, less than 25%
of Americans believe the insurgency is weakening, as Vice President Cheney
suggested earlier this month.

Instead of claiming the terrorists were weakening, the president called
attention to their venality. "We are fighting against men with blind hatred and
armed with lethal weapons who are capable of any atrocity," he said. "They wear
no uniform, they respect no laws of warfare or morality. They take innocent
lives to create chaos for the cameras. They are trying to shake our will in
Iraq, just as they tried to shake our will on September 11, 2001.They will
fail."

Slumping support at home for the war has been coupled with a seemingly
unrelenting tide of suicide attacks against Iraqi civilians and American
soldiers. Yesterday, a second member of Iraq's transitional national assembly
was slain by insurgents.

In this context, many Democrats and some Republicans in Congress are calling for
the troops to be withdrawn. Earlier this month, 123 Democrats and five
Republicans in the House of Representatives voted for a resolution calling on a
date for the military to exit Iraq.

Last week, Senator Hagel, a Republican of Nebraska, demanded that the White
House level with the American people about the true state of affairs in Iraq.
The Democratic grassroots group MoveOn.org, which implored its members to
arrange parties to watch Michael Moore's movie "Fahrenheit 9/11" during the 2004
campaign, featured Mr. Hagel's words in a new advertisement calling for a
withdrawal date. Mr. Hagel yesterday criticized the group for including his
words in the commercial.

The president yesterday said the calls for withdrawal sent the wrong message to
America's soldiers, the Iraqi people, and the insurgency.

"Setting an artificial timetable would send the wrong message to the Iraqis, who
need to know that America will not leave before the job is done," the president
said. "It

would send the wrong signal to our troops, who need to know that we are serious
about completing the mission they are risking their lives to achieve. And it
would send the wrong message to the enemy, who would know that all they have to
do is to wait us out."

In answer to the question of when American soldiers could come home, the
president said, "Our strategy can be summed up this way: As the Iraqis stand up,
we will stand down."

The president also made a plea for Americans to enlist in the military, a
particularly poignant moment considering the Pentagon has failed to meet
recruitment quotas in recent months. He also thanked the families of "good men
and women who left our shores to defend freedom and did not live to make the
journey home."

"We pray for the families," the president said. "And the best way to honor the
lives that have been given in this struggle is to complete the mission."

The president admitted yesterday that some of the Iraqi forces America was
training were not quite ready for the battlefield. But he also said that new
steps were being taken to embed American officers inside Iraqi units and to
enable more Iraqi units to fight alongside coalition soldiers.

"Under U.S. command, they are providing battlefield advice and assistance to
Iraqi forces during combat operations. Between battles, they are assisting the
Iraqis with important skills such as urban combat and intelligence, surveillance
and reconnaissance techniques," the president said.

The Democrats yesterday did not offer up a prime-time speaker to address the
American people after the president's address. But on the floor of the Senate
yesterday, Senator Kerry, the Massachusetts Democrat who lost the 2004 election
to Mr. Bush, skewered the White House's management of the war.

"While we shouldn't dwell on mistakes, we need to understand their consequences
on our ability to effectively move forward," he said. "With ... the American
people realizing the rationalization for this war changed midstream, it becomes
that much harder to rally the collective strength of the nation and the world to
our cause."

Senator Schumer echoed Mr. Kerry's criticism after the president's speech last
night.

"It is not enough for the president to say 'stay the course' and make a few
minor adjustments," the New York Democrat said in a statement. "People want to
know what the end game is, how the insurgency can be quelled, and when an Iraqi
security force will be trained to take care of its own security needs."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 2, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JAMES MADISON, MINUS HALO

BYLINE: By James H. Hutson; James H. Hutson, the head of the manuscript division
at the Library of Congress, is preparing a revised edition of Max Farrand's
''Records of the Federal Convention of 1787.''

SECTION: Section 7; Page 19, Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 973 words


DECISION IN PHILADELPHIA The Constitutional Convention of 1787. By Christopher
Collier and James Lincoln Collier. 331 pp. New York: Reader's Digest
Press/Random House. $19.95. THE major anniversary of a great event in American
history usually produces a flurry of books, needed or not. We need books about
the creation of the Constitution, so we can look forward with anticipation to
the bicentennial of its birth in 1987.

We need books about the making of the Constitution because professional
historians all but abandoned the topic 20 years ago. Absorbed by the controversy
over Charles Beard's thesis regarding the economic motives of the drafters of
the Constitution, constitutional scholarship in the 1950's and early 60's became
so disputatious and complicated that it intimidated even experts. Concurrently,
the ascendancy of what has been called the new social history, which focuses on
the activities of the humbler segments of society rather than ''great white
men,'' practically proscribed the Constitution as a topic of investigation. As a
result, many professional historians believe that they have ''no stake in the
Constitution,'' a remark that passed without reproof from the members of the
fraternity assembled at a recent conference. The passing of history from college
curriculums because of its perceived irrelevance, documented by recent surveys,
is surely related to the pervasiveness of such attitudes in the academy.

Christopher Collier, a professor of American history at the University of
Connecticut, and his brother, James Lincoln Collier, the author of ''The Making
of Jazz'' and other books, feel they have a stake in the Constitution and have
written ''Decision in Philadelphia'' to describe and explain its creation at the
Constitutional Convention in 1787. Their collaboration is felicitous; the
historian contributes the mastery of the scholarly lit-erature the volume
exhibits, and the writer contributes a lively style more often encountered in
fiction than in history.

There is much that is, in the good sense, old-fashioned about ''Decision in
Philadelphia.'' First is the crisp, expository writing. Next is the book's
patriotism. The authors assert that the United States is a fine, free country,
because extraordinary men wrote an extraordinary instrument of government in
1787. The patriotism is not indiscriminate, however. The Colliers repeatedly
castigate the writers of the Constitution for their moral opacity in dealing
with slavery, which gives the volume, occasionally, the tone of 19th-century
abolitionist history. Also reminiscent of an earlier period in American
historiography is the authors' interpretative stance. They believe that
personalities, not impersonal forces like class, economics or ideologies,
dictate historical events: ''At bottom, sectional or financial inter-ests were
again and again overridden by motives lying deep in the personalities of the
delegates.''

To emphasize personality - the dynamics of ''different human cores'' - is good
strategy because it peps up the book with sketches of the various delegates'
eccentricities and transgressions, ranging from venality (William Blount of
North Carolina) to drunkenness (Luther Martin of Maryland) to libertinism
(Gouverneur Morris of Pennsylvania) to land jobbing (James Wilson of
Pennsylvania).

But as an explanatory device personality serves poorly. Consider James Madison.
Madison is depicted as a wimp whose fear of power and obsession with inserting
devices in the Constitution to check it resulted from a fearful personality,
revealed in his shyness toward women. What of Lotharios like James Lovell who
were also leery of power? A Bostonian with whom Madison served in Congress in
the 1780's, Lovell was bold enough to flirt with Abigail Adams and was said to
have lived in a brothel while at Congress. No shyness toward women here, yet
Lovell's professions of fear of political power seem, at times, pathological
compared with Madison's. Where, then, is the correlation between posture toward
power and personality? For the revolutionary generation fear of power was a
precept of ideology, shared to a greater or lesser extent by most of Madison's
contemporaries. It may have had roots in individual or collective psyches, but
the Colliers have not satisfactorily identified them.

The depiction of Madison and other luminaries at the convention gives ''Decision
in Philadelphia'' a revisionist flavor. The mighty flounder while the middling
flourish. Madison, for example, is divested of his title, Father of the
Constitution, and is described, variously, as naive, jealous, intransigent and
dishonest, the latter charge stemming from the authors' adoption of W. W.
Crosskey's thesis that after the convention Madison doctored his notes to exalt
himself and ''cheat'' his colleagues of their share of the glory. On the other
hand, delegates like Charles Pinckney of South Carolina, Abraham Baldwin of
Georgia and Daniel of St. Thomas Jenifer of Maryland bask in unaccustomed
praise. The exaggeration of the importance of Roger Sherman and the entire
Connecticut delegation is as notable and as understandable - Christopher Collier
is a biographer of Sherman and the state historian of Connecticut - as it is
unwarranted.

''Decision in Philadelphia'' is not, then, the definitive work on the creation
of the Constitution. It is a bold, fast-paced narrative, grounded in a command
of the voluminous literature on the subject, that will appeal to a variety of
audiences. Those popular writers and journalists who are poised, in the absence
of interest among professional historians, to publish narratives about the
making of the Constitution should not despair that their subject has been
pre-empted. But they should be advised that they face a strong, early entry in
the bicentennial book derby.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo limestone bas-relief, ''Drafting the Constitution,'' by Lee
Lawrie.

TYPE: REVIEW

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              729 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Courtroom Drama

BYLINE: By MARILYN STASIO

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; CRIME; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 919 words


With perfect (if shamelessly calculated) timing, THE FIFTH WITNESS (Little,
Brown, $27.99), Michael Connelly's new legal mystery featuring Mickey Haller --
known in certain circles as the Lincoln Lawyer because he does business out of
the back seat of his Town Car -- arrives in bookstores at the same time the
feature film adapted from the first book in this series (also called ''The
Lincoln Lawyer'') hits the movie theaters. Despite that confluence of events,
Haller hasn't gone Hollywood in this lively caper, although he does sell out to
some extent by disengaging himself from his bulletproof car (acquired from a
drug dealer's widow) and renting a real office, complete with ''a nap couch.''

With his usual adroitness at adapting to economic realities, Haller is currently
specializing in the booming field of real estate foreclosure defense. (From
where he sits, it's ''the only growth industry in the law business'' in Los
Angeles.) But he finds himself back in criminal court when Lisa Trammel, a
client in defiance of a foreclosure notice, is accused of murdering the bank
executive in charge of taking her house.

Hotheaded Lisa is a handful, having picketed the bank, spooked the banker and
inspired other foreclosure victims to join her protest. Haller, though, has a
sneaking suspicion that his most flamboyant ''nuisance client'' might not be
guilty of murder. ''That wasn't like me, to believe in innocence,'' he
confesses. But ''idealism dies hard,'' and Haller pulls together a defense team
to take on her case, which turns into a media circus after Lisa signs up with an
opportunistic producer intent on selling her story to the movies.

Haller is the kind of slick, cynical showman who can't resist making high drama
out of every routine legal procedure. He arranges a closed-bid art auction to
serve a subpoena on a resistant witness, rigs a photo trick to break down solid
eyewitness testimony and takes a mannequin into court to illustrate a dubious
defense point.

''It was all strategy and games,'' he confesses, ''and I had to admit it was the
best part of a trial.'' But Connelly is himself a master manipulator, and
there's always something deadly serious behind his entertaining courtroom high
jinks. Here he describes the background of the real estate collapse, exposing
the venality involved in mortgage foreclosures. And just to keep it light, he
throws in a few inside jokes about Hollywood hustlers and the things they'll do
to get their hands on a hot property.

DRAWING CONCLUSIONS (Atlantic Monthly, $24), Donna Leon's 20th Venetian mystery
featuring her compassionate police detective, Commissario Guido Brunetti,
epitomizes what we treasure most about this series: a feeling for the life of a
sublimely beautiful city and a sensitivity to the forces that are reshaping it.
Not to mention the pleasure of being in Brunetti's company when this shrewd but
scrupulously honest man is having a crisis of ethics at the flower market or
trying to pry information from a hostile nun.

Brunetti's close scrutiny of the modest apartment where an elderly widow has
just died opens this investigation into two types of silent victims, abused
women and old people living and dying alone. According to a resident of the
nursing home where the widow volunteered her time, she was ''a good woman'' who
''understood things. Why people do things,'' but whose inflexible sense of right
and wrong may have caused her death. This offends Brunetti, who is distressed to
think that the Venetian tolerance of corruption -- about which he himself is
profoundly ambivalent -- has made it a liability for a decent person to maintain
a commitment to justice.

Yashim, the eunuch investigator in Jason Goodwin's sumptuous mysteries set in
19th-century Istanbul, is often away from the palace on royal assignments. That
alone adds to the exotic allure of the intimate views of harem life in AN EVIL
EYE (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26), which opens with the death of Sultan Mahmut
II and the pandemonium in the seraglio when his 16-year-old successor arrives at
the palace with his own harem. ''We're the pretty girls,'' the newcomers taunt
the older women scrambling to gather up their children and salvage a few
possessions to take into exile. But in the thrill of the moment, two of the new
girls insult the late sultan's sister and unleash what some palace residents
fear is a curse. Russian designs on the Ottoman Empire add political dimensions
to the plot and heighten the dangers of Yashim's investigation. But those nasty
Russians have a lot to learn from the devious ladies in the seraglio.

In Lori Roy's haunting first novel, BENT ROAD (Dutton, $25.95), Arthur Scott
tries to escape the volatile racial climate of Detroit in 1967 by moving his
wife and three children to the tiny Kansas town he left after the violent death
of his sister 25 years earlier. Writing with a delicate touch but great strength
of purpose, Roy creates stark studies of the prairie landscape and subtle
portraits of the Scotts as they struggle to adjust not only to their rural
surroundings but to their troublesome relatives and taciturn neighbors. While
Arthur seems to thrive in this environment, the younger children are tormented
at school and his wife, who no longer wears her pearls to church, is most aware
of how they have all coarsened and accepted the brutish values of this alien
world. At the end of this Gothic nightmare, the Scotts have been exposed to more
violence and suffering than they ever were in big, bad Detroit.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY CHRISTOPH NIEMANN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              730 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                          December 18, 1985 Wednesday

STANCE-TAKING GALORE IN NEW TRAPPER JOHN SERIES

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: DEAN P

LENGTH: 525 words


Stance-taking galore in new Trapper John series AS if to show that it is going
to be as relevant as hell in its new season, Channel 7's Trapper John offers a
swag of attitudes tonight at 8.30. We hear about the ethics of allowing a
brain-dead youth of 19 to die, the value of virtually touting for patients via
advertising, the ever-present greed, and a ""sportsman's" indifference to
causing terrible injury. There is so much stance-taking that hardly any time is
available for any sort of plot, but that's a medical series for you. Playing God
and agonising over it. And tonight is only the first program of the series. In
his genesis in M.A.S.H., Trapper John McIntyre was a rebel with a cause. War was
his target. A fine surgeon, of course, but wild, man, wild. With his
metamorphosis into a bald-headed, slower-paced chief surgeon at San Francisco
Memorial, Trapper (Pernell Roberts) has also mellowed into a responsible,
dedicated man whose standing up to be counted is restricted to matters of
procedure. He's still a regular guy, though. He watches ice hockey on TV during
his desk lunch and takes the time to prepare a 12-year-old lad for heart surgery
with a talk about dogs. But he's impatient for his assistant Gonzo (Gregory
Harrison) to declare a hockey player dead, so that the young man's heart can be
tranplanted into the boy. Meanwhile, hospital administrator Slocum (Simon Scott,
who's looking more and more like Sidney Greenstreet) is sacking nurses as an
economy measure. Trapper won't condone advertising, so Bay General dodgers are
everywhere and, presumably, attracting all the business. Loop Lasalle, a
mediocre hockey player from Canada, is bopped by star defender Leper Lescowitz
in a match and winds up sentenced to life as a comatose vegetable. Leper _
appropriately named _ is casual about the whole thing. It's a tough game, he
says. Even Loop's assistant coach is indifferent. ""I'd give 10 Lasalle's for a
Leper," he tells Gonzo. But when the possibility of the hospital pulling the
plug on Loop's life-support system is raised (so that his heart becomes
available), Leper is alarmed that he may be charged with manslaughter. And this
would never do. ""We have a lot of money invested in this guy," the club's
lawyer tells the startled Trapper and Gonzo. Fortunately (?) Lasalle has no one
to worry about him. An uncle in Canada couldn't care less. Leper, by the way, is
a real charmer. He takes out beautiful nurse Gloria and when she starts talking
about the ailing child, he asks indignantly ""Are you interested in me or the
little boy?" Barry H. Pollack's script is full of such ironic touches. After the
final credits, you are seething about the venality of some of your
fellow-humans. When you boil it down, all this posturing may be merely a
time-filler, presenting problems without offering solutions; adopting phoney
stances with little substance. Certainly, Gonzo is a holier-than-thou customer.
But, unless you are careful, it gets you in. Even the 12-year-old who apparently
speaks and thinks like an adult doesn't seem too artificial. The ideas and
conflicts have the semblance of importance.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              731 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 14, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Joe Gores, 79, Crime Writer in Dashiell Hammett Mode

BYLINE: By WILLIAM GRIMES

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 819 words


Joe Gores, a crime writer whose spare, chiseled sentences and deadpan dialogue
put him squarely in the Dashiell Hammett tradition and persuaded Hammett's
daughter to let him write a follow-up to ''The Maltese Falcon,'' died on Monday
in Greenbrae, Calif. He was 79 and lived in San Anselmo.

The cause was complications of bleeding ulcers, his stepdaughter, Gillian
Monserrat, said.

Mr. Gores, well known to crime-fiction fans as a short-story writer, scored a
critical success in 1969 with his first novel, ''A Time of Predators,'' the
story of an ordinary man who wrestles with his conscience as he tries to avenge
the murder of his wife by a teenage gang. It was named the best debut mystery
novel by the Mystery Writers of America, which gave it its Edgar Allan Poe Award
in 1970.

He also won an Edgar that year for his short story ''Good-bye, Pops,'' which
appeared in Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine.

Mr. Gores followed up with ''Dead Skip'' (1972), the first in a series of taut,
ingeniously plotted stories about Daniel Kearney Associates, a detective agency
whose main business is repossessing cars, a job Mr. Gores once held. In
describing the agency's workings, he created what the crime writer Lawrence
Block pronounced a new genre, the ''detective-agency procedural.''

In ''Hammett'' (1975) Mr. Gores skillfully blended fact and fiction, inventing a
murder case for his protagonist to solve at the time the actual Hammett was
finishing ''Red Harvest.'' Critics praised Mr. Gores's evocation of Hammett's
literary style and character, as well as his fictional world.

''Gores in his way is as resourceful as the Master himself, and has dreamed up
an evocative picture of San Francisco in 1928 -- with its beauty, its venality,
its dirty cops and politicians,'' wrote Newgate Callendar (the book-reviewing
pseudonym of the music critic Harold C. Schonberg) in The New York Times Book
Review.

The book was made into a less than successful 1982 film by Wim Wenders, but it
helped convince Hammett's daughter, Jo Marshall, that only Mr. Gores could be
trusted to write a sequel to ''The Maltese Falcon.'' Mr. Gores, pointing out
that most of the characters are either dead or in prison by the end of the book,
proposed a prequel instead, and ''Spade & Archer'' was published in 2009.

Joseph Nicholas Gores was born on Dec. 25, 1931, in Rochester, Minn. After
earning a bachelor's degree in English literature from Notre Dame University in
1953 he took a series of jobs that would stand him in good stead as a writer. At
various times he was a hod carrier, a logger in Alaska, a stock clerk, a truck
driver, a manager of a hot-sheet motel and a gym instructor.

For several years he also worked as a private detective in San Francisco,
including a stint with David Kikkert & Associates, the model for his fictional
agency. He was hired as a repo man after he successfully tackled a bogus
assignment to find a man who had skipped out on his car payments.

''I talked to 167 people at 57 different addresses, trying to run this guy
down,'' Mr. Gores told Stanford magazine in 2009. He found the culprit in a
grave in Colma, Calif., where he had been buried two years earlier.

''He gave me a file on a dead man to see if I could find him,'' Mr. Gores
recalled. He later claimed that writing reports as a detective taught him the
essentials of good storytelling.

There were lots of stories to tell. On his first date with Dori Corfitzen, who
would become his second wife, he repossessed a Cadillac from Jimmy Fratianno, an
organized-crime boss known as the Weasel.

In addition to his stepdaughter, Gillian, of Antioch, Calif., he is survived by
his wife; a stepson, Timothy Gould of Carson, Calif.; and two
step-grandchildren.

Mr. Gores sold his first story in 1957 to Manhunt, one of the last of the pulp
magazines. After earning a master's degree in English literature from Stanford
University, he taught English at a boy's secondary school in Kenya and pondered
his future as a writer.

''While living in Africa, I read Robert Ardrey's 'African Genesis,' and a few
years later Joseph Campbell's 'The Hero with a Thousand Faces,' '' he told the
reference work Contemporary Authors. ''From these I came to understand what my
basic fictional theme was: a hero who has been stripped of society's defenses
must overcome danger and death armed only with the genetic survival skills
inherited from his prehuman ancestors.''

In addition to a half-dozen DKA novels, notably ''Gone, No Forwarding'' (1978)
and the farcical ''32 Cadillacs'' (1992), he wrote ''Interface'' (1974), ''Come
Morning'' (1986) and ''Glass Tiger'' (2006), as well as the
semi-autobiographical ''Cases'' (1999).

He wrote many screenplays, as well as television scripts for the series ''B. L.
Stryker'' (for which he was a story editor), ''Remington Steele,'' and ''Magnum,
P. I.'' One of his scripts for ''Kojak,'' ''No Immunity for Murder,'' won an
Edgar Award in 1976.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Joe Gores

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Joe Gores (PHOTOGRAPH BY DORI GORES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              732 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 14, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

You don't know Jack;
Book says columnist Anderson's tactics in his war with Nixon included blackmail
and bribery

BYLINE: Howard Kurtz

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1960 words


There was a time  in Washington when Jack Anderson was a hero, the columnist who
kept unearthing Richard Nixon's dark secrets, a Pulitzer winner who revealed the
administration's secret tilt toward Pakistan in its war against India.

But Anderson's reputation would have been shredded had anyone learned that he
paid off the source who slipped him the classified documents on Pakistan. Here's
how it went down: Anderson bought some undeveloped California land from Navy
Yeoman Charles Radford, using an old high school friend as a middleman to
disguise the transaction. "It was really a payoff," Anderson acknowledged a few
months before his death.

Anderson made the admission to author Mark Feldstein, an associate professor at
George Washington University. When Feldstein worked as an Anderson intern in the
1970s, he says: "I looked up to him and admired him. He certainly had his warts,
God knows. I certainly realized that his later career turned embarrassing. Any
of us who worked for him knew the tactics he used were not the ones I teach in
journalism school."

But, he says, "the blackmail and bribery came as a shock."

Feldstein's new book "Poisoning the Press" stunned me, another former Anderson
reporter from that era, and may transform the muckraker's image as well. While
detailing Nixon's utter obsession with Anderson -- to the point that 16 CIA
operatives once kept him under surveillance and Watergate burglar G. Gordon
Liddy plotted to kill him -- the author makes the case that each side employed
equally ruthless methods against the other.

Anderson, who died in 2005, may seem a remote figure today, but in the
pre-Watergate days he was the capital's leading investigative journalist and
self-promoting showman, churning out a remarkable series of scoops with his
small staff. Nixon called him an S.O.B. and worse.

Their mutual hostility was a harbinger of the escalating frictions between
presidents and the press, although no subsequent administration has matched
Nixon's in terms of venality and criminality toward journalists. But the
accumulated evidence of Anderson's unclean hands soils what otherwise would be a
media morality tale.

Not everyone buys this thesis, of course, including Anderson's longtime deputy
Les Whitten. "Jack had a lot of things wrong with him, but when he was good he
was very good, and he was good most of the time," Whitten says. "Jack was not
underhanded so much as he was clever. . . . He was from the school, if you're
right 75 percent of the time, that's a pretty good average."

Brit Hume, the former Anderson reporter who became a Fox News anchor, praises
the book's portrayal. "I think by and large it was fair to Jack," he says.

Questionable tactics

Feldstein, an easygoing former correspondent for ABC, NBC and CNN, began the
project as a doctoral dissertation a decade ago. He conducted 200 interviews,
reviewed tens of thousands of pages of documents, including Anderson's FBI file,
and time spent listening to the scratchy White House tapes. On Tuesday, GW will
unveil the archives donated by Anderson -- 200 boxes of personal papers that the
Bush-era FBI tried to seize after his death, claiming the possibility of
national security secrets, before backing off months later.

Anderson's questionable tactics were visible as early as 1958, when he and a
Democratic congressional investigator were caught with bugging equipment in the
old Sheraton-Carlton Hotel, surreptitiously recording the businessman who bribed
Sherman Adams, later forced to resign as President Dwight Eisenhower's chief of
staff. This was a big break for Anderson, who was then the chief legman for
columnist Drew Pearson.

During the 1960 campaign, Anderson worked with an operative for John F.
Kennedy's campaign to uncover a secret $205,000 loan -- actually a gift that was
never repaid -- from reclusive billionaire Howard Hughes to Vice President
Nixon's brother, Donald. Pearson was reluctant to run the story on the eve of
the election, so Anderson set a trap by letting a top Nixon aide know he was
investigating the matter. That prompted the GOP campaign to leak a sanitized
version to a conservative Scripps-Howard reporter, creating the opening for the
columnists to "correct the record" with the seamy details.

Anderson and Pearson quickly took a partisan side, drafting a statement for
their friend Lyndon Johnson, Kennedy's running mate, to demand Senate hearings
on Nixon's finances. They even sent a telegram to Democratic congressman Jack
Brooks -- headlined SUGGEST PRESS STATEMENT SOMEWHAT ALONG THESE LINES -- which
Brooks faithfully followed.

Anderson sometimes hit Democrats, too. Weeks after Martin Luther King's
assassination, he reported that Robert Kennedy had authorized FBI spying on the
civil rights leader -- and later acknowledged that the leak had been timed by
RFK's rival, President Johnson, who had given the story to Pearson. The bureau
confirmed it to Anderson even though J. Edgar Hoover had called him "a
flea-ridden dog" who was "lower than the regurgitated filth of vultures."

Homophobic surveillance

One of the book's most striking themes is the blatant homophobia of that era, as
revealed by Feldstein's archival sleuthing. Weeks after Nixon took office, a
White House aide gave Anderson a ludicrously false tip that the president's top
assistants, H.R. Haldeman and John Ehrlichman, were gay lovers. Anderson had a
staffer conduct surveillance outside Haldeman's Watergate residence and later
told the FBI's No. 2 man that he had learned of a gay sex ring in the White
House.

That performance was matched by the administration's response to the leak of the
India-Pakistan papers by Radford, the Navy yeoman. Nixon, according to
Ehrlichman's notes, called him to ask, "Is yeoman deviate?" The president later
told his staff he wanted investigators to find out if the relationship between
Anderson and Radford was sexual. Ehrlichman later recommended "keeping [Radford]
under surveillance in the hope of catching him  . . . with Jack Anderson
sometime." Nixon approved the plan. It was absurd on its face: Anderson had nine
children and, like Radford, was a Mormon.

As it turned out, the administration brought no charges. "I'd love to take that
bastard Anderson" and prosecute him, Nixon told his attorney general, John
Mitchell, who agreed. But Anderson countered by threatening to reveal an even
more embarrassing story than the leaks themselves: that Radford had been spying
on the White House on behalf of the Pentagon (as he would eventually acknowledge
in congressional testimony).

During another controversy, White House aides muttered about a young Anderson
staffer. "Do we have anything on Hume?. . . . It'd be great if we could get him
on a homosexual thing," Haldeman said.

"Is he married?" Nixon asked.

They should check because "he sure looks it," said top aide Chuck Colson.

The president then speculated that Pearson and Anderson were gay, too, which was
inaccurate. They all shared a fierce anti-gay prejudice in an era when the
discovery of homosexuality was a career-ender.

Hume now laughs off such talk, saying, "I thought that stuff was hilarious."

Cat-and-mouse game

Hume came under White House scrutiny after breaking a blockbuster story, that
ITT  had promised to put up $400,000 for the Republican National Convention in
exchange for a Justice Department antitrust ruling allowing the conglomerate to
acquire an insurance company. Hume had confirmed with ITT lobbyist Dita Beard
that she had written a memo outlining the deal (saying Mitchell "is definitely
helping us, but cannot let it be known. . . . Please destroy this, huh?"). The
White House tried to prove the memo was a fake. When FBI tests essentially
authenticated it, Nixon's counsel, John Dean, pressed the bureau to modify that
finding. Hoover, though he despised Anderson, rejected the request as improper.

Like two bruised prizefighters, Anderson and Nixon continued to swing away --
the difference, of course, being that the president wielded the power of the
government. The CIA, though barred from domestic spying, had already tried
having its agents tail Anderson, a tactic he mocked by having his kids dress up
like their father and drive off in different directions. Later in 1972, the
president's men tried feeding negative material about Anderson to the press,
then sent him a forged White House letter in an unsuccessful attempt to get him
to bite on a bogus scoop.

The cat-and-mouse game turned more serious when two Nixon campaign operatives,
Liddy and E. Howard Hunt, began plotting to murder Anderson. They considered
breaking into his Bethesda home and slipping poison into one of his medicines,
putting LSD on his steering wheel or ramming into his car. Finally, Liddy
decided on knifing or strangling Anderson, which he called "justifiable
homicide." Feldstein questions how serious the plots were, but notes that Liddy
and Hunt both admitted their involvement; Liddy wrote about the plot in his
autobiography.

Playing dirty

But just when one sympathizes with Anderson as the target of thugs and loons,
the book serves up reminders that he could also play dirty -- even when that
meant consorting with his nominal enemies. When George Wallace was gearing up
for his 1972 campaign challenge to Nixon, Anderson asked for -- and received --
Internal Revenue Service files on the Alabama governor. White House aide Murray
Chotiner provided the confidential tax records, which is a felony. The story
damaged Wallace, and Feldstein concludes Anderson was being "disingenuous at
best" by praising Nixon in his column for refusing to kill the investigation.

As a younger reporter, Anderson admitted in an unpublished manuscript obtained
by Feldstein, "I would have regarded such dealings as evidence of a deplorable
cynicism." In the end Anderson double-crossed the Nixon team by burning his
source, reporting that the White House had "use[d] our column" to leak Wallace's
records, bringing "pressure on him through a tax investigation" to "eliminate"
the "threat to President Nixon's reelection."

In 1973, the columnist went after acting FBI director L. Patrick Gray,
determined to derail his nomination after the bureau arrested Anderson's partner
Whitten on trumped-up charges of receiving classified documents that were thrown
out by a grand jury. After testifying at Gray's confirmation hearings, Feldstein
reports, Anderson "blackmailed a key legislator." He pushed Senate Majority Whip
Robert Byrd to oppose Gray, saying, "Bobby, I've got more newspapers in West
Virginia than Pat Gray has." The message, Anderson admitted, was "if I ever
found any dirt on him, I had an audience in his home state." Byrd wound up
leading the opposition to Gray and used questions supplied by Anderson.

Anderson played only a minor role in the Watergate scandal that toppled Nixon,
and his influence gradually declined over the years. In 1992, as Feldstein, who
interviewed me, notes in the book, I reported that a $10,000 Exxon check wound
up in Anderson's bank account for a television program he was making after the
Exxon Valdez oil spill; he claimed he didn't realize Exxon's role and pulled out
of the project.

The interviews with Anderson in the last years of his life, as he struggled with
Parkinson's disease and was succumbing to cancer, had a poignant air. "He was so
forgotten by the time I got to him that he was glad to be remembered," Feldstein
says. The lesson, in his view, is "how corrupting power is, no matter how
idealistic you start out."

On the other hand, Feldstein says of his onetime boss, "I think he was
incredibly brave and was doing it when no one else was and broke some stories of
enormous consequence. He's both heroic and arguably corrupt. He's not a simple
villain or hero."

kurtzh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Ellsworth Davis/the Washington Post; OBSESSSED: Under Nixon, 16
CIA operatives tailed Anderson.
IMAGE; Associated Press; SHOWDOWN: David Hartman, center, of "Good Morning
America," moderates a show in 1980 with Jack Anderson, left, and Watergate
burglar G.Gordon Liddy, who plotted to kill him, says a new book.
IMAGE; Time; SNOOP: Jack Anderson when he won the 1972 Pulitzer Prize.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                 August 2, 2012

Appointments

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 24 No. 2061

LENGTH: 1146  words


University of Southampton

Jenny Fleming

An academic who has spent more than 15 years working with police agencies
worldwide on a number of interdisciplinary topics has become co-director of a
relaunched research unit at the University of Southampton. Jenny Fleming,
professor of criminology, who joined from the University of Tasmania in January,
brings to the role extensive experience in the field. As co-director of the
Institute of Criminal Justice Research, she will aim to "forge some really
exciting interdisciplinary opportunities". Professor Fleming graduated with a BA
and a PhD from Griffith University in Australia, and has held positions at
Griffith, the Australian National University and Tasmania. She said that
academics can work with the police to improve the way the latter conduct
themselves. "Many of the problems we are seeing now are problems of poor
policymaking, not necessarily police venality or ineptitude," she said. "That
said, once we get these problems in perspective, what we then have to do is not
only find ways to improve police effectiveness ... but also convince citizens
that the police are doing a good job."

Monash University

Edwina Cornish

One of Monash University's most eminent academics is to take up a new senior
management position at the institution. Edwina Cornish, senior deputy
vice-chancellor and deputy vice-chancellor of research, will become provost next
month. As provost, Professor Cornish will take responsibility for the management
of faculty operations and academic portfolios, allowing Ed Byrne, Monash's
president and vice-chancellor, to concentrate on strategic initiatives. She said
she felt privileged to have been offered the role. "I'm honoured ... and
enthusiastic about the new opportunities it will inevitably bring about for the
university," she said. "I'm particularly looking forward to working even more
closely with my colleagues throughout the faculties, so many of whom are doing
exceptional work." Professor Cornish gained a BSc in biochemistry and a PhD in
microbiology from the University of Melbourne. She was previously deputy
vice-chancellor (research) and professor of biotechnology at the University of
Adelaide, and played a key role in building one of Australia's first
biotechnology companies, Florigene.

University of Birmingham

John Colbourne

The University of Birmingham has appointed a world-leading environmental
genomics scientist to its School of Biosciences. John Colbourne, professor of
genomics, joins from Indiana University Bloomington, where he was genomics
director of the Center for Genomics and Bioinformatics. Professor Colbourne will
lead a £ 2 million initiative - funded by Birmingham - into environmental
genomics research. "I am excited by this opportunity to help assemble a unique
research group that studies genomics to improve the environment," he said. "The
investment will help catalyse international cooperation and provide a training
ground for early-career scientists in the field." Professor Colbourne obtained a
BSc in zoology from the University of Toronto before completing a PhD in
evolution at the University of Guelph. He has held a number of positions in
North America including posts at the universities of Toronto, Oregon and
Dalhousie. He joined Indiana as a postdoctoral fellow before becoming project
group leader on its Daphnia genome project. Professor Colbourne said his move to
the UK would allow him to further his research interests. "Birmingham is a
natural home for this type of multidisciplinary research," he added.

City University London

Ken Grattan

City University London has appointed Ken Grattan as the inaugural dean of its
new graduate school, which opens in September. Professor Grattan, professor of
measurement and instrumentation at the institution, has been con-joint dean of
City's School of Informatics and School of Engineering and Mathematical Sciences
for the past four years. His appointment to the graduate school marks the latest
stage of his almost 30-year association with the university, which he joined as
a "new blood" lecturer in physics in 1983. He was made professor in 1991 and has
also been head of the university's department of electrical, electronic and
information engineering. Professor Grattan's research interests lie in the field
of fibre optic and optical systems for measuring a range of physical and
chemical parameters. "I am delighted to be appointed as dean of City Graduate
School and to be leading a university-wide initiative in graduate education," he
said. "City's ambitious strategic plans call for a major expansion of our
research and, with that, the numbers of our graduate students. Our aim through
the graduate school is to enhance the experience, training and employment
prospects of our research students in a highly competitive world." After
graduating from Queen's University Belfast with a first-class degree in physics,
he remained at the institution to complete a doctorate in laser physics. He
started his academic career as a postdoctoral research fellow at Imperial
College London before joining City.

OTHER CHANGES

Leeds College of Music has appointed Jeremy Lascelles as visiting professor.
Professor Lascelles, former chief executive officer of Chrysalis Music, said: "I
was delighted and honoured to be offered this role. Having spent a little time
with staff and students at the college earlier in the year, I am looking forward
to developing the relationship further." He will take up his role in October.

Fertility expert Lord Winston and comedian Sandi Toksvig have been awarded
honorary degrees by the University of Surrey. Lord Winston and Ms Toksvig are
prolific television and radio broadcasters, and have been honoured for their
contributions to academic research and the cultural life of the UK,
respectively.

Nigel Leask, Regius chair of English language and literature and head of the
School of Critical Studies at the University of Glasgow, has been made a fellow
of the British Academy. The accolade is one of the highest honours available to
academics in the UK's humanities and social sciences.

The University of Hull has appointed three professors to its Faculty of Health
and Social Care. Mark Hayter, Kathleen Galvin and Roger Watson have joined as
professors of sexual and reproductive health, nursing practice and nursing
respectively. Professors Hayter and Watson join from the University of
Sheffield, while Professor Galvin joins from Bournemouth University.

Wendy Purcell, vice-chancellor of Plymouth University, has been appointed chair
of a new national body, the Council of Healthcare Science in Higher Education.
It has been set up to provide a unified "voice" for healthcare science in the
academy. Among other things, the council will promote the field's profile and
ensure that universities are informed of developments and opportunities in the
discipline.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              May 28, 2001 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Movies;
Sunday

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 618 words


Wild Things (1998)

Nine, 8.30pm

Sam Lombardo (Matt or matte Dillon), the student adviser at Blue Bay High in
Florida, is accused of sexually assaulting a silvertail poppy (Denise Richards)
and her tattooed, trailer-trash classmate (Neve Campbell). It seems his
carefully structured career is doomed to shear off and crash in flames. The only
lawyer from America's legion of ambulance-chasing attorneys who is willing to
tackle what appears to be an open-and-shut case is Ken Bowden (Bill Murray).
Detectives Ray and Gloria unearth all sorts of unsavoury material as they sift
through the depositions in search of the truth and as tabloid leeches await the
frisson they will turn into a tsunami. Strong sex scenes (S), frequent coarse
language (L), violence (V) and nudity (N) attend their every step and make this
attractive and serpentine thriller much more than just an alphabet soup of
sensations. There's some decent acting, first-rate photography and an engaging
sense of self-deprecation.

Snake Eyes (1998)

Seven, 8.30pm

Shakers and movers from the US Secretary of Defence down have flocked to a
casino in Atlantic City to see the heavyweight championship fight. Also in
attendance is Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage) and old pal Kevin Dunne
(Gary Sinise). When a pugilist goes down for the count and well beyond a few
rows back from ringside, it becomes evident they have a problem. The pug is none
other than Donald Rumsfeld's predecessor, the Secretary of Defence fatally
ventilated by a well-placed bullet. It looks like a long investigation is in the
offing given that there are 14,000 suspects, witnesses and possible accomplices.
Can they discover the identity of the killer? Well, duhhh! But not before Brian
De Palma has led the pair and the viewer down a stylish pathway littered with
designer herrings of a reddish hue. Remarkably, when it comes to viewing
videotapes of the event in pursuit of clues, Detective Santoro doesn't have to
pay a fee to Don King. Not that he isn't above a spot of extortion and
schmoozing himself. He has "worked the sewer" scamming bucks from petty crims to
have a punt on the fight. De Palma seems incapable of concerning himself with
dramatic elements such as character and personality. As seems to be the fashion
in films about people who have become so numbed by the ruthless venality of
their existence, they respond in an emotionally minimalist fashion according to
some woeful Hollywood code. Cage can act and he strives hard to make Santoro
believable something Sinise, as the navy spook, and Carla Gugino, as the
mysterious blonde, opt not to do. Is there a hint of Rashomon in the film? No,
that would imbue it with a sense of style it doesn't have and a respectability
it certainly doesn't deserve.

Cleo from 5 to 7 (1961)

SBS, 11.10pm

The memories of nouvelle vague triggered by Agnes Varda's film will make this a
treat for viewers who care to drift back to the early '60s. Cleo (Corinne
Marchand), a nightclub singer, has been to the doctor and given a jarring
prognosis. She may well have a fatal illness and she must wait for a couple of
hours while the tests are confirmed to discover what her fate will be. During
these two hours between five and seven she wanders the streets of Paris and sees
everything in a tight focus that only a sudden sense of mortality can bring.
Will she find strength, comfort and hope as the clock ticks down? She meets a
young soldier and finds unexpected intimacy and she is entertained by a brief
burlesque featuring Jean-Luc Godard, Anna Karina (looking a lot like Kate Behan
in Love Is A Four Letter Word), Eddie Constantine and Jean-Claude Brialy. The
film's innate charm has survived 40 years pretty well intact.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: ``You call this loud, then getta load of my shirt'': Nicolas
Cage in Snake Eyes, Seven, 8.30pm.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                  May 22, 2003

How to beat Paris - let's make it the funky Games

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

LENGTH: 910 words


At last the swords are drawn. Paris is in the circle. If London is to plunge
into the 2012 Olympics contest, at least its foe is worthy.

With Wednesday's declaration of Paris's bid, we can bring on Napoleon, Henry V,
Les Miserables and the roast beef of Olde England. We can forget political
correctness and being nice to the Third World. Two great cities are in
contention and no holds are barred.

Now all the youth of England are on fire, cried Shakespeare, And silken
dalliance in the wardrobe lies. The fight is with France and we are going to
love every minute of it.

Paris's announcement in the Hotel de Ville was formidable. The Stade de France
is to be en fête. There will be showjumping beneath the Eiffel Tower and fencing
in the Grand Palais. The Olympic village will not be in some regenerated swamp
but behind Montmartre.

Paris has no need to await planned infrastructure. Its stadium and rapid-transit
subways are already built. Four billion pounds are on call from the French
government. Having bid and failed for 2008, France has no wish to lose a second
time.

One lesson to be learned from these projects is that only big boys play. With
London, New York and Paris all bidding seriously, the politics will be dirty and
the costs huge. Diplomats have little doubt that France's antics prior to the
Iraq invasion were, in part, a foreplay of the Olympics bid. So, reputedly, was
Robert Mugabe's visit to Paris in February.

The International Olympics Committee (IOC) is of legendary venality, yet the
boon it offers big cities is real. Barcelona and Sydney received huge economic
adrenaline from hosting the Games. The reason is not the Games themselves, which
are merely a few weeks of extra visitor income. It is the glory reflected onto
politicians, which, in turn, unlocks doors, chests, purses and planning
permissions normally out of sight and mind.

The Games are beyond common sense. They are medieval events, in motivation and
in public expenditure.

For London's decaying infrastructure, this is a real consideration. The
metropolis is institutionally incapable of executing any project except under
force majeure - witness the British Library, the Jubilee Line Extension, the
Channel Tunnel Link and CrossRail.

It took the fixed Millennium date to give London two new footbridges. It took
the Dome opening to get the Jubilee Line finished. Only the glory, or shame, of
an Olympics bid might induce ministers to order CrossRail to be built.

The British think of themselves as rationalists. They are not. They are like the
French, doing what prestige demands. Shame is the spur.

Yet in pitting such promised projects against Paris, London should be careful.
Projects are things the French do well. There is no way indecisive, politically
correct London is going to win by offering Stratford Goods Yard against the
Stade de France or the Mile End Road against the Rue Lafayette.

For tourist spectacle, can the gap-toothed skyline of London's get-rich-quick
property development ever compete with the conserved façades of central Paris?

London will always look poor and dirty, and Paris will always look clean and
rich. (This is in large part because Paris has cleansed its central area of the
poor: London, to its credit, has not done so.) In this context, that may not
matter.

London may try a bit of mud-slinging. French public servants have a poor strike
record and French security is notoriously heavy-handed. Parisians hate speaking
the Olympic language, English.

Their city may no longer be a top-rank capital and its romantic appeal has
passed to Amsterdam, Barcelona, Prague and Rome. It is an old-fashioned place, a
sort of Geneva-on-Seine, and overwhelmed as the world's number one tourist
destination.

But mud-slinging wins no contests. London cannot beat Paris on Paris's terms. It
must present itself as the precise opposite. While Paris offers conservative,
expense-account, five-star Olympics, London must offer the first funky Games.

How else to sell a stadium on Hackney Marshes? To the Grand Boulevard cafés
London must offer the rave venues of Clerkenwell and Brixton. While Paris is The
Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie, London is Withnail and I.

Nobody will ever clean the streets of London or the faces of its tramps. So make
a virtue of them. These would be the first Games for modern youth, scruffy,
low-profile, alternative, hip. The only drug-free zone will be on the track and
field. Tickets should go on sale first in Camden Lock and Borough Market. The
Paris Games will be for the over-50s. The London Games should be for the
under-40s.

Indeed, London would be well-advised to avoid any mention of grand projects in
its bid, eagerly though Londoners might hope to get them. Its transportation
will never outshine Paris's Metro/RER.

Though the Olympics should galvanise some infrastructure spending, the Treasury
has reportedly banned any mention of CrossRail in London's bid.

The best response is, who cares? Each Saturday afternoon, London's Tubes and
buses handle more people than the Olympics will draw. The city should swallow
the Olympics without noticing.

The battle with Paris must be based on a choice not an echo. The test must not
be who pledges the bigger stadium or sweeps the cleaner pavement. That way
London will lose. The test is where the world's young people would rather have
two weeks of fun. In that there is no contest.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2003

                       Copyright 2003 Johnston Press Plc


                              736 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Performance Pay Model for Doctors

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 598 words


To the Editor:

Re ''New York Ties Doctors' Pay to Care Issues'' (front page, Jan. 12):

The performance pay model described in the article breaks the most important
rule of performance metrics: the performance result must be in the control of
the person being measured.

As a health care and government consultant certified in both performance metrics
and quality improvement, I believe that the proposed model will unfairly hold
physicians accountable for performance factors outside their control.

The effect of this approach can be demoralizing because no matter how hard the
physician may try, there can be no ''cause-effect'' relationship between the
physicians' behaviors and their performance scores.

The physician should not be held accountable for the fact that many patients
choose to overeat, drink to excess, smoke and use illegal drugs. The patient is
responsible for those poor health habits, not the doctors.

HELMI A. PUCINO Amherst, Mass., Jan. 12, 2013

To the Editor:

No past professional generation dreamed that the public and private
bureaucracies serving finance capital would commandeer the clinical profession
under the false flag of wholesome reform.

WILLIAM STEINSMITH San Francisco, Jan. 12, 2013

The writer is an internist.

To the Editor:

I read your article with chagrin and an almost bitter wistfulness. Medicine was
once understood as a moral profession, with physicians as paladins against
disease. As a profession, we sought mastery over disease, not merely competence.
Clinical skills were paramount, and knowledge and experience were the measures
sought and rewarded.

The definitions of ''quality'' being discussed will not lead to making an
enigmatic diagnosis at an earlier time or a more skillful surgery. The true
measures are driven by internal motives of ethics and professionalism.

To many today, medicine is an economic commodity or an industry simply needing
to undergo ''organizational'' reform. It never was, nor will disease let it be.

This article implies that some doctors, dripping with venality, will manipulate
the system, trying to constrain their rogue behaviors. When will the regulators
understand that they do not get up in the middle of the night, attend to the
death of a child or fear that they simply did not know enough?

Ask any doc if what is going to be rewarded really reflects on his skills and
effort. And stand a bit back for the answer.

JOEL B. LEVINE Northampton, Mass., Jan. 12, 2013

The writer is a professor of medicine at the University of Connecticut Health
Center.

To the Editor:

Developers of the pay-for-performance scheme planned by the New York City Health
and Hospitals Corporation should consider potential unintended consequences of
their proposal. They will exclude homeless patients and those with developmental
disabilities from incentive payments.

But patients like these are most in need of better care delivery: they tend to
suffer with more chronic conditions, use more health services and cost the most.

Pay-for-performance schemes that exclude such patients may perversely give
physicians an incentive to ignore the most vulnerable patients, while they
devote disproportionate attention to less sick patients.

Physicians who practice in city hospitals tend to be among the most
mission-driven and altruistic. The Health and Hospitals Corporation should
leverage that by including all patients in the incentive and distribute the
bonuses to the hospitals themselves to be used to better serve patients.

BRUCE LEFF Baltimore, Jan. 12, 2013

The writer is a professor of medicine at the Johns Hopkins University School of
Medicine.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/19/opinion/a-performance-pay-model-for-doctors.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY JAN VAN DER VEKEN)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              737 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                     September 2, 1996 - September 8, 1996

AMERICAN BUFFALO

BYLINE: Daniel M. Kimmel

SECTION: FILM REVIEWS; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 692 words


A Samuel Goldwyn Co. release, in association with Capitol Films, of a Punch
Prods. production. Executive producer, John Sloss. Produced by Gregory Mosher.
Co-producer, Sarah Green.

Directed by Michael Corrente. Screenplay, David Mamet, based on his play. Camera
(color), Richard Crudo; editor, Kate Sanford; music, Thomas Newman; production
design, Daniel Talpers; costume design, Deborah Newhall; sound (Dolby), Ronald
Judkins, Robert Jackson; assistant director, Julian Petrillo; casting, Billy
Hopkins, Suzanne Smith, Kerry Barden. Reviewed at the Sony Copley Place Theatre,
Boston, Aug. 12, 1996. (In Venice, Boston film festivals.) MPAA Rating: R.
Running time: 88 MIN.

Teach ... Dustin Hoffman

Don ..... Dennis Franz

Bobby ... Sean Nelson

The star quality of Dustin Hoffman and Dennis Franz should prove a draw for this
film version of David Mamet's "American Buffalo." A three-character, one-set
chamber piece, pic lacks the bravura moments of the film version of the
playwright's "Glengarry Glen Ross," which may limit its box office appeal.

Mamet, adapting his play, and director Michael Corrente have declined to do much
opening up of the story, which is about two losers and a loser-in-training
planning and failing to follow through on a heist. While Corrente takes us
through the streets of his native Providence, R.I., for the opening sequence,
the bulk of the film takes place in and around Don Dubrow's (Franz) junk shop.

Don takes a fatherly view toward Bobby (Sean Nelson), a teen who has been
running errands for him. Bobby's latest job is to keep an eye on a customer who
bought what apparently was a valuable coin from Don, who, not having realized
the value of the coin himself, feels violated. He intends his revenge by robbing
the home of the customer.

Don's partner in crime is Teach (Hoffman), another loser who fancies himself an
expert on the human condition. He pontificates at length, but the more he talks
the more obvious it becomes that he has little but his own small-minded venality
to offer. They await the arrival of another partner, and it is in the endless
waiting that the "action" of the story takes place.

The only real development in the story is the growing tension between Don and
Bobby caused by the endless badgering of Teach, who doesn't come right out and
attack Don until late in the film. Instead he wheedles and cajoles, getting
under Don's skin until Don seems willing to do almost anything just to end the
irritation.

As a finely etched character study rather than a plot-driven film, "American
Buffalo" rises or falls on the strength of its performances. Hoffman's turn here
may strike some as larger than life, but he gets it exactly right: Teach is
always playing to an audience, including himself, to try to convince the world
that his view is the only view.

Even more impressive is Franz, whose previous feature work, notably for Brian De
Palma, did not require him to bear the weight of a film on his shoulders. His TV
work, especially on "NYPD Blue," has allowed him to stretch, and it pays off
here. Don is the center of the story: The other two characters try to manipulate
him to get what they want. In a sense, it's a struggle for Don's soul. For this
setup to work, viewers must care about Don. Franz brings to the part both a
lowlife grittiness and the sense of an inner core of integrity that makes the
battle for his loyalty worth fighting. It is Franz's Don who lingers in the
memory at film's end.

Nelson is fine as Bobby, but his character is more the object of the struggle
than a full-blown character. Don offers him loyalty while Teach wants to disrupt
and separate the two, and Bobby's motivations are never really explained. Nelson
plays Mamet's lines with the appropriate hesitations, making us and Don think
he's hiding something and allowing Teach to chip away a bit more.

Corrente, whose first film was another Providence crime drama ("Federal Hill")
avoids the sophomore curse by working in service of Mamet's script. Although it
is essentially a filmed play, Corrente's pacing, and the brief running time,
prevent claustrophobia from setting in.

LOAD-DATE: September 06, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1996 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 25, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CITY CONFLICT CASE SETTLED BY $29,115

BYLINE: By SUSAN CHIRA

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1137 words


A former Transit Authority general manager who accepted a job with a major
contractor has agreed to pay New York City $29,115 in a settlement of
conflict-of-interest charges.

The general manager, Steven K. Kauffman, resigned on Nov. 30, 1980, and the next
day began a job as president and chief executive officer of the Safety
Electrical Equipment Corporation. The company, which does one-quarter of its
business with the Transit Authority, provides air-conditioning units for IRT
subway cars.

The city's Board of Ethics ruled that Mr. Kauffman had violated the City Charter
by accepting a job with a private employer involving the same matters on which
he had worked for the Transit Authority.  The charter stip ulates that a city
employee must wait three years before accept ing such a job.

City officials said the monetary settlement - based on Mr.  Kauffman's salary
and the amount of business the company did with the authority - was the first
they could remember in such a case.

Unethical Action Denied

Mr. Kauffman denied yesterday that his actions had been unethical and said that
he had not been bound by the City Charter because the Transit Authority was a
state agency. He said he had agreed to the cash settlement to avoid a costly
lawsuit and to preserve his company's ''long and honorable relationship with the
Transit Authority.''

The settlement resolves a yearlong investigation that passed through a series of
agencies. It began with the Board of Ethics and eventually went to the
Department of Investigation and the City Comptroller, who announced the
settlement yesterday. A separate inquiry was begun by the Brooklyn District
Attorney.

The case raised questions, officials said yesterday, of what sanctions could be
applied and who had the authority to apply them.  The Board of Ethics initiated
the investigation and ruled in September 1981 that Mr. Kauffman's acceptance of
the job created a conflict of interest because he had negotiated with Safety
Electrical Equipment while he was general manager of the Transit Authority.

The board also ruled that a conflict existed because a $15.7 million contract
that Mr. Kauffman had approved between the city and Safety Electrical Equipment
was still in effect when Mr. Kauffman assumed his duties as president of the
company. The contract, which took effect in December 1979, runs until March of
this year.

In its ruling, the board also said that ''we have been given no reason to
believe that venality or corruption were involved.'' The Department of
Investigation examined Mr. Kauffman's case at the request of the Board of Ethics
and sent a copy of the report in June to the Brooklyn District Attorney,
according to Stanley N.  Lupkin, Commissioner of the department. Under the
charter, a conflict of interest may be prosecuted by a district attorney as a
misdemeanor.

Job Offer While Golfing

The Department of Investigation report noted that in June 1980, when Mr.
Kauffman approved a contract with the company, the vice chairman of the company
had asked him during a golf game to consider a job with the company.

Robert B. Dodds, the former vice chairman and president of Safety Electrical
Equipment, said that although he had mentioned to Mr.  Kauffman his search for a
company president, he had never had any conversations with Mr. Kauffman about
the contract.

Harrison J. Goldin, the City Comptroller, said that he had heard ''informally''
about the board's ruling in December 1981 and had told Mr. Kauffman that he
would cancel the contract unless a settlement could be worked out that ''assured
that Mr. Kauffman did not profit from the fruits of the conflict.''

Mr. Goldin said that although in the case of a conflict of interest he would
normally cancel a contract, doing so would have hurt subway riders because
Safety Electrical Equipment was virtually the only supplier of air-conditioning
equipment used on subway cars.

Prosecution Question Unclear

Mr. Goldin said that the settlement did not include any promise that the
District Attorney might drop possible prosecution of Mr.Kauffman.  Ned Steele, a
spokesman for Elizabeth Holtzman, the newly elected Brooklyn District Attorney,
sa i d that Miss Holtzman's staff had not yet looked into the matter.

As part of the settlement, Mr. Kauffman said he had written a memorandum to his
subordinates at Safety Electrical Equipment stating that he would have no
responsiblity concerning the contract between his company and the Transit
Authority.

He added that his lawyer had advised him that Mr. Goldin did not have the
authority to cancel the contract because Safety Electrical Equipment had formed
a joint venture with another company to fulfill the contract.

The case and its unusual settlement illustrate the complicated process of
investigating and enforcing conflict-of- interest-issues in New York City.

Four Agencies Involved

If a case of possible conflict arises, any of four agencies can investigate: (1)
the Department of Investigation, which reports to the Mayor; (2) the Board of
Ethics, an independent body composed of private citizens, lawyers and city
officials; (3) the inspector generals of each agency, who report directly to the
head of tha t agency, and ( 4) the city's district attorneys.

Under the City Charter, according to Mr. Lupkin, an employee who is found to
have a conflict of interest may be discharged, internally disciplined or
prosecuted for a misdemeanor. The City Comptroller also has the power to cancel
contracts if a conflict is found.

In Mr. Kauffman's case, the Board of Ethics initiated the investigation but
asked the Department of Investigation to examine Mr. Kauffman's relationship
with the Transit Authority and Safety Electrical Equipment.

Although the board ruled that there was a conflict of interest, the board's
responsibilities do not include enforcing any sanctions, according to Judith
Grad, counsel to the board. Mr. Kauffman's case was unusual because typically
employees considering private employment will ask the board in advance to
determine if there is a conflict, Miss Grad said.

Because Mr. Kauffman had already left the Transit Authority, it initially seemed
as if ''the man was gone and no longer under city jurisdiction,'' Mr. Lupkin
said. Then in December Mr. Goldin decided to use his power of canceling the
contract to bring about a settlement.

Although the Board of Ethics does not have enforcement powers, sometimes the
adverse publicity following a ruling of conflict of interest may prompt the
employee to remedy the conflict, said one city official.

The amount of money Mr. Kauffman is to pay in the settlement was determined by a
percentage of his salary and bonus and the percentage of Safety Electrical
Equipment's business with the Transit Authority, Mr. Goldin said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Steven K. Kauffman (page B5)

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              739 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                November 6, 2011

It's a crazy ride for readers with Hiaasen at the wheel

SECTION: Books

LENGTH: 545 words


The author's hilarious send-up of trash celebrity culture is all about the
characters, says Margaret Carragher

Star Island

Carl Hiaasen

Little Brown, EUR17.99

For all their engagingly manic complexities, the plotlines of Carl Hiaasen's
astute satirical tales are almost incidental: it's all about the characters. In
his latest offering, a hilarious send up of trash celebrity culture set in
Hiaasen's home state of Florida, we meet twenty-something Cherry Pye, a vacuous,
self-absorbed and utterly talentless pop star with a voracious appetite for
drink, drugs and indiscriminate sex, and a comeback album to flog.

Having swallowed an unwise mix of vodka, Red Bull, hydrocodone, birdseed and
stool softener, our heroine is bound yet again for celebrity rehab. Meanwhile,
her body double, Ann DeLusia -- pressed into service whenever Cherry Pye is too
thrashed to appear in public -- is summoned to dupe the paparazzi, one of whom,
Bang Abbott, cops on to the ruse. Long obsessed with his quarry, the odious
Abbott resolves to kidnap Cherry Pye for a fantasy photo shoot, but ends up
instead with Ann, one of the few fairly normal and likeable characters in
Hiaasen's morally and culturally barren Floridian landscape.

On realising his mistake, Abbott contacts Cherry's handlers with a ransom
demand: a private photo shoot with Cherry Pye in exchange for the safe return of
Ann. However, mindful of her already precarious position, and the greed,
duplicity and sheer venality of Team Pye, Ann contacts Skink, a slightly manic,
one-eyed former state governor turned moral crusader who lives in a mangrove
swamp, terrorises corrupt property developers and feeds off roadkill -- as you
do if you're a veteran character of Hiaasen's novels and the notion takes you.

Having taken a fancy -- albeit sweetly platonic -- for Ann, Skink emerges from
his crocodile infested lair to rescue her from Abbott's sweaty paws.

Meanwhile, as Cherry Pye engages in group therapy with similarly strung out
inmates of Rainbow Bend, her rapidly dwindling fortune continues to fuel a gravy
train packed with bottom feeders: her record producer and concert promoter Maury
Lykes; her nipped, tucked and lavishly Botoxed publicists Lucy and Lila Lark;
her hyper-aggressive and dangerously unhinged giant bodyguard Chemo. Not to
mention the absurdly dysfunctional Cherry Pye family: Bloody Mary-swilling
mother Janet and her retinue of toy boy tennis coaches; father Ned and the
bisexual middle-aged Danish couple with whom he shares a passion for fine wines
and group sex; and a trio of brothers, the youngest of whom depends on his
sister's toneless warblings to fund his art gallery in La Jolla dedicated to
homoerotic sculpture and watercolours on butcher paper, painted with the tail of
his deaf Persian cat.

A lot, then, riding on the outcome of Bang Abbott's ransom demand.

Will the odious snapper achieve his dream of a photo session with his quarry
before her party life inevitably unravels' Will the besotted Skink track down
his platonic lady love before Team Pye intervenes?

In the end, it hardly matters. As in all the best travel, it's the journey, not
the destination that counts. And with Hiaasen at the wheel, readers are in for a
crazy, riotous, and thoroughly rib-tickling ride.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hollywood laid bare on Boulevard of broken dreams;
IF YOU WATCH ONE FILM...

BYLINE: FILM Paul Whitington

SECTION: REVIEW;NEWS; Pg. 12,13

LENGTH: 1580 words


It might seem sinfully early to be discussing the Oscars, but one film is
already being talked about as a hot favourite for next year's awards. Damien
Chazelle's La La Land hasn't even been released in the US yet but has gone down
a bomb at the Venice and Toronto film festivals and been showered with five-star
reviews. This despite the fact that it's that most old-fashioned of genres, a
musical, set in Hollywood and celebrating the rich and brassy culture of the
Californian film industry.

Emma Stone is Mia Dolan, a struggling young actress who's stuck in a traffic jam
when she runs into an obnoxious jazz musician played by Ryan Gosling. Sparks
fly, and their romance plays out against the shiny and colourful backdrop of Los
Angeles. Ryan and Gosling get to share some stirring song and dance routines,
but their characters' relationship is jeopardised by unexpected success. Though
only 31, Chazelle already has Oscar form: his last film, Whiplash, was nominated
for five Academy Awards and won three. In addition, the Academy tends to love
movies about Hollywood: The Artist swept the board in 2011, Argo performed
strongly the following year. Which is why La La Land seems like a shoe-in for
awards-season glory: it's due out here at the end of the year.

I haven't seen it yet, but however good La La Land turns out to be, I'm pretty
confident it won't be the best film ever made about Hollywood, because that
would have to be Sunset Boulevard. Made 66 years ago, Billy Wilder's drama
wasn't by any means the first film to attack the skewed values and cheerful
venality of Hollywood, but it did it so intelligently, comprehensively and
stylishly that it's unlikely ever to be matched.

It was made by a man who, having grown up in the Austro-Hungarian Empire, had an
outsider's perspective on Hollywood that helped him capture both its glamour and
its insanity. And although Wilder made a lot of good films - from Double
Indemnity and Ace in the Hole to Some Like it Hot and The Apartment - Sunset
Boulevard may just be the best of them. It turns up on Film Four now and then,
is widely available on DVD, and if you've never seen it, you're in for a treat.

Billy Wilder had been fascinated by the culture and inner workings of Hollywood
since the 1920s, when he'd become a regular at a Berlin cinema that specialised
in American films. When he came to Los Angeles in the early 1930s and began
working as a screenwriter, the film industry was still recovering from the
arrival of talking pictures, a seismic shock that had ended the careers of some
of Hollywood's biggest silent stars.

Most of them still lived there, in huge mansions dotted along Sunset Boulevard,
but had been forgotten by the fickle town they'd helped create. Wilder wondered
how they spent their time, and began dreaming up the story of a great silent
actress who refuses to accept she's no longer a star.

Slowly, the grotesque character of Norma Desmond took form in Wilder's mind. She
was probably an amalgam of many actual silent stars, inspired perhaps by the
unhappily reclusive later lives of Mary Pickford and Norma Talmadge, and the
mental instabilities of Mae Murray, and Clara Bow. She would be a study in the
corrosive effects of fame, and the devastation of losing it, but finding the
right actress to play her would be key to the project's success.

It would have to be someone who suggested the glamour and mystique of the bygone
silent age, but a good enough actress to pull off a demanding and emotionally
charged role. Wilder initially suggested Mae West, but thought better of it: he
contacted the great silent femme fatale Pola Negri but, ironically given his own
central European drawl, was put off by her heavy Polish accent.

The great Norma Shearer was approached, but had recently retired from acting,
and in any case found the idea of playing the deluded and pathetic character
insulting. After Greta Garbo and Mary Pickford had also been crossed off
Wilder's list, he sought advice from his friend George Cukor, who suggested
Gloria Swanson.

There were obvious parallels between Swanson's story and Norma Desmond's. One of
the great stars of the silent era, Gloria Swanson was famous for her beauty,
finesse and high society lifestyle: at the height of her fame in the mid-1920s,
she was said to have received as many as 10,000 fan letters a week, and for a
time had lived on Sunset Boulevard in an impressive Italianate palace.

Her film career was killed by the arrival of sound but, unlike Norma Desmond,
Swanson coolly accepted this change of fortunes, sold her Sunset Boulevard house
and moved to New York, where she worked in radio, theatre and later television,
and became a successful businesswoman.

Swanson might not have reacted as Desmond did, but at least she could understand
how devastating that kind of public rejection might have felt. She had not been
considering a comeback, but knew that Wilder's script represented the
opportunity of a lifetime. In a 1975 interview, Billy Wilder commented dryly
that "there was a lot of Norma in her, you know", and Swanson's outrage at being
asked to do a screen test for the role was very much in character. She
eventually agreed, and was signed up by her old studio, Paramount.

Montgomery Clift was supposed to play her young lover Joe Gillis, but infuriated
Wilder by withdrawing at the last minute. Instead he turned to William Holden, a
likeable actor whose promising career had been interrupted by military service
in World War II. And in a stroke of genius, legendary silent era director Erich
von Stroheim was persuaded to play Norma Desmond's long-suffering and slavishly
faithful factotum, Max.

Von Stroheim had actually directed Swanson in her pomp: his presence added to
the film's authenticity, as did the "waxworks", a group of friends who joined
Norma for a solemn weekly card game, and were played by silent stars HB Warner,
Anna Q Nilsson and the great Buster Keaton.

Gillis is a struggling screenwriter in late 1940s' Hollywood who's being pursued
by a pair of repo men when he pulls into the driveway of a mansion on Sunset
Boulevard to hide. The old place has clearly seen better days: there are rats in
the empty swimming pool, dust and cobwebs everywhere. Inside, Joe finds Norma, a
faded beauty who curses the industry that left her behind. When Joe recalls how
big a star she once was, Norma insists "I am big - it's the pictures that got
small!".

She might be forgotten, but Norma has money, and penniless Joe soon becomes her
toy boy. She hires him to write a screenplay for her comeback vehicle, but it's
a pipe dream that will soon be cruelly exposed.

Wilder's production designs were wonderfully gothic, and in fact Sunset
Boulevard is part film noir, part horror movie. The writing is extraordinary: at
one point Gillis describes Norma as someone "still proudly waving to a parade
which has long since passed her by", and compares her to Miss Havisham, a
tragic, wasted woman who'd also been "given the go-by".

Sunset Boulevard is full of contempt for a place that may once have been vibrant
and magical but is now cruel, venal, merciless, cynical. Everyone in Hollywood
has an obsession with fame that almost amounts to a collective psychosis, and
even those who make it have no guarantee that they won't be cast on the scrap
heap like Norma. Wilder's film was so scathing that it offended many of the old
guard.

After a celebrity preview, MGM boss Louis B Mayer gave him a dressing down in
front of the great and good of Hollywood, telling him he had "disgraced the
industry that made and fed you" and should be "tarred and feathered" and run out
of town.

But Wilder stood his ground and told Mayer where to go. He knew he had not
merely attacked Hollywood: Slowly, the grotesque character of Norma Desmond took
shape he had accurately described it, and lamented what it had become.

The film is famous for its daring opening sequence in which, while a dead Gillis
floats face down in a swimming pool, his disembodied voice begins telling us his
sad story in flashback. Originally Wilder had opened Sunset Boulevard with a
group of corpses sitting around chatting in a morgue, but in test screenings,
audiences found this idea too broadly comic, so Wilder simplified it into
perhaps the single greatest opening scene of all time.

One tends to take Steven Spielberg's talents for granted, but his ability as a
cinematic storyteller is unparalleled, and his 2015 drama Bridge of Spies
deserved all the awards and praise it received. It's being shown on Sky Movies
Premiere all this week and, if you haven't seen it, it ought not be missed. It's
set during the Cold War, and based on the true story of an American lawyer who
had the courage to defend a Russian spy. James B Donovan (Tom Hanks) specialises
in insurance law and is not too pleased when his partners persuade him to take
on the case of Rudolf Abel (Mark Rylance), a Russian agent who's apprehended in
Brooklyn.

He develops some respect for Abel, who he recognises as a fellow patriot, but
becomes a hate figure when he mounts a credible defence. Though Abel is
convicted, Donovan manages to spare him the death penalty, and when a U-2 pilot
is captured by the Soviets after being shot down over Russian airspace, the
lawyer becomes involved in a tense prisoner exchange in Berlin. Spielberg
lovingly evokes the austere atmosphere of the late 1950s, and Tom Hanks and the
great Mark Rylance spark off each other brilliantly in a series of compelling
scenes.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Roman Polanski's 'Carnage': What the Critics Say

BYLINE: Sophie Schillaci

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 671  words


Early reviews have begun popping up on the Internet for Roman Polanski's
Carnage, which made its world premiere at the 68th annual Venice Film Festival.

PHOTOS: The Scene at Venice Film Festival 2011

The film, which features an ensemble cast of Jodie Foster, John C. Reilly, Kate
Winslet and Christoph Waltz, is an adaptation the Yasmina Reza's play, God of
Carnage. It is set to open the New York Film Festival on Sept. 30 and will hit
U.S. theaters nationwide on Dec. 16.

Carnage has received generally positive reviews thus far, with critics praising
Polanski's comedic drama, which features two sets of New York parents as they
attempt to engage in a civil meeting after their sons are involved in a brawl.

PHOTOS: 10 Films to Know at Venice Film Festival

The Hollywood Reporter's Todd McCarthy writes, "Roman Polanski has often been at
his best in close quarters -- the small yacht ofKnife in the Water, the Warsaw
ghetto of The Pianist, the house in The Ghost Writer, the apartments in
Repulsion, Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant -- so it should be no surprise that
he's right at home examining the venality of the human condition in the living
room of the Brooklyn apartment that serves as the setting for Carnage."

"Snappy, nasty, deftly acted and perhaps the fastest paced film ever directed by
a 78-year-old, this adaptation of Yasmina Reza's award-winning play God of
Carnage fully delivers the laughs and savagery of the stage piece while entirely
convincing as having been shot in New York, even though it was filmed in Paris
for well-known reasons," he continues, referring to the 1977 sexual abuse case
still looming over the director's head.

VENICE FILM REVIEW: Carnage

The film scores a C+ with IndieWire, though the reviewer notes, "It's been a
while since Polanski's done an out-and-out comedy (unless you count Pierce
Brosnan's performance in "The Ghost Writer"-oh, snap!), and the good news is
that "Carnage" is very, very funny. The play brought down houses around the
world, and the director and his cast hit every beat with expert timing; there
are moments here that rival anything we've seen in recent years for hilarity.
There's often a darkly funny undertone to Polanski's work, but this reinforces
that he's got a real knack for comedy, for perhaps the first time since
"Fearless Vampire Killers," and we hope he doesn't neglect that particular
muscle from here on out."

Lee Marshall of The London Evening Standardmakes reference to the film's
original roots, saying, "Little attempt is made to disguise the fact that this
is the film of a play. And the dramatic gears grind a little during certain
shifts of allegiance along couple and gender lines. But making the audience feel
claustrophobic is central to Carnage's method: we're penned in, unable to leave
this airless apartment with its collection of liberal gewgaws from component
hi-fi to African totems to real logs (presumably never used) stacked by the
marble fireplace."

STORY: Roman Polanski's 'Carnage' to Open New York Film Festival

"The film also celebrates an old-fashioned, underrated cinematic pleasure: the
chance to see an ensemble cast of fine actors sparring with each other, and at
the top of their game," he adds.

The Guardian's Xan Brooks also praises Polanski's work, while offering just a
touch of criticism.

"His direction is precise, unfussy and utterly fit for purpose, prowling the
four walls of an apartment that was entirely constructed on a Paris soundstage
and allowing the action to play out in real time, with no respite. If Carnage
has a flaw, it could be that Polanski's apparent sympathy for Alan at times
threatens to throw out the film's delicate, four-way balance. Arguably, it does
turn a shade too shrill - and therefore too obviously farcical - in the final
stretch, once the alcohol has been brought out and the mobile phone dumped in
the vase of water," he says. "That aside, the film barely puts a foot wrong. The
acting comes at full throttle while the pacing cranks up the tension in
agonizing, incremental degrees."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2011 VNU Business Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ban on ocean ships could clean up Great Lakes mess

BYLINE: By Eric Sharp - MCLATCHEY NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


Depending on which source you read, ocean-going ships that come into the Great
Lakes are worth about $300 million a year to the American economy.

The cost of cleaning up damage from zebra mussels that ocean-going ships
introduced to the Great Lakes is more than $1 billion a year.

That doesn't include the vast amounts of public and private money spent annually
to repair or ameliorate the damage caused by other exotic species that these
ships brought in, or that made their own way in through waterways created for
these ships, creatures that include fish like alewives and fish diseases like
viral hemorrhagic septicemia.

Federal and state governments have spent at least $500 million during the past
40 years trying to rehabilitate lake trout that were nearly wiped out by sea
lampreys.

No one knows how many millions more have been spent on projects to bring back
walleyes, perch, whitefish and other species decimated by competition from
exotics.

The answer to the problem is obvious -- ban all ocean-going ships from the Great
Lakes.

Some people say we need to come up with a system to clean out or sterilize the
ballast in the saltwater ships. But that depends on two things -- that all
shippers will be honest and that technology is foolproof.

Those are two iffy propositions, so why take the risk? If those ships don't come
into the lakes, they can't bring anything harmful in with them.

A few weeks ago, I read about a man who was caught bringing duck carcasses into
the United States illegally. Labeled as frozen fish, the ducks came from a part
of China that had an outbreak of the bird flu, and farmers there were supposed
to kill and burn them. Why did the importer do it? Probably because he was able
to buy the ducks for a fraction of what he normally would pay.

You could fill volumes with examples of venality or stupidity that cost lives,
money or threatened the public well-being. All it would take would be one error
or act of greed to allow the next terrible threat into the lakes.

If ocean-going ships never come in, they can't leave behind creatures that could
further mess up the Great Lakes environment.

Fiscal conservatives probably like this idea because it would create a new
American and Canadian industry to make the transition from the ocean-going
vessels to Great Lakes ships. In the long run, it would be less expensive and
safer to build a trans-shipment port on the lower St. Lawrence River than to
continue to allow the salties into the Great Lakes.

This would cost consumers a small amount when they buy items, but if you look at
what the exotics cost us now, and the threat of what they could cost us in the
future, we'd come out ahead in the long run.

We don't know what these ocean-going ships could bring in tomorrow, next month
or next year. In 1991 and 1992, oyster harvesting was shut down in Mobile Bay,
Ala., when oyster beds and oyster-eating fish were infected with cholera, a
disease that kills people.

Researchers traced the genetic fingerprint of the cholera bacteria to Colombia.
It most likely reached Alabama in the ballast of a ship.

While the threat of a deadly human disease coming into the lakes is low, the
threat of a deadly disease that could wipe out game fish is high. Just look at
viral hemorrhagic septicemia, a disease native to oceans that killed huge
numbers of sheepshead and perch in Lake Erie and a couple of thousand
muskellunge in Lake St. Clair last spring.

We're fortunate that it didn't have the same effect on salmon, bass and
walleyes, or that muskies weren't more susceptible. But the disease no doubt
reached the lake in the ballast of a ship from the oceans.

For 30 years, people, including me, have been holding meetings, attending
conferences and discussing how to solve the problem of exotic species introduced
to the lakes by ocean-going vessels. And for 30 years exotics have continued to
come in because the laws are ineffective and the proposed technical solutions
are ignored, don't work or get put off for future consideration.

The primary results of all the efforts have been to give an uninformed public
the false impression that things are improving and mask the truth -- that during
that same time, dozens more exotics have arrived, and the Great Lakes are still
a mess.

What we have been doing is window dressing, akin to trying to treat cancer with
painkillers and hopeful thoughts. There's no justification for that when a
foolproof cure is obvious and easily accomplished.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 7, 1997, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Hiaasen satirizes for Xmas

BYLINE: BARRY NELSON, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 280 words


God has blessed us one and all because, just in time to shop for the sickest
cynics on your yuletide list, here's the latest novel from America's premiere
social satirist.

A seasonally fitting religious theme marks Carl Hiaasen's Lucky You, the
romantic tale of a black veterinary assistant and a white hack journalist.

This tale of contemporary Christian pilgrims does for modern American culture
what Chaucer's Canterbury Tales did for medieval England.

Hiaasen's Canterbury is Grange, Florida, a town where a fibreglass Madonna weeps
bloody tears and an enterprising businessman pays the kid at the muffler shop to
drill holes in his feet so he'll have more phony stigmata to show tourists.

The scam artist who owns and operates the weeping Madonna shrine doesn't see
much moral difference between his business and Disneyland.

"I'd rather peddle religion than a phoney goddamn rodent," he likes to say.

He's one of the good guys. Hiaasen's bad guys are very bad, indeed. These are
the low-life scum who give low-life scum a bad name.

A wildlife poacher and a handicapped parking sticker forger who team up to form
a demented underground militia, they are linked by a common contempt for
government, taxes, homosexuals, immigrants, minorities, gun laws, assertive
women and hard work.

From beginning to end, Lucky You is pure hilarity. Hiaasen, a columnist for the
Miami Herald who has delivered six previous novelistic gems that wring floods of
laughter out of human venality, has scored again. And just in time for
Christmas, too.

(Nelson writes a business column for the Herald.)

- Lucky You, by Carl Hiaasen (Knopf, 353 pages, $ 33.50).


LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Author and journalist Carl Hiaasen

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 16, 1998, Sunday,

SATIRE IS FUNNY BUT TOO SLOPPY

SECTION: AUDIENCE, Pg. 7E

LENGTH: 429 words


As they promised, Stone Pinhead Ensemble's newest production, ''Harold B. Thy
Name,'' playing at the Oak Street Theater, is indeed offensive but not for the
reasons they proffer.

It's not what the show says, but rather the sloppy way it says it. Even on the
second night there were too many lines and music cues dropped, with the show
lumbering in at just under three hours, including intermission.

The premise is a good one, a behind-the-scenes look at the sometimes-rumored
murder of Pope John Paul I, here called Father Poon (grab a Sinatra or JFK bio
if you don't know what it means). Author/Director J.T. Nichols is a clever
writer and Charles R. Brown Jr. a versatile and talented composer.

There are wonderful bits and performers, too, that give us a glimpse of what
this show could be. Doubling as both an old pope and a young altar boy, Bob Way
is a poor man's Wallace Shawn.

Brent Askari goofs it up beautifully as a Polish cardinal, the ''he-man'' who
wants the popeship for himself. Mike Levine, with his red hair and brogue,
delivers a funny Irish cardinal. As two Vatican insiders, Christine Marshall and
Brian Shorey represent the Catholic church's alleged venality and Mob ties.

Keith Shortall is Father Jackieboy, another play on words best unexplained here.
Shortall's dead-on Sinatra impression is among the show's highlights,
particularly when he teams with Rick Solomon as Elvis in a spoof of that
oft-televised clip from Sinatra's television show.

Solomon, by the way, manages to create a whole bag of characters without
removing his emcee-from-Cabaret makeup.

Susan Sawyer, Joyce Nichols and Pam Merritt are a wonderful trio whose numbers
sound like they were cut from ''Nunsense.''

Bob Colby, as the reluctant new pope, holds things together when he's onstage.
It's too bad more of the performers can't follow his lead and learn their lines.

Any play that calls the Catholic Church ''the most feared of all the Jesus
cults'' has a lot to offer in the world of satire.

Trimming this show by 1/3 of its songs and characters would bring it into range.
So would another two or three rehearsals, because the show itself is one of
Nichols' more sophisticated, less scatological efforts and might have a future.

In this ''South Park'' and tabloid era, what he writes isn't anything that
hasn't already slammed the Catholic Church in the news: lurid tales of altar
boys and priests, celibacy versus self-abuse, money laundering, women's roles.

It's not a question of cleaning up the script; just cleaning up their acting
out.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Cathy Nelson Price writes about theater for the Portland Press Herald
and Maine Sunday Telegram. CSI version

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              745 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             April 23, 2007, Monday
                                 Mersey Edition

Shattering, sizzling, angst-ridden night;
THEATRE Suddenly Last Summer/ Clwyd Theatr Cymru, Mold

BYLINE: LEW BAXTER Daily Post Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 399 words


THERE are apparently those more beguiled by theatrical candy floss that consider
the angst-ridden polemics of Tennessee Williams a tad too grisly to digest. Yet
rarely do his works fail on their own merits or storylines; usually those
occasions fall to an underwhelming performance or indifferent direction.

This latest production of a Williams play demonstrates just how insightful the
directing and acting teams are in Mold when tackling the emotional trauma
trawled up by the Mississippi-born playwright.

Liverpool-born director Philip Breen - who last year tucked into a terrific
version of Pinter's The Birthday Party - takes a likewise firm grasp of dialogue
that gradually builds to a crescendo of frenzied banter, shattering any languor
that may have settled over the audience.

This is largely an autobiographical tale about Williams's sister Rose who was
institutionalised and suffered a pre-frontal lobotomy. It is in many ways his
guilt trip and is, therefore, not sprinkled with light-hearted banter but a
focus on a family emotionally ripping itself to shreds.

Setting the scene in an energy-sapping humid New Orleans summer was a task
designer Colin Richmond clearly relished, and we are transported back in time
and place to the garden terrace of an elegant villa enveloped in rank and damp
foliage.

The seven-strong cast - all with hugely respectable pedigrees in stage and TV -
engage as though their own very lives are being acted out, another example of
how and why this Welsh jewel can draw audiences from far and wide.

Hildegard Neil, as the matriarchal Mrs Violet Venable, has injected that haughty
and authoritarian style that epitomises the grand belle dames of America's
southern states which launches this disturbing expose of human frailties and
venalities. It is, though, the appearance and performance of Siwan Morris as the
tortured soul Catherine Holly - incarcerated in a mental home for suggesting
homosexual characteristics about Mrs Venable's late son, Sebastian - that
catapults this production onto a higher plain. The frenzied verbal violence
between Mrs Venable and her niece, as she relates Sebastian's bizarre death by
cannibalism, is simply sizzling and the core of this play, yet matched for
passion by Daniel Llewelyn-Williams as her brother, George, desperate to secure
a share of his cousin's estate, and Sian Howard as their simpering mother.
Awesome stuff.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Catherine Holly, played by Siwan Morris, and the doctor, played by
Steffan Rhodri, in Suddenly Last Summer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       July 28, 2015 Tuesday 12:30 PM GMT

When it comes to corruption, Britain really should shut up;
David Cameron's sudden passion for transparency comes after five years of
buy-to-leave property purchasing, lobbying and a visit to Kazakhstan's dictator

BYLINE: Simon Jenkins

SECTION: COMMENT IS FREE

LENGTH: 489 words


David Cameron thinks corruption is a bad thing and wishes Britain to set a
global example of virtue. He is worried that his capital city, London, might
become "a safe haven for corrupt money from around the world", indeed for
"plundered and laundered cash". According to Transparency International, a tenth
of the properties in Westminster alone are now owned offshore and anonymously.
Streets and apartment blocks across the West End, Kensington and Chelsea are
lying empty and silent. It is obscene.

Related: David Cameron vows to fight against 'dirty money' in UK property market

Cameron's concern is strangely tardy. Some have been screaming about "
buy-to-leave " for years. They have been protesting against ludicrously low
property taxes and the permitting of towers blatantly aimed at foreign money
littering the Thames bank, towers that will stand as lasting totems of the
Cameron era. Indulging money-laundering property purchase - coded as "inward
investment" - has been government policy under the chancellor, George Osborne,
and the London mayor, Boris Johnson.

As for corruption, Britain really should shut up. Why did the prime minister pay
a sudden visit two years ago to the ostracised dictator of Kazakhstan, who
showered him with gratitude and praise? Kazakhstan holds the Olympic gold for
corruption, with its former police chief being linked to the ownership of
£147m-worth of London properties. The visit was reportedly organised by Tony
Blair under a £24m reputation-laundering "contract" with the Kazakh ruler. What
did Cameron think he was doing in such company?

The truth is that hypocrisy is the occupational disease of British leaders

The truth is that hypocrisy is the occupational disease of British leaders. They
lecture Africans and Asians on the venality of their politics, while blatantly
selling seats in their own parliament for cash. I hope some insulted autocrat
one day asks a British leader how much his party has garnered from auctioning
honours. The government suppresses any inquiry into corrupt arms contracts to
the Middle East. And when does lobbying stop and corruption start? The Cameron
government is the most susceptible to lobbying of any in history.

As for London property, the promised transparency may yield a fund of wisdom,
but it will not stop the sales. That requires a determined programme of
regulation. If rural councils can restrict house sales to local people, so can
London. If other cities can curb foreign buying-to-leave, so can London. If New
York co-ops can restrict ownership to occupiers or renters, so can London. A
London property left unused for a year should simply be sold or let. And it
should be properly taxed. This is not about being left or right. It is about a
civilised city proofed against corruption.

All such measures were available to Cameron five years ago. He did nothing. They
are still available. I suspect he will do nothing but make another speech.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Oxford Times

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Parky at the Pictures (DVD 22/5/2014)

BYLINE: Parky at the Pictures

SECTION: BLOGS

LENGTH: 3740 words


It's back to the Golden Age of Hollywood for this week's DVD selection. However,
one title is of a more recent vintage, as it harks back to the Swinging Sixties
and boasts a soundtrack by a much lamented former resident of Henley-on-Thames.

BOOMERANG (1947).

Screenwriter Richard Murphy earned an Oscar nomination for this reworking of a
1924 murder case that shocked Bridgeport, Connecticut. True to form, producer
Louis de Rochemont and director Elia Kazan opted to shoot on actual locations
and the resulting thriller is all the more effective for its eerie authenticity.
A flashback shortly after the Main Street shooting suggests that Protestant
pastor Wyrley Birch was killed by an assistant whose peccadilloes were about to
be exposed. But police chief Lee J. Cobb and crooked politician Ed Begley are
happy for drifter war hero Arthur Kennedy to take the rap, even though
prosecutor Dana Andrews knows he couldn't have committed the crime because the
firing pin on his gun doesn't work. The problem Andrews faces, however, is that
councillor wife Jane Wyatt loaned money to Begley to buy some land that has
since depreciated in value and he threatens to accuse her of graft if Andrews
botches the case and Begley's party fails to win the upcoming election that
would give him the power to buy the land for public use at an inflated price.

Shooting in inky monochrome, Norbert Brodine reduces a respectable town to a den
of venality and violence, while voice of God narrator Reed Hadley reinforces the
oppressive mood with his insights into the townsfolk and their motives. Driving
the campaign for a quick conviction is reporter Sam Levene, whose taunting
pieces in The Record turn a desperate act into a political scandal. As is often
the case in noirish dramas, the villains are much more memorable than the
heroes, with Begley fulminating with furious self-entitlement whenever anybody
crosses him. Nevertheless, Andrews is typically upstanding as the man of
conscience, while Cobb (who would find himself on a jury with Begley in Sidney
Lumet's 12 Angry Men, 1957) is splendidly bullish as the lawman more interested
in an easy life than seeing justice done.

CASBAH (1938).

Also known as Algiers, this is not to be confused with the 1948 John Berry
musical Casbah, which starred Tony Martin and Yvonne De Carlo in another
reworking of Julien Duvivier's masterly poetic realist adaptation of Henri La
Barthe's novel, Pépé le Moko (1937). In John Cromwell's version, Charles Boyer
assumes the role of the notorious jewel thief originated by the peerless Jean
Gabin and he is well served by a screenplay written by John Howard Lawson and
spiced up by pulp novelist James M. Cain, which not only captures the flavour of
the eponymous Algerian enclave, but also the skein of intrigue and suspense that
is cast around Boyer when French cop Paul Harvey arrives to pressurise local
inspector Joseph Calleia into luring him into a trap. Rival lowlife Gene
Lockhart is also keen to get Boyer out of the way and inflames the passions of
his gypsy girlfriend, Sigrid Gurie, by making sure she knows all about Boyer's
infatuation with tourist Hedy Lamarr, who makes plans for him to escape with her
by steamboat

Joshed in its time because impressionists couldn't resist mimicking Boyer's
accent as he urged Lamarr to `come with me to the Casbah', this falls a long way
short of the French classic, even though it makes shameless use of its
uncredited footage. Boyer is too urbane to match Gabin's feral magnestism, while
Austrian actress Hedy Lamarr is a little stiff on her Hollywood debut, five
years after thrilling the world with her naked dash (as Hedy Kiesler) through
the trees in Czech director Gustav Machatý's infidelity saga, Ecstasy (1933).
But James Wong Howe's monochrome coverage of Alexander Toluboff's bustling sets
is first rate, while Joseph Calleia admirably anticipates the kind of divided
loyalties that Claude Rains would experience in Michael Curtiz's Casablanca
(1942).

FORT ALGIERS (1953).

Poverty Row stalwart Lesley Selander ditched the sagebrush for the desert in
this action B, which is primarily of interest for its intimation that the
oppressed Arabs of North Africa could always rely on their true friends from the
United States. Algeria was still a French colony when the picture was produced,
but the notion that a square-jawed Yank could prevent precious oil reserves from
falling into the hands of a dictatorial emir will strike a discordant note with
those who considered petroleum rather than democracy and global security to be
the prime reason for Operation Iraqi Freedom.

Almost betrayed by old flame Carlos Thompson, French agent Yvonne De Carlo
infiltrates the circle of Maghrebi chieftain Raymond Burr in a bid to discover
who ordered the attack that led to the death of her legionnaire brother. Having
been dismissed from the US Signals Corps for striking a superior, Thompson has
gone to Africa to forget. But he and buddy Leif Erickson soon find themselves
acting as go-betweens for De Carlo and General Charles Evans, as she tries to
smuggle out plans of Burr's palace before a daring raid. However, Burr finds the
recording device that had enabled De Carlo to rumble his scheme to seize foreign
oil wells and she is grateful for Thompson's timely intervention. But they still
have to fight a desperate rearguard at the oil field before Burr and his
marauding minions can be confounded and Thompson and De Carlo can kiss after she
is made a knight of the Legion of Honour.

This is a rather obnoxious piece of propaganda, whose patronising depiction of
the Arabs and their culture is highly resistible. Yet it boasts talents like
John F. Seitz behind the camera and Boris Leven in the production department,
while De Carlo (who remains best known today for playing Lily Munster) makes a
spirited heroine who initially resists doing the bidding of the French
imperialists. It eschews a few Beau Geste stereotypes, but this has not worn
well.

LULU BELLE (1948).

Producer David Belasco stunned the Great White Way in 1926 with Charles
MacArthur and Edward Sheldon's play about a mulatto jezebel who lured men into
her orbit. However, the Production Code ensured that the sting had been safely
drawn before Leslie Fenton started shooting Everett Freeman's highly sanitised
screen version. Taking a break from the Road movies with Bob Hope and Bing
Crosby, Dorothy Lamour tries hard to prove there was more in her locker than
sarongs as a turn-of-the-century chateuse whose attempted murder in her Broadway
dressing-room leads to ex-husband George Montgomery telling their story to cop
Addison Richards. It's a tangled tale that begins when a budding lawyer allows
his career to go off the rails when he sees Lamour sing at a saloon in Natchez,
Mississippi. However, she ditches him when his money runs out and has flings
with New Orleans gambler Albert Dekker and prizefighter Greg McLure before
railroad magnate Otto Kruger promises to make her a star in New York.

Suspected of shooting Lamout and Kruger because he had done time for drunkenly
stabbing McLure in the eye with a fork, Montgomery turns out to be the forgiving
type and it doesn't take a genius to identify the real culprit. But there is
much melodrama to be ploughed through before the truth emerges. Lamour sings a
couple of numbers with her customary sultry ease, while Montgomery (an ex-boxer
whose housekeeper, ironically, would try to shoot him in a crime of passion in
1963) makes a decent stooge. Glenda Farrell and Charlotte Wynters show well as
Lamour's best pal and Kruger's starchy wife, while the underrated Dekker is
suitably hissable as the tough guy. But, despite the proficiency of Ernest
Laszlo's photography and Duncan Cramer's sets, Fenton directs with little
pizzazz, while the busy scenario leaves too little room for much character
development.

RED RIVER (1948).

Rightly hailed as one of the genre's finest, Howard Hawks's Western was adapted
from a Borden Chase story that was serialised in the Saturday Evening Post.
Chase co-scripts with Charles Schnee, but this fictional account of the first
cattle drive from Texas to Kansas along the Chisholm Trail bears all the
hallmarks of Hawks's gritty studies of tough men doing whatever it takes to
complete a job. The action opens with aspiring rancher John Wayne and trail hand
Walter Brennan striking west from St Louis and finding orphan Mickey Huhn
shortly after learning that Wayne's sweetheart, Coleen Gray, has been killed in
a tribal raid. The boy is the sole survivor of the same attack and Wayne adopts
him and teaches him ranching after seizing some land near the Rio Grande.

Fourteen years later, Wayne, Brennan and the now-grown Montgomery Clift set out
for Missouri to sell 9000 head of cattle. Wayne hires gunslinger John Ireland as
back-up and they survive stampedes, dwindling supplies and an attempted lynching
before Clift rebels against Wayne's tyranny and links up with the railroad at
Abilene. Soon after ditching Wayne, Clift meets Joanne Dru and gives her a
bracelet that had belonged to Wayne's mother. He spots this on her wrist when he
encounters Dru and she offers to bear Wayne a cherished son if he abandons his
quest to kill Clift. But he is too pig-headed to recognise his folly and it
takes a furious punch-up and a couple of wild shots before peace is restored.

In its bare outline, the plot sounds risibly melodramatic. But such is Hawks's
mastery of the medium that this slips effortlessly between macho adventure,
folksy comedy and Greek tragedy. Allowing their contrasting styles to inform
their feud, Wayne and Clift are superb and Duke's regular director John Ford was
reportedly flabbergasted that he was such a good actor. Ireland and Brennan
provide excellent support, but Dru is less impressive, although the fault is as
much Chase and Schnee's as hers, as her dialogue rings hollow and the cosiness
of the denouement is hugely disappointing. But Russell Harlan's crisp monochrome
vistas are quite exemplary, as they contrast the majesty of the uncompromising
terrain and the gruelling nature of both the cattle drive and the pioneering
life in the period 1851-66. Clift would revisit many of the same themes
alongside Clark Gable and Marilyn Monroe in John Huston's The Misfits (1961).
But this is more essential to the genre, as it showed that the West no longer
had a place for thugs who murdered Native Americans and Mexicans in the name of
the Manifest Destiny.

THE SON OF MONTE CRISTO (1940).

Filmed on sets used to make James Whale's The Man in the Iron Mask (1939), this
owes much less to Jules Lermina's 1881 novel than the ongoing situation in
war-torn Europe. However, plenty of swashbuckling staples lifted from the likes
of John Cromwell's The Prisoner of Zenda (1937) and Rouben Mamoulian's The Mark
of Zorro (1940) recur here, as Louis Hayward assumes the role of Edmond Dantès,
Jr., who risks all by riding into the Grand Duchy of Lichtenburg in order to
rescue the Grand Duchess Zona (Joan Bennett), who has been ousted from the
throne by General Gurko Lanen (George Sanders), who has imprisoned Prime
Minister Baron Von Neuhoff (Montagu Love) and used a troop of loyal Hussars to
prevent Zona from making contact with Napoleon III of France. Posing as a
banker, Dantès doubles up as a masked freedom fighter known only as The Torch,
who vows to prevent Lanen from legitimising his tyranny by marrying Zona and
conducting a secret defence pact with Russia.

The latter is the clearest clue that this is an anti-Nazi allegory. But the
studios were fully aware that Isolationist America couldn't be seen to be too
antipathetic towards the Axis and the 1860s setting just about keeps this in the
realms of fantasy. John DuCasse Schulze and Edward G. Boyle's Oscar-nominated
Mitteleuropean production design and Edward P. Lambert's costumes belie the
paucity of producer Edward Small's budget, while Rowland V. Lee directs with
brio and a feel for the material honed in guiding Robert Donat and Walter Abel
respectively through The Count of Monte Cristo (1934) and The Three Musketeers
(1935). Returning from Whale's picture, the lightweight Hayward is easily
upstaged by the ever-suave Sanders and Lionel Royce as his dastardly sidekick.
But this still rattles along satisfyingly to its inevitable conclusion.

A TIME TO LOVE AND A TIME TO DIE (1958).

A degree of confusion surrounds Dietlef Sierck's flight from Germany. Actress
wife Hilde Jary asserted in a TV interview that the couple had left Berlin on
Christmas Eve in 1936. But Sierck only had his passport returned the following
spring, when Minister of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda Joseph Goebbels
sanctioned a trip to Tenerife to make La Habanera, in the hope that it would
provide the same sort of populist entertainment as  Zu Neuen Ufern (1937),
Sierck's first collaboration with Swedish nightingale, Zarah Leander. However,
with Sierck's ex-wife, Lydia Brinken, denouncing Jary as Jewish, the pair wisely
decided to slip away to Italy, where Sierck was supposed to be scouting
locations for his next venture, Wiltons Zoo. After detours to France and the
Netherlands, Sierck was invited to the United States by Warner Bros. to remake
Zu Neuen Ufern. Nothing came of the project, however, and Sierck, who steered
clear of the other German émigrés in Hollywood because of what he perceived to
be their contempt for all things American, was reduced to running a chicken farm
in Southern California. Eventually, he rebranded himself as Douglas Sirk and
began to rebuild his career with Hitler's Madman (1943), a worthy attempt to
alert US audiences to Nazi barbarity by re-enacting the reprisal massacre that
occurred in the Czech town of Lidice following the assassination of acting
Reichsprotektor Reinhard Heydrich in June 1942.

This would be Sirk's only film about the war for 15 years, however, as he proved
himself to be a jack of all directorial trades and a master of the opulent
melodrama. But in 1958, with his sight failing and his tenure at Universal
Studios looking increasingly uncertain, he decided to go home to make A Time to
Love and a Time to Die, which followed disillusioned Wehrmacht trooper John
Gavin on a long-overdue furlough after two years of fighting a losing battle
against the Red Army. Crushed to discover that his parents' home has been
levelled in an air raid, Gavin becomes enamoured of doctor's daughter Liselotte
Pulver, who provides a haven away from the dismaying discovery that college
tutor Erich Maria Remarque has been reduced to living in a hovel (where he
shelters Jewish refugees) and that classmate Thayer David is now an important
Nazi henchman, who throws all-night orgies for sadistic concentration camp
chief, Kurt Meisel.

Sirk's motives for returning to Berlin seem as scrambled as those for his flight
21 years earlier. The Russian Front setting of Remarque's source novel clearly
had a personal significance, as Klaus Detlef Sierck (the son who had acted in
several pro-Party pictures) had been killed in the Ukraine in 1944. However, it
was never entirely certain whether Orin Jannings's screenplay was a plea for the
victors to understand the suffering endured by the vanquished during the last
days of the conflict or whether the killing of the Good German by a vengeful
Communist guerilla was intended to be Cold War propaganda. Regardless of its
objectives, this touching study of the brevity of happiness was hailed as a
masterpiece by Jean-Luc Godard in an effusive Cahiers du Cinéma review that
launched the Sirkian cult that still attracts copious devotees. However, German
audiences deeply resented a fugitive recreating their misery, while the film was
banned in both Israel and the Soviet Union. It was somewhat fitting, therefore,
that when Sirk quit the States in 1959, he settled in Switzerland - which had,
of course, remained neutral during the war.

A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN (1945).

Both James Dunn and Peggy Ann Garner received Academy Awards for their
performances in Elia Kazan's adaptation of Betty Smith's bestselling saga of a
struggling family in the Williamsburg neighbourhood of Brooklyn in the early
1900s. However, thanks to the debuting Kazan's careful nurturing, the pair were
as close off screen as they were as the bibulous singing waiter and his adoring
teenage daughter. An Irish charmer whose love for his family was matched only by
his fondness for a tipple, Dunn is an unreliable breadwinner and wife Dorothy
McGuire has to scrub the steps of their tenement building to make the rent. She
also has to raise Garner and younger brother Ted Donaldson pretty much on her
own, as Dunn is either out working or recovering from another night on the
tiles. Moreover, she gets little assistance from her free-spirited sister, Joan
Blondell, who has just married milkman John Alexander without bothering to
secure a divorce from her long-absent second spouse.

While McGuire constantly reminds Garner of life's responsibilities, Dunn
encourages her to be a dreamer. He tells her in magical detail about each swanky
function he works and teaches her about simple pleasures like the tree in their
courtyard, which he promises will flourish again, despite a severe pruning. Most
importantly, Dunn supports Garner's wish to transfer to a better school so she
can fulfil her ambition to become a writer and, despite ill health, he goes out
in the depths of winter to find employment so that she doesn't have to take a
menial job at James Gleason's bar.

Garner takes some time to recover from Dunn's death and it's only when she finds
the graduation flowers on her desk (which Blondell had bought with money that
Dunn had given her) that she finally succumbs to her emotions. Indeed, it's this
acknowledgement of Dunn's contention that everything has its season that also
enables her to acquiesce in McGuire's new relationship with genial cop, Lloyd
Nolan. Yet no matter how touching the make-up scenes are between McGuire and
both Garner and Blondell (after each woman has a baby), it's Garner's
heart-to-heart talks with Dunn and the look of trust in her eyes as she listens
to him sing that make this such an affecting picture.

Having teamed with Shirley Temple in Baby Take a Bow, Stand Up and Cheer! and
Bright Eyes (all 1934), Dunn knew exactly how to steal scenes while still
allowing the spotlight to remain on his juvenile co-star. However, Kazan did
much behind the scenes to strengthen Dunn's protective attitude towards Garner
by telling him how much she worried about her father, William, who was fighting
overseas in the US Army. Indeed, Garner was so close to the English-born
attorney that she went to court after her parents divorced in 1947 to have him
made her legal guardian in preference to her mother, Virginia, who had taken her
from Ohio to Hollywood in the hope of finding fame.

VIOLENT SATURDAY (1955).

Don't let Charles G. Clarke's lush widescreen colour imagery fool you, as this
adaptation of William L. Heath's Cosmopolitan story is a pitch dark film noir.
The Hollywood studio system may not have been perfect, but it's hard to imagine
anyone behind the Iron Curtain at this stage of the Cold War being allowed to
produce such a lacerating exposé of small-town foible. Bank manager Tommy Noonan
stalks nurse Virginia Leith, who has a crush on copper mine owner Richard Egan,
who is drinking heavily because wife Margaret Hayes is cuckolding him with
country club stud, Brad Dexter. Even prim librarian Sylvia Sidney steals purses
to pay off her bank debt, while mine supervisor Victor Mature has to cope with
10 year-old son Billy Chapin asking why he isn't a war hero like his best
friend's dad.

But this is just the background, as the real action starts when Stephen McNally,
J. Carroll Naish and Lee Marvin arrive in Bradenville, Arizona in the guise of
travelling salesman in order to case the bank for a Saturday closing raid.
Director Richard Fleischer paints the scene with deft assurance and tempers the
more melodramatic aspects of Sydney Boehm's scenario. Moreover, he makes fine
use of long takes to establish the pace of life before employing more rapid
cutting during the heist and the climactic shootout on the farm of Amish
outsider Ernest Borgnine, who abnegates his pacifism to thrust a pitchfork into
the raging Marvin's back. The performances are uniformly solid, but Marvin
excels as the inhaler-sniffing psycho, who is mean to kids and yet still crushed
by the break-up of his marriage. An undervalued gem.

WONDERWALL (1968).

Joe Massot's debut feature would have been forgotten entirely had George
Harrison not composed the score. Harrison was following the lead given two years
earlier by fellow Beatle Paul McCartney, who had teamed with George Martin to
produce a brass band and strings soundtrack for Roy Boulting's The Family Way.
But the influence of Ravi Shankar is very much in evidence in sitar and guitar
compositions that demonstrated how far Harrison was diverging from the Fab Four
and it's interesting to note how much more experimental he would become with his
second solo project, Electronic Sound (1969).

Based on an idea by Roman Polanski's trusted cohort Gérard Brach, the screenplay
by Guillermo Cabrera Infante centres on absent-minded scientist Jack MacGowran,
whose studies are interrupted late one night by rock music coming from the
neighbouring flat. On peering through a hole in the wall, he spots the elfin
Jane Birkin posing provocatively for photographer boyfriend Iain Quarrier and,
in spite of the scolding of cleaning lady Irene Handl and lab assistant Richard
Wattis, MacGowran loses interest in anything but the enticing newcomer.

Trendily designed by Assheton Gorton and photographed with a myriad of coloured
lights and filters by the great Harry Waxman, the action veers off into
delightful flights of fancy, in which MacGowran battles with Quarrier using
outsize props. However, fun though the psychedelia is, it might have been nice
to give the characters a little more to say, as the picture winds up feeling
like a grandiose promo for the Harrison music that would eventually inspire an
Oasis hit. Nevertheless, Massot (whose other claim to fame is being removed from
the Led Zepplin rockumentary, The Song Remains the Same, 1976) slyly conveys the
notion that, for the majority of people, the Swinging Sixties happened to
someone else while they got on with their mundane, but perfectly acceptable
lives.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                               February 22, 2004

Review: Books: PAPERBACK OF THE WEEK by Robert Colvile

SECTION: Observer Review Pages, Pg. 18

LENGTH: 370 words


THE GANGS OF NEW ORLEANS

Herbert Asbury

Arrow £7.99, pp478

When Mary Jane Bricktop Jackson, prostitute, pickpocket and brawler, stabbed her
husband to death after an argument involving a chain, a whip, and, finally, a
knife, the New Orleans Picayune declared that both were degraded beings, regular
penitentiary birds, habitual drunkards and unworthy of any further notice from
honest people, precisely the types, then, to interest Herbert Asbury.

In his classic studies of the early American underworld, Asbury has reclaimed
history for these 'degraded beings', reminding us that corruption and violence
are just as American as industry and prosperity. Following the success of The
Gangs of New York , Arrow has now reissued his 1936 history of New Orleans under
the Gangs brand.

This is not, however, a story of organised crime (in spite of the cover picture
of mobsters with machine guns). Asbury's is an age of knives, clubs and mobs, of
cheating riverboat gamblers and calculating voodoo queens. In New Orleans, he
may have found his per fect subject. It was the first American city to establish
a red-light district, and as early as the 1710s, the French governor had
declared: 'If I send away all the loose females, there will be no women left
here at all'.

These whores join a rich cast of freebooters, gamblers and politicians. Annie
Christmas, queen of the river, stands 6ft 8in and nurtures a 'small but
carefully trimmed moustache'. Her male counterpart is so strong he shakes the
sycamores with his bellows. John Murrel, an early Moriarty, plots revolution
across the South. Lovers of Fanny Sweet, brothel keeper and occasional spy,
suffer Borgia-style congestive chills.

Asbury's main concern is for the story, not the facts, and the book is all the
better for it. A particular delight is the vocabulary, finding the origins for
words such as carpetbagger, bushwhacked and even jazz (derived from the Razzy
Dazzy Spasm Band, apparently). This is a gargantuan compendium of wickedness, a
world of glamour and venality that is as romantic as it is alien. Asbury has not
only documented the villains and rogues of New Orleans, he has brought them
triumphantly back to life.


LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                       © 2004 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              749 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Oxford Times

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday

Parky at the Pictures (DVD 24/9/2009)

BYLINE: Parky at the Pictures

SECTION: PARKY AT THE PICTURES

LENGTH: 3237 words


Even though we're only at the start of the party conference season, it's pretty
clear that election fever is already in the air. The release of Joshua Michael
Stern's Swing Vote, therefore, couldn't be more fortuitously timed. Shamelessly
invoking the civics lessons that earned Frank Capra a clutch of Oscars at the
height of America's last economic meltdown, this belies its frankly implausible
premise to present a smart insight into the perils of political apathy in what's
supposed to be the world's showcase democracy.

Fiftysomething slacker Kevin Costner is too busy to cast his vote, so 12
year-old daugher Madeline Carroll does it for him. But while the polling machine
acknowledges his vote, it fails to register which candidate was actually
selected and when the entire contest between Republican incumbent Kelsey Grammer
and Democratic challenger Dennis Hopper comes down to Costner's verdict, the
entire political circus descends upon Texico, New Mexico to sway his opinion.

With Nathan Lane and Stanley Tucci stealing scenes as the rival spin doctors,
this is a wry satire that's as much interested in Costner's relationship with
the precocious Carroll as it is in exposing the perfidy of the American system
of government. However, the swipes at Washington and the media are mostly
well-directed and the underrated Costner once again succeeds in showing why he
was such an affable superstar some two decades ago.

Contrasting starkly with Stern's gentle wit is the abrasive parodic approach
employed by Armando Iannucci for In the Loop, in which he suggests how easily
cynical careerists could turn a potential global crisis to their advantage
simply to curry favour with their masters. Yet in seeking to expose the extent
to which a democracy depends on decisions made by non-elected officials, the
film overplays its hand. Many in high office are driven by vanity and venality,
and Iannucci is right to castigate their corruption and connivance. But he also
ridicules principle and seems to deny the existence of conviction and, thus, he
errs more towards Whitehall farce than Spitting Image.

Nevertheless, this is still a coruscating comedy, whose narrative has a
terrifying logic, while the one-liners zing with obscene ferocity - although the
throwaway remarks often amuse more than the more obviously handcrafted tantrums
and insults. The same is true of the performances, with lower key turns like Tom
Hollander's hapless minister and Gina McKee's detached wonk feeling less
caricatured than Chris Addison's overwhelmed underling and Peter Capaldi's
gloriously grandstanding PR pitbull. Similarly, the American cast is all the
more effective for adopting the tone of a Christopher Guest mockumentary rather
than something more savagely Chris Morris. James Gandolfini lacks conviction as
the deskbound general keen to avoid conflict, but Mimi Kennedy impresses as the
diplomatic dove countering hawkish senator David Rasche, whose climactic
alliance with Capaldi sees aide Anna Chlumsky's pacifist position paper
transformed into a justification for invasion.

The ease with which ideas can be misappropriated is also the subject of Marc
Abraham's Flash of Genius, a biopic of Robert Kearns, who invented the
intermittent windscreen wiper in the 1960s and then had his patent stolen by
America's automotive giants. With Greg Kinnear investing the role with the same
corrupted sense of everyman decency he brought to Paul Schrader's Auto Focus
(2002), this aims to be as momentous as Francis Ford Coppola's Tucker: The Man
and His Dream (1988), but winds up feeling like an upmarket teleplay.

Unable to convince anyone that Detroit has pilfered his concept, Kinnear risks
his happy marriage to Lauren Graham to secure justice. But it's only when
smooth-operating lawyer Alan Alda offers to represent him that he begins to make
any headway. However, Kinnear is not interested in out of court settlements and
he battles on into the 1990s, eventually acting as his own counsel, to make Ford
and Chrysler pay their dues.

Kinnear works hard to make us care about his cause. But he's no Gary Cooper or
James Stewart. Moreover, Abraham is no Frank Capra and in seeking to make his
underdog saga as heart-warming and tear-jerking as possible, he too often strays
from the facts, particularly where Kearns's relationship with his wife Phyllis
and his six children is concerned.

Dennis Lee stumbles over similar hurdles in making his semi-autobiographical
debut, Fireflies in the Garden. Flashing back and forth between time frames, Lee
quickly loses control of his maudlin material, whose title derives from a poem
by Robert Frost. Despite a stellar cast, this again feels like something made
for television rather than the big screen, with Robert Pearson's production
design and Danny Moder's cinematography being particularly lacklustre.

Returning to the Midwest to celebrate mother Julia Roberts's mature graduation
from college, failing novelist Ryan Reynolds arrives to find that she has been
killed in a car crash and the celebration is instantly transformed into a wake.
Already dreading a confrontation with short-fused father Willem Dafoe, Reynolds
seeks solace in younger sister Shannon Lucio and favourite aunt, Emily Watson.
But his mind keeps drifting back to the endless dysfunction that scarred his
childhood.

With Caydon Boyd and Hayden Panetierre bearing little resemblance to the
Reynolds and Watson in the flashback sequences, this is as visually imprecise as
it's structurally cumbersome. The tonal lurches between Ordinary People (1980)
and The Big Chill (1983) are also hugely unconvincing. But the real weakness
here is the characterisation that allows Dafoe to gorge on the scenery as an
identikit monstrous father, Carrie-Anne Moss to wallow in self-pity as
Reynolds's recovering alchoholic wife and Reynolds to play the tortured artist
whose break away from romantic pulp depends upon the publication of his latest
opus, a memoir of parental abuse.

Another all-star cast finds itself even further out to sea in Rowan Woods's
Fragments, in which the crash of Paul Haggis's 2004 Oscar winner reverberates
much more loudly than the gunshot that shatters the lives of the customers and
staff at a Los Angeles diner. Working from his own novel, Winged Creatures,
screenwriter Roy Freirich seems more intent on producing an academic thesis than
an emotive drama. Consequently, this quickly collapses beneath the weight of the
creators' expectations and the triteness of the meaningful utterances foistered
upon actors who strive harder at making this seem significant than it deserves.

Clearly witnessing a random shooting is a harrowing experience. But seemingly
everybody involved in this slaying seems to react as though they had been
reading a psychology textbook. Driving instructor Forrest Whitaker takes his
survival as a sign that his luck is in and he heads for the local casino, much
to the chagrin of concerned daughter Jennifer Hudson. Waitress Kate Beckinsale
behaves just as capriciously, as she uses her infant to snag the attention of
doctor Guy Pearce, who held the door open for the lone gunman and is now taking
out his guilt on wife Embeth Davidtz. Meanwhile, teenager Dakota Fanning
responds to the loss of her father by embracing a religious fanaticism that
mystifies mother Jeanne Tripplehorn as much as Josh Hutcherson's post-traumatic
stress disorder befuddles parents Robin Wiegert and Jackie Earle Haley.

There's nothing wrong with appealing for gun control. But the context has to be
more sophisticated than this aggregation of fortune cookie philosophising and
clumsy symbolism (much of which seems to be related to a post-9/11 fear of
flying). Moreover, the flashbacking structure is unnecessarily cumbersome and
leaves each resolution feeling like the lachrymose climax of a saccharine
teleplay.

The trip home undertaken by Tim Robbins, Rachel McAdams and Michael Peña in Neil
Burger's The Lucky Ones is infinitely more credible and, consequently, it's
possible to overlook its more to egregious narrative contrivances. However, it's
the acting rather than the scripting that makes this formulaic road movie so
appealing.

On furlough from Iraq, Robbins's career sergeant is hoping that his back injury
is going to keep him Stateside for good. But he's forced to rethink his future
when Molly Hagan reveals that she's had enough of being an army wife and wants a
divorce. Despite already having already travelled cross country in a hire car
with Sergeant Peña and Private McAdams, Robbins agrees to join them on their
last leg to Las Vegas, where Peña is hoping a hooker can repair the damage done
by some shrapnel before he meets up with his fiancé and McAdams wants to return
a fallen buddy's guitar to his grieving parents.

Frequently feeling like a throwback to the coming home movies set in the
immediate aftermath of both the Second World War and Vietnam, this is
essentially a plea for audiences to show some gratitude to America's service
personnel for the dirty job being done in their name. It's not the subtlest of
messages and the bonding-bickering-reconciling format occasionally becomes
wearisome, especially as none of the backstories is particularly interesting.
But, even though the denouement drags cornball to a new low, the magnetism of
the performances makes it impossible not to root for the hapless trio, as they
stumble towards a new purpose that is evident from the outset.

Steve Zahn's route to a new start is even more circuitous in Stephen Belber's
directorial bow, Management. Stuck doing odd jobs in parents Fred Ward and Margo
Martindale's Arizona motel, Zahn falls head over heels on spotting corporate art
rep Jennifer Aniston at the check-in desk. But when his attempt to woo her with
a stolen bottle of champagne misfires, he pursues her to Maryland, where he
enlists the help of stoner James Liao to prove to Aniston that he's much better
for her than short-fused, ex-punk rocking yoghurt mogul, Woody Harrelson.

Zahn has always done a nice line in needy nerdiness, but his inarticulate
bashfulness mutates into stalkerish obsession in this resolutely unfunny romcom.
He sparks amiably with Aniston, but that's largely because they're both decent
actors rather than because Belber has crafted credible or compatible characters.
Indeed, all he seems to have done is recycle the prickly vulnerability that
Aniston exhibited as Rachel in Friends and shoe-horned it into a far-fetched odd
couple scenario that carries creepy undertones of Psycho (1960).

Michael Caine and Bill Milner play another mismatched couple in John Crowley's
equally bleak comedy, Is Anybody There? Set in the Yorkshire coastal backwater
of Hornsea in the 1980s, the story revolves around Caine's widowed magician
being forced to take up residence in the old people's home run by Milner's
parents, David Morrissey and Anne-Marie Duff. Happy to have an audience, the
seventysomething initially teaches the 10 year-old some tricks. But, as dementia
sets in, the emphasis is placed more inexorably on Caine's bitterness at a
wasted life.

With Caine edging grumpily towards death and Milner being so fascinated with
ghosts and the afterlife that he smuggles a tape recorder into one room to
capture a fading pensioner's last rattle, this clearly sought to be a British
variation on Harold and Maude (1971). But there's something desperate about an
enterprise that relies for its laughs on having estimable veterans like Sylvia
Syms, Leslie Phillips, Peter Vaughan, Rosemary Harris and Elizabeth Spriggs
curse and complain about their bodily functions. Moreover, there's nothing
particularly appealing about Morrissey seeking a cure for his mid-life crisis in
the pursuit of teenage assistant Linzey Cocker. Caine courageously allows Rob
Hardy's camera to pry into his melancholic decrepitude, but this is woefully
unworthy of his still considerable talents.

More upliftingly, there are also plenty of oldies on offer this week, including
a delightful double from Sino-American director, Wayne Wang.

Debunking Charlie Chan stereotypes and faintly echoing The Third Man, Chan Is
Missing (1982) is a gently pulsating study of life in San Francisco's Chinatown.
The search for 'Chan', who owes cabbies Wood Moy and Marc Hayashi a small
fortune, almost becomes an irrelevance as Wang guides us through a community
that is not only isolated from the rest of the country, but is also divided
within itself by homeland political rivalries and cross-generational attitudes.
Comic, intriguing and, often almost anthropological, this was one of the first
films to show what the American indie sector was capable of. Moreover, it was
completed for a mere $22,000

Delicate but deceptively spicy, Wang's second solo feature, Dim Sum: A Little
Bit of Heart (1985), deliciously shows how easy it is to appear selfless while
acting purely out of self-interest. Taking his stylistic cue from Yasujiro Ozu,
Wang allows the story to develop in its own time and space, while drawing the
viewer further into Frisco's Chinese community. This facilitates a fuller
appreciation of the emotional games that being played out by the elderly Kim
Chew, her westernised daughter, Laureen Chew, and her roguish, bar-tending
uncle, Victor Wong, all of whom dissemble in their relationships in order to
avoid having to make difficult decisions.

There was no such subtlety in Monty Banks's Keep Your Seats, Please (1936), even
though this sprightly George Formby vehicle was adapted from Ilya Ilf and
Yevgeny Petrov's celebrated play, The Twelve Chairs. Taking time to warble such
ukulele classics as 'When I'm Cleaning Windows', Formby exhibits a bit more nous
than usual, as he and girlfriend Florence Desmond pursue a set of antique
chairs, one of which contains the jewels bequeathed to him by an eccentric aunt.
However, even though this romp confirmed Formby's star status, he's upstaged in
every scene that he shares with the lugubrious Alastair Sim, as the shady lawyer
hired to track down the auctioned furniture.

George more than holds his own in Trouble Brewing (1939), in which the
Lancashire likely lad plays a printer with a detective fixation, who is intent
on capturing a gang of counterfeiters in order to impress journalist Googie
Withers. It hardly takes Sherlock Holmes to figure out the identity of the
master criminal, but the red herrings that pad out the story are amusing, with
the notable exception of a boxing bout against a bruiser that was old hat when
Charlie Chaplin and Stan Laurel fell back on it. Anthony Kimmins keeps the
action brisk. But, like all of Formby's directors, he makes a stilted hash of
the saucy songs by having the hearers stand around smirking like one of Lewis's.

Formby's fellow music-hall alumnus, Will Hay, was always a more accomplished
screen performer and his final film, My Learned Friend (1943), is a devilishly
black comedy in which he not only stars, but also co-directs with Basil Dearden.
Reduced to writing begging letters after he's disbarred, Hay's shyster lawyer
joins forces with bungling barrister Claude Hulbert to end the reign of terror
being waged by Mervyn Johns, an ex-jailbird bent on taking murderous revenge on
all who convicted him for forgery (including Hay, the defence counsel who
mishandled his case). Hay is in peak form, while Johns indulges himself as the
eye-rolling maniac. There are laughs aplenty and the Big Ben finale skilfully
marries John Buchan and Harold Lloyd.

Although he was on the cusp of developing into a very fine director, Michael
Anderson showed that he wasn't quite the finished article with his sixth
feature, an over-literal adaptation of Vernon Sylvaine's stage success, Will Any
Gentleman...? (1953). However, even laying aside the clumsiness of much of the
comedy, most modern viewers won't be particularly well disposed towards a story
in which a hypnotist turns a timid bank clerk into a swaggering lothario. As the
entranced enchanter, George Cole makes the most of his awkward charm, but his
enthusiasm too often gets the better of him. However, this is still worth
catching for a supporting cast boasting a brace of Dr Whos in William Hartnell
and Jon Pertwee.

By contrast, Roy Boulting was all-but past his comic prime by the time he made
the underwhelming boys' school comedy, A French Mistress (1960), As ever,
produced by twin brother John and co-scripted by longtime partner Jeffrey Dell,
this chauvinist farce has not worn well, with Agnes Laurent seeming to have a
miserable time as she suffers the indignity of being lusted after by everyone
from crusty old colonels to spotty oiks in the lower remove. The sight of so
many familiar faces doing what they did best should at least have given the
action a certain cosy appeal. But veterans like Cecil Parker, James
Robertson-Justice and Raymond Huntley are left high and dry by a screenplay that
is little more than a bumper collection of sniggering bike-shed jokes about sex
and mademoiselles.

Completing this week's slate are three pictures set during the Second World War,
which broke out 70 years ago this month.

Documentarist Harry Watt and future Ealing comedy scribe TEB Clarke united for
the flagwaver, For Those in Peril (1943), which like so many British combat
films of the time has a uniquely realist edge. New College graduate Charles
Crichton made his directorial debut with this bullish tale about the rivalry
between David Farrar's air-sea rescue unit and a larger patrol boat. Although
the action sags as ace pilot Ralph Michael is forced to learn the importance of
teamwork, the scenes in which he races against time to fish survivors out of the
drink before a Nazi craft can reach them have an exciting, pseudo-newsreel feel
to them, thanks to Douglas Slocombe's excellent cinematography.

Farrar resurfaces in The Small Back Room (1949). Following the sumptuous
theatrics of Black Narcissus (1947) and The Red Shoes (1948), Michael Powell and
Emeric Pressburger returned to the muted naturalism of their earlier
collaborations for this adaptation of Nigel Balchin's novel about scientists
feeling the strain in wartime. The lengthy passages of chat in which the
backroom boffins bicker about their latest inventions have a tendency to drag.
But the surreal sequence in which Farrar's disillusioned hero loses himself in
alcoholic oblivion is inspired and the bomb disposal finale is given an
unbearable tension by the Archers' masterful use of camera angle and cutting.

There's an inescapable predictability about such 'now it can be told' dramas as
Odette (1950), even though there is no denying the magnitude of the exploits
performed by heroines like Odette Sansom, who acted as a liaison between the
Special Operations Executive and the Maquis until she was condemned to death in
June 1943 and sent to Ravensbrück. Playing with more reverence than she accorded
either Queen Victoria or Florence Nightingale, Anna Neagle conveys the requisite
blend of sang froid and derring-do, as she trains under Trevor Howard and Peter
Ustinov. She then displays some standard issue stiff upper-lippery while being
subjected to sadistic interrogation by Gestapo colonel Marius Goring. But
director Herbert Wilcox has little new to offer in his depiction of either
Occupied France or life in a concentration camp, although he does generate some
climactic tension after commandant Alfred Schieske takes Neagle hostage during
the American liberation.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

All the way with LBJ

BYLINE: GEORGE F. WILL

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 717 words


Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours after the
assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East Room of
the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian, convened a
lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other administration
liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964 Democratic
presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and instead run a
ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography.

The new volume arrives 30 years after the first, and its timing is
serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current lamentations about the
decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's cringe-inducing
catalog of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson by many New
Frontiersmen, and with obsessive hatred by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
convince Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana -- President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 -- and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding his Texas
broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists, through
their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated -- and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws -- the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families ...") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a pre-eminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a very personal force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages.

When his fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

LOAD-DATE: May 02, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 11, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition

Politics in a Sea of Chagrin

BYLINE: MARY McGRORY

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A2; MARY MCGRORY

LENGTH: 786 words


Many people think that, legally speaking, Speaker Jim Wright (D-Tex.) has a
respectable case. He now has an ace to argue it for him, a tall, aggressive,
sharp Houston trial lawyer named Stephen D. Susman.

Trouble is, "the matter of Rep. James C. Wright Jr.," as the Committee on
Standards of Official Conduct calls the sea of chagrin in which the House is
thrashing, is not a legal matter. It is entirely political.

Wright has his defenders. The sometimes irascible chairman of the House
Appropriations subcommittee on foreign operations, Rep. David R. Obey (D-Wis.),
who wrote the ethics code, says the speaker did not break the rules on
royalties, despite the 55 percent rate he enjoyed on "Reflections of a Public
Man," the book he obviously wrote himself.

Obey also claimed that in accepting largess from George A. Mallick, Wright did
not break the rules, since Mallick's wealth and considerable business interests
did not make him a person with "a direct interest in legislation."

Wright's new lawyer, Susman, has an air about him that suggests he will take
advantage of every weakness and drive a truck through any crack of light in the
case being brought by the ethics committee. But the decision is not being made
on the letter of the law. His judges, his 434 colleagues, are trying to divine
what the folks back home think.

The mind of America on ethics is almost unreadable. Such gross offenses as lying
to the public, as in the case of Ronald Reagan and George Bush and the
Iran-contra affair, can be overlooked. The country has responded that it has
long since forgiven in one case and doesn't care in the other. Venality, the
North jury said, is worse than immorality.

Still, how can a body, which is full of people whose wives also hold sinecures,
who take junkets and contributions, pass judgment on a man who did not do much
more than most and a lot less than many. The answer is that a better show is
expected of the speaker. Money-grubbing, which is off-putting in a genuine
populist, is unseemly in the man who could be president.

Wright, who is perhaps the premier orator in the House, will soon have a chance
to explain his chronic, urgent need of funds.

Meanwhile, he has opened up a counteroffensive, which seems designed merely to
add to the embarrassment and the pain of the proceedings. He is attacking the
special outside counsel, Richard J. Phelan. Phelan is a rangy, ginger-haired
Chicago lawyer, who has a strong hold on ethics committee members. Wright does
not dare attack his jury directly -- two of his Texas partisans invited a strong
backlash with crude threats against two Democrats who voted against him on
critical charges -- but apparently he hopes to drive a wedge between Phelan and
the members. It looks like a lost cause. They have been locked up together for
10 months and have had bonding experiences: Rep. Chester G. Atkins (D-Mass.) and
Phelan were mugged together on Capitol Hill returning from a late-night session
with the ledgers.

Wright, nonetheless, at his Tuesday press briefing, suggested that the committee
had been manipulated by this midwestern Svengali. He noted the "prevalence of
inaccuracies" in the report and suggested it was because sometimes only two of
12 had shown up at sessions and took Phelan's word for interpretations of House
rules. Some were baffled that the attack coincided with the arrival of Clark
Clifford, Mr. Suave himself, to the defense team. "Clark has never been
confrontational," said an observer.

If it comes down to a duel between Phelan and Susman, the Texan could carry the
day. But that isn't what it is about. It's Wright against the House's view of
the right thing. His performance is not an issue. They had never had a better
speaker. He was daring, edgy, defiant of Reagan. He racked up a series of
populist victories. He stopped the war in Central America.

His days are like Macbeth's -- "tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow." His press
briefings have become penitential occasions. He used to enjoy these moments of
total control, the announcements of the schedule of the People's House, the
legislation called up on his decision. No more. The other day, he read a
statesmanlike statement about a vocational educational act.

But the first question was about some plane ride that the speaker had apparently
accepted and not reported on his disclosure forms.

It was time to open the House. He moved through the crowd of reporters with his
head down, looking neither to right nor left. Before it was a pleasant progress,
with greetings and banter. Now it is a gantlet. The speaker went to the chamber
to take up the gavel before members who wonder, as he may, how much longer it
will be in his hands.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              752 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     April 28, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Unplugged Lovett in fine form; Nashville, local musicians produce mellow night
of music

BYLINE: MARK LEPAGE; GAZETTE

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT: PREVIEW; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 370 words


It was the last night of the tour, and Lyle Lovett and his medium-sized band
were cutting loose.

He brought much, much more than a quintet. He brought a septet, with an
additional string quintet hired locally.

And with some of Nashville's best players sawing, picking and brushing on
fiddle, cello, standup bass, mandolin and drums, Lovett sang uptown country jazz
for a smaller-than-expected 2,000-plus crowd.

Chose strings over horns

Choose strings over horns and you make a very conscious decision to tone down
the mood. Whatever his motivations, be they artistic, emotional or simply
perverse, Lovett chose to take his music Unplugged to the nth degree.

Much of it as beautiful, as only music played by bassist Viktor Krauss, fiddler
Andrea Zohn and mandolinist Sam Bush can be, as only a man whose wry misanthropy
sometimes obscures a voice as laden with sadness as a willow can sing.

Along the way, there were stories like the one about a trip out of El Paso to
another Texas town.

"The name of the place was Crumb, and we were going to see a fella named Bubba.
You really do that kinda stuff in Texas."

There was much tittering, because Lovett has a masterfully dry comic timing. Yet
along the way, this show became dry enough for a herd of camels.

It had nothing to do with the musicianship, which was superb from the moment the
whole band bomped gently into I've Been to Memphis. Krauss's slippery bass and
Zohn's saucy fiddle accented Lovett's dead-on poise whenever they were called
on. It was the sound of civilized sadness, gently barbed humor and pervasive
virtuosity.

Presentation too polite

But somewhere in the brilliance of the details, the life and energy were lost.
Lovett's observations of human venality, of how everbody wants to be somewhere
they ain't and have something they don't, carry a heavy weight when tied to
dolorous cellos. The music was lovely, but the presentation was too polite by
half.

There aren't many fit to comb Lovett's hair when it comes to songwriting, and
nobody is going to outplay Nashville's best anytime soon. Slip in some
variations in tone and attack and this would have been a near-perfect show
instead of a show perfectly played.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gordon Beck, Gazette/Lovett last night: cut loose on last night of
tour.

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

The year that should've shut up

BYLINE: Doug Camilli, CanWest News Service

SECTION: DAILY ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 515  words


Some Decembers, I really have to struggle to find the one person, action,
product, phrase, stupidity, or excess which serves to sum up the whole year.
It's a complicated world and I like to put a lot of thought into this decision,
even though the boss sometimes grumbles about the associated bar bills. I tell
him that inspiration - like the reposado that sparks it - doesn't come cheap.

Lucky for him that this year, one particular news story sounded a crisp, clear
trumpet note in my head. A shaft of cathedral light shone down upon me, and
instantly I knew: 2007 is the year of " Por qu no te callas?"

It's Spanish, but even that musical tongue cannot soften the sting. It means
"Why don't you shut up?" and King Juan Carlos of Spain said it to Venezuelan
President Hugo Chavez in Chile on Nov. 10, at some meeting of Hispanic-country
leaders.

Kaboom! In one indiscreet liverish moment, el rey created a monster. From the
president of the United States to Britney Spears, just about everybody deserves
to be urged bluntly - and often - to keep their thoughts to themselves.

The sad fact is that angry disdain for almost everything is the only sensible
approach to life in a year like 2007. The king's question summed up the
zeitgeist perfectly.

So now I'm going to shut up myself, and move briskly on to some other
highlights, if that's the word, of 2007. It's been a year of indefensible
stupidity, inanity, dishonesty, venality, absurdity, and confusion - pretty much
like every other year. Let's see what we've got here:

- Celebrity, explained: The magnificent Mary-Louise Parker sums up the whole
fame game: "I'll take any trophy. I don't care what it says on it."

- Worst recruiting move: The U.S. Army sent "why-don't-you-re-join the
Army?"appeals to the addresses of some 75 officers who'd been killed in the line
of duty.

l Worst career move: The NBC TV station in Philadelphia reported that defence
lawyer Larry Charles, 49, was arrested after being found in a court- house
conference room naked with a 14-year-old girl. He was charged with solicitation,
attempted statutory sexual assault, and everything else they could think of.

- Where are we?: Royal Nepal Airlines fired a manager and apologized to Peru
after using a photo of Inca ruins at Machu Picchu to advertise tourism in Nepal.

The pic was on a poster, under the slogan "Have you seen Nepal?"

- Fatalism award: After Boris Yeltsin died, the man who had been his prime
minister, Viktor Chernomyrdin, summed up Russian's Yeltsin era best: "We hoped
for the best, but things turned out as usual."

- Some things are worth dying for: In Atmore, Ala., Dan Gulley, 70, shot his
friend Dave Brooks, 62, twice in the abdomen over an argument about the height
of the late soul singer James Brown.

- Well then, could he borrow the movie?: James Van Iveren of suburban Milwaukee
heard a woman screaming in the apartment upstairs, so he grabbed his heirloom
samurai sword off the wall, ran upstairs, and kicked in the door - where he
found a very surprised guy who'd been watching a porno film all by himself. "Now
I feel stupid," Iveren said.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Bristol Post

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Corruption in UK as bad as in the States

SECTION: NEWS:LETTERS; Pg. 10-11

LENGTH: 304  words


ISN'T it interesting to see how much of the British media clap their hands and
dance for joy when covering a US presidential election?  Well known faces,
political pundits and network grandees cavorting for a jolly over the pond to
see the race to the White House. Pathetic.

For me it's also interesting to see how biased the media were in favour of Mrs
Clinton. That said, when asked, I told people honestly that I thought Mr Trump
would win. In truth, given the state of American politics I had no doubt.

America is not Britain: they do not think like us nor do they share all of our
values, and therefore the expectation of either electorate is different for the
respective governments. Who are we criticise the USA?

But we do share one thing: corruption - political and financial. The British
establishment is as corrupt as the American. It's not rocket science, for those
that can be bothered to look. Apathy resides quite happily in the hearts and
minds of many; some people choose to ignore much of what goes on locally and
nationally. Not forgetting that international stuff is sadly perceived as far
too complicated. However people (all over the globe) are now waking up. In
Europe the citizenry rally against the venality of the EU and now the Yanks have
raised a proverbial pitchfork and rallied against the perceived elite.

I can't help but wonder are we really in a position to criticise American
voters? Leaving aside the media hyperbole no one can predict the future. Yet one
thing's for sure: as we move forward all eyes will be on Trumpton... sorry, I
mean Washington. Democracy can mean dissension. Political discourse includes
disagreement. And when 'the people' speak they expect to be heard!

Joseph De Maistre was probably right, he said: "Every nation gets the government
it deserves."

C Stephens

Pucklechurch

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 20, 2008 Sunday

Canin's 'America' may be his best work to date

BYLINE: By Connie Ogle Miami Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Books

LENGTH: 854 words


"America America," Ethan Canin's riveting and thought-provoking political novel,
arrives at the perfect time   the summer before a pivotal presidential election
and reflects wisely on the ongoing clash of public idealism and ruthless
ambition. It's a marvelously ambitious book, a pointed history lesson and a
timeless meditation on fate and self-determination.

Canin, who is on the faculty at the Iowa Writers' Workshop and author of the
novels "For Kings and Planets," "Blue River" and "Carry Me Across the Water" and
two stellar short-story collections, has unleashed all his considerable skills
here, and it's our reward that "America America" turns out to be his best and
most affecting work.

The Nixon-era backdrop is at once familiar and strange, a time in which
innocence lingers, and what we are fond of calling ''the ingenuity of the
American working man'' still matters, at least in the small towns where Mom and
Pop man the counter of the hardware store, and the bakery smells of bread fresh
from the oven instead of the cool, corporate scent of espresso.

"America America" is a moving elegy for a faded way of life, then, but it's
neither sentimental nor scolding in its exploration of past and present. The
good old days may have been lucrative for the robber barons who profited in the
new world, but they were clearly less kind to those who suffered and labored in
their employ. Modern times bring the convenience of Crate & Barrel and Ikea, but
herald an end to small-town individuality. Some things, of course, transcend
time: human weakness, vanity, venality, ambition.

The novel's introspective narrator is Corey Sifter, publisher of a small
newspaper in upstate New York (''We're the last of the local dailies not to have
sold to McClatchy or Gannett or Murdoch''). A funeral has inspired Corey to
recall his adolescence in Saline (rhymes with malign), "a town that was almost
entirely built and owned by a single family, the Metareys." The only child of
working-class parents   his father, a plumber and pipefitter, grew up in a
household of miners   Corey went to work for the Metareys as a teenager, doing
odd jobs, developing odd friendships with the two Metarey daughters and learning
the ancient art of kingmaking from the well-intentioned patriarch, Liam.

A wealthy landowner who sees himself as a champion of the working man and an
idealist strongly opposed to the Vietnam War, Liam Metarey helped elect Democrat
Henry Bonwiller to the Senate, and now he aims to push the popular ''Senator
Bon''   perhaps the last of the great liberal politicians   into the White
House. Union support should be strong: "Anyone who knows the history of the
American labor movement knows how pivotal Henry Bonwiller was   and thus Liam
Metarey   in a good many of its triumphs. It's easy to see what a force those
men have been in our lives   it's easy to see why we revered them.''

But rumors of a nightmarish scandal begin to haunt the campaign; the name of Ted
Kennedy will come to mind as secrets unfold. But similarities to sordid history
do not propel "America America" so determinedly forward; Corey's middle-aged
deconstruction of his youthful complicity in the terrible event is what matters.
He is prompted to assess his behavior by images of his three grown daughters and
the presence of a bright young intern, Trieste Millbury, the modern-day version
of the ambitious working-class teenager he used to be. His fate, he understands,
is "to know everything you have ever done, every act you've ever had a part in,
has another meaning as well, and that it is both greater and more terrible than
the one you knew."

The gaping distance between unimaginable wealth and borderline poverty is
familiar territory for Canin, but he intuitively paints Corey's rise to
white-collar reality less as a seduction than as the natural evolution of that
peculiarly American dream in which sons are more successful than their fathers.
Like Liam, Corey sees himself as a man of the people and tells Trieste casually,
"Powerful men are just like everybody else. They put their pants on one leg at a
time." Yet even Trieste senses the falsehood. Corey and men like him revere men
like Sen. Bonwiller and Liam Metarey because of their power and success. But
what if the price for either is simply too high?

We cheer the ingenuity of the working man less often these days. The past fades.
The Cleary Brothers bakery becomes Starbucks, and the magnificent oaks on the
Metarey property fall to make room for a strip mall.

What have we learned, then? "The old verities, mostly," Corey says, "that love
for our children is what sustains us; that people are not what they seem; that
those we hate bear some wound equal to our own; that power is desperation's
salve, and that this fact as much as any is what dooms and dooms us.'' Canin
offers this sobering lesson with insight and grace.FICTION

     ·    TITLE: "America America" AUTHOR: Ethan Canin PUBLISHER: Random House
          PRICE: $27; PAGES: 458 BOOKSIGNINGS: 3 p.m. July 20 at Diesel, 5433
          College Ave., Oakland, 510-653-9965; 7 p.m. July 21 at Rakestraw, 409
          Railroad Ave., Danville, 925-837-7337


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 26, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

Rush to Judgement

BYLINE: Sanford J. Ungar

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X6

LENGTH: 1109 words


OUTRAGE The Story Behind the Tawana Brawley Hoax

By Robert McFadden, Ralph Blumenthal, M.A. Farber, E.R. Shipp, Charles Strum,
Craig Wolff of the New York Times Bantam. 408 pp. $ 21.95

IF IT IS TRUE, as the late Andy Warhol said, that everyone gets to be famous for
15 minutes, then Tawana Brawley has already had far more than her share -- at
least a month or two.

But there is something perversely riveting about the tale of this black teenager
who, on Thanksgiving of 1987, claimed to have been abducted and raped by a gang
of white racists, including law enforcement officials, in Dutchess County, New
York.

Found in a garbage bag outside an apartment building where she had once lived,
her body smeared with excrement and racial slurs, Brawley achieved almost
instant celebrity status. Thanks to a team of clever, high-profile "advisers"
who gained influence over her family, her case came to be regarded as one more
test of the flawed American criminal justice system, with the reputations of no
less than Gov. Mario Cuomo and his attorney general at stake. Thousands of
supporters rallied and marched on her behalf, and a busload of people traveled
to the Democratic National Convention in Atlanta in 1988 to make Tawana
Brawley's treatment a national issue.

There was just one problem: according to a grand jury that painstakingly
examined the evidence, accusations and recriminations in the case, Tawana
Brawley was lying. The grand jury reported almost a year later that she had been
neither abducted nor raped during the four November days when she was missing,
and that her condition at the time she was found was almost certainly
"self-inflicted."

No one has yet come up with any evidence to contradict this disturbing
conclusion. And, on the contrary, a team of six New York Times reporters who
worked on the Tawana Brawley story have now produced a book that reinforces and
documents the view that the entire affair was a cruel hoax.

Outrage is a stunning piece of work. Except at a few points where it becomes too
self-consciously involved with the reporters' own attitudes and tactics, it
reads like a good thriller -- full of corruption, venality and human
imperfection, with almost no heroes and plenty of villains.

Although the reader knows from the start what the end of the story will be, he
feels irresistibly compelled to read on.

Employing the best techniques of investigative reporting, the authors
reconstruct a plausible version of Tawana Brawley's adventures. They conclude
that her "disappearance" was concocted, with her mother's connivance, to fool
Ralph King, her mother's boyfriend, who was increasingly harsh with the teenager
and sometimes abused her physically.

The deception, apparently modeled after a well-publicized case involving another
young woman named Tawana, was originally intended to be a private matter to ease
family tensions. But, as is often the case with this genre of behavior, it
quickly got out of hand. Brawley's aunt, who had helped raise her and was
genuinely concerned about her well-being, was seemingly left out of the
conspiracy (at least initially). She panicked and went to the police. As the
first victim of the hoax, she ironically became its most ardent promoter,
demanding justice and advocating publicity.

It was after the arrival on the scene of three people the authors frankly label
as "charlatans" -- the Rev. Al Sharpton, C. Vernon Mason and Alton Maddox --
that matters truly passed the point of no return. This trio's activism obviously
grows out of a genuine concern for the plight of African-Americans, but their
behavior in the Brawley case was so reprehensible -- at least for this reader --
as to cast doubt on almost anything else they ever do.  THEREIN LIES one of the
most troubling issues at the heart of the Tawana Brawley affair, and of this
book. Perhaps it is naive to be shocked by the tactics of Sharpton, Mason and
Maddox, but it is painful to recognize that the cynical things they did here,
with the help of Minister Louis Farrakhan and others, contributed significantly
to racial polarization in the United States.

The authors attempt to deal with the undercurrent of racism in this story
through a kind of Greek chorus of black people who patronize a Brooklyn
restaurant called Edgar's. This is one of the few elements of the book that does
not work very well, in my view, but I was nonetheless gratified to read the
conclusion reached by one of the regulars at Edgar's about the Brawley case: "It
was wrong to think that you could fight centuries of white hatred with black
lies."

There is another issue in the Brawley case that has received inadequate
attention -- the role of the media, both print and broadcast, in giving currency
to accusations that had no merit.

When reporters rushed into print and onto the air, for example, with Maddox's
claim that a young Dutchess County prosecutor had been one of Brawley's
assailants, they were performing in the great tradition of the journalists who,
in the 1950s, passed along uncritically Sen. Joseph McCarthy's allegations of
Communist influence in the State Department.

It is obviously difficult to craft rules of professional conduct that will keep
reporters from becoming accomplices to fraud, but not every statement uttered by
a public or a controversial figure is worth attention and credibility.

Had more sensible restraint been shown in the coverage of the Tawana Brawley
affair from the start, many people, including Brawley herself, might have been
spared a great deal of pain.

She, of course, cannot possibly live up to her reputation among those who still
believe her discredited tale. Now a student at Howard University (where an
organization run by Sharpton pays her tuition), she is brought out from time to
time to endorse various causes, but really has little to say.

A recent photograph in the New York Times showed Brawley outside State Supreme
Court in Manhattan, where she had attended the trial of a teenager accused of
participating in the rape and attempted murder of a white woman jogging in
Central Park. She was between Sharpton and Mason, holding their hands, and
seemed to smirk at the camera. They were there, Sharpton said, to "observe the
differences in the court system between a white and a black victim."

Yeah, sure. My reaction was that three questions might legitimately be asked:
"Whose victim is Tawana Brawley, anyway?" "Why doesn't she leave us alone?" And
"why don't the media stop covering her until and unless she does something truly
newsworthy?"

Sanford J. Ungar is dean of the School of Communication at American University.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AP

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              757 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           January 16, 1993, Saturday

JOHN WAYNE: a love song

BYLINE: By JOAN DIDION

SECTION: WEEKEND TITLE PAGE; Page 27

LENGTH: 2598 words


IN THE summer of 1943 I was eight, and my father and mother and small brother
and I were at Peterson Field in Colorado Springs. A hot wind blew through that
summer, blew until it seemed that before August broke, all the dust in Kansas
would be in Colorado, would have drifted over the tar-paper barracks and the
temporary strip and stopped only when it hit Pikes Peak. There was not much to
do, a summer like that: there was the day they brought in the first B-29, an
event to remember but scarcely a vacation programme. There was an officers'
club, but no swimming pool; all the officers' club had of interest was
artificial blue rain behind the bar. The rain interested me a good deal, but I
could not spend the summer watching it, and so we went, my brother and I, to the
movies.

We went three and four afternoons a week, sat on folding chairs in the darkened
hut which served as a theatre, and it was there, that summer of 1943 while the
hot wind blew outside, that I first saw John Wayne. Saw the walk, heard the
voice. Heard him tell the girl in a picture called War of the Wildcats that he
would build her a house, ''at the bend in the river where the cottonwoods
grow''.

As it happened I did not grow up to be the kind of woman who is the heroine in a
Western, and although the men I have known have had many virtues and have taken
me to live in many places I have come to love, they have never been John Wayne,
and they have never taken me to that bend in the river where the cottonwoods
grow. Deep in that part of my heart where the artificial rain forever falls,
that is still the line I wait to hear.

I tell you this neither in a spirit of self-revelation nor as an exercise in
total recall, but simply to demonstrate that when John Wayne rode through my
childhood, and perhaps through yours, he determined for ever the shape of
certain of our dreams. It did not seem possible that such a man could fall ill,
could carry within him that most inexplicable and ungovernable of diseases. The
rumour struck some obscure anxiety, threw our very childhoods into question. In
John Wayne's world, John Wayne was supposed to give the orders. ''Let's ride,''
he said, and, ''Saddle up.'' ''Forward ho,'' and, ''A man's gotta do what he's
got to do.''

''Hello, there,'' he said when he first saw the girl, in a construction camp or
on a train or just standing around on the front porch waiting for somebody to
ride up through the tall grass. When John Wayne spoke, there was no mistaking
his intentions; he had a sexual authority so strong that even a child could
perceive it. And in a world we understood early to be characterised by venality
and doubt and paralysing ambiguities, he suggested another world, one which may
or may not have existed ever but in any case existed no more; a place where a
man could move free, could make his own code and live by it; a world in which,
if a man did what he had to do, he could one day take the girl and go riding
through the draw and find himself home free, not in a hospital with something
going wrong inside, not in a high bed with the flowers and the drugs and the
forced smiles, but there at the bend in the bright river, the cottonwoods
shimmering in the early morning sun.

''Hello, there.'' Where did he come from, before the tall grass? Even his
history seemed right, for it was no history at all, nothing to intrude upon the
dream. Born Marion Morrison in Winterset, Iowa, the son of a druggist. Moved as
a child to Lancaster, California, part of the migration to that promised land
sometimes called ''the west coast of Iowa''. Not that Lancaster was the promise
fulfilled; Lancaster was a town on the Mojave where the dust blew through. But
Lancaster was still California, and it was only a year from there to Glendale,
where desolation had a different flavour: antimacassars among the orange groves,
a middle-class prelude to Forest Lawn.

Imagine Marion Morrison in Glendale. A Boy Scout, then a student at Glendale
High. A tackle for USC, a Sigma Chi. Summer vacations, a job moving props on the
old Fox lot. There, a meeting with John Ford, one of the several directors who
were to sense that into this perfect mould might be poured the inarticulate
longings of a nation wondering at just what pass the trail had been lost.
''Dammit,'' said Raoul Walsh later, ''the son of a bitch looked like a man.''

And so after a while the boy from Glendale became a star. He did not become an
actor, as he has always been careful to point out to interviewers (''How many
times do I gotta tell you, I don't act at all, I re-act''), but a star, and the
star called John Wayne would spend most of the rest of his life with one or
another of those directors, out on some forsaken location, in search of the
dream.

Out where the skies are a trifle bluer

Out where friendship's a little truer

That's where the West begins.

Nothing very bad could happen in the dream, nothing a man could not face down.
But something did. There it was, the rumour, and after a while the headlines.
''I licked the Big C,'' John Wayne announced, as John Wayne would, reducing
those outlaw cells to the level of any other outlaws, but even so we all sensed
that this would be the one unpredictable confrontation, the one shoot-out Wayne
could lose. I have as much trouble as the next person with illusion and reality,
and I did not much want to see John Wayne when he must be (or so I thought)
having some trouble with it himself, but I did, and it was down in Mexico when
he was making the picture his illness had so long delayed, down in the very
country of the dream.

It was John Wayne's 165th picture. It was Henry Hathaway's 84th. It was number
34 for Dean Martin, who was working off an old contract to Hal Wallis, for whom
it was independent production number 65. It was called The Sons of Katie Elder,
and it was a Western, and after the three-month delay they had finally shot the
exteriors up in Durango, and now they were in the waning days of interior
shooting at Estudio Churubusco outside Mexico City, and the sun was hot and the
air was clear and it was lunchtime.

Out under the pepper trees the boys from the Mexican crew sat around sucking
caramels, and down the road some of the technical men sat around a place which
served a stuffed lobster and a glass of tequila for one dollar American, but it
was inside the cavernous empty commissary where the talent sat around, the
reasons for the exercise, all sitting around the big table picking at huevos con
queso and Carta Blanca beer. Dean Martin, unshaven. Mack Gray, who goes where
Martin goes. Bob Goodfried, who was in charge of Paramount publicity and who had
flown down to arrange for a trailer and who had a delicate stomach. ''Tea and
toast,'' he warned repeatedly. ''That's the ticket. You can't trust the
lettuce.'' And Henry Hathaway, the director, who did not seem to be listening to
Goodfried. And John Wayne, who did not seem to be listening to anyone.

''This week's gone slow,'' Dean Martin said, for the third time.

''How can you say that?'' Mack Gray demanded.

'' This . . . week's . . . gone . . . slow, that's how I can say it.''

''You don't mean you want it to end.''

''I'll say it right out, Mack, I want it to end. Tomorrow night I shave this
beard, I head for the airport, I say adios amigos! Bye-bye muchachos!''

Henry Hathaway lit a cigar and patted Martin's arm fondly. ''Not tomorrow,
Dino.''

''Henry, what are you planning to add? A world war?''

Hathaway patted Martin's arm again and gazed into the middle distance. At the
end of the table someone mentioned a man who, some years before, had tried
unsuccessfully to blow up an airplane.

''He's still in jail,'' Hathaway said suddenly.

''In jail?'' Martin was momentarily distracted from the question of whether to
send his golf clubs back with Bob Goodfried or consign them to Mack Gray.
''What's he in jail for if nobody got killed?''

''Attempted murder, Dino,'' Hathaway said gently. ''A felony.''

''You mean some guy just tried to kill me he'd end up in jail?''

Hathaway removed the cigar from his mouth and looked across the table. ''Some
guy just tried to kill me he wouldn't end up in jail. How about you, Duke?''

Very slowly, the object of Hathaway's query wiped his mouth, pushed back his
chair, and stood up. It was the real thing, the authentic article, the move
which had climaxed a thousand scenes on 165 flickering frontiers and
phantasmagoric battlefields before, and it was about to climax this one, in the
commissary at Estudio Churubusco outside Mexico City. ''Right,'' John Wayne
drawled. ''I'd kill him.''

Almost all the cast of Katie Elder had gone home, that last week; only the
principals were left, Martin, and Earl Holliman, and Michael Anderson Jnr, and
Martha Hyer. Martha Hyer was not around much, but every now and then someone
referred to her, usually as ''the girl''. They had all been together nine weeks,
six of them in Durango.

Durango. The very name hallucinates. Man's country. Out where the West begins.
There had been ahuehuete trees in Durango, a waterfall, rattlesnakes. There had
been weather, nights so cold that they had postponed one or two exteriors until
they could shoot inside. ''It was the girl,'' they explained. ''You couldn't
keep the girl out in cold like that.''

And there was Wayne himself, fighting through number 165. There was Wayne, in
his 33-year-old spurs, his dusty neckerchief, his blue shirt. ''You don't have
too many worries about what to wear in these things,'' he said. ''You can wear a
blue shirt, or, if you're down in Monument Valley, you can wear a yellow
shirt.''

There was Wayne, in a relatively new hat, a hat which made him look curiously
like William S Hart. ''I had this old cavalry hat I loved, but I lent it to
Sammy Davis. I got it back, it was unwearable. I think they all pushed it down
on his head and said OK, John Wayne - you know, a joke.''

There was Wayne, working too soon, finishing the picture with a bad cold and a
racking cough, so tired by late afternoon that he kept an oxygen inhalator on
the set. And still nothing mattered but the Code. ''That guy,'' he muttered of a
reporter who had incurred his displeasure. ''I admit I'm balding. I admit I got
a tyre around my middle. What man 57 doesn't? Big news. Anyway, that guy.''

He paused, about to expose the heart of the matter, the root of the distaste,
the fracture of the rules that bothered him more than the alleged misquotations,
more than the intimation that he was no longer the Ringo Kid. ''He comes down,
uninvited, but I ask him over anyway. So we're sitting around drinking mescal
out of a water jug.''

He paused again and looked meaningfully at Hathaway, readying him for the
unthinkable denouement. ''He had to be assisted to his room.''

They argued about the virtues of various prizefighters, they argued about the
price of J & B in pesos. They argued about dialogue.

''As rough a guy as he is, Henry, I still don't think he'd raffle off his
mother's Bible.''

''I like a shocker, Duke.''

They exchanged endless training-table jokes. ''You know why they call this
memory sauce?'' Martin asked, holding up a bowl of chilli.

''Why?''

''Because you remember it in the morning.''

''Hear that, Duke? Hear why they call this memory sauce?''

They delighted one another by blocking out minute variations in the free-for-all
fight which is a set piece in Wayne pictures; motivated or totally gratuitous,
the fight sequence has to be in the picture, because they so enjoy making it.
''Listen - this'll really be funny. Duke picks up the kid, see, and then it
takes both Dino and Earl to throw him out the door - how's that?''

On the morning of the day they were to finish Katie Elder, Web Overlander showed
up not in his windbreaker but in a blue blazer. ''Home, Mama,'' he said, passing
out the last of his Juicy Fruit. ''I got on my getaway clothes.'' But he was
subdued.

At noon, Henry Hathaway's wife dropped by the commissary to tell him that she
might fly over to Acapulco. ''Go ahead,'' he told her. ''I get through here, all
I'm gonna do is take Seconal to a point just this side of suicide.'' They were
all subdued.

After Mrs Hathaway left, there were desultory attempts at reminiscing, but man's
country was receding fast; they were already halfway home, and all they could
call up was the 1961 Bel Air fire, during which Henry Hathaway had ordered the
Los Angeles Fire Department off his property and saved the place himself by,
among other measures, throwing everything flammable into the swimming pool.
''Those fire guys might've just given it up,'' Wayne said. ''Just let it burn.''
In fact this was a good story, and one incorporating several of their favourite
themes, but a Bel Air story was still not a Durango story.

In the early afternoon they began the last scene, and although they spent as
much time as possible setting it up, the moment finally came when there was
nothing to do but shoot it. ''Second team out, first team in, doors closed,''
the assistant director shouted one last time. The stand-ins walked off the set,
John Wayne and Martha Hyer walked on. ''All right, boys, silencio, this is a
picture.''

They took it twice. Twice the girl offered John Wayne the tattered Bible. Twice
John Wayne told her that ''there's a lot of places I go where that wouldn't fit
in''. Everyone was very still. And at 2.30 that Friday afternoon Henry Hathaway
turned away from the camera, and in the hush that followed he ground out his
cigar in a sand bucket. ''OK,'' he said. ''That's it.''

Since that summer of 1943 I had thought of John Wayne in a number of ways. I had
thought of him driving cattle up from Texas, and bringing airplanes in on a
single engine, thought of him telling the girl at the Alamo that ''Republic is a
beautiful word''. I had never thought of him having dinner with his family and
with me and my husband in an expensive restaurant in Chapultepec Park, but time
brings odd mutations, and there we were, one night that last week in Mexico. For
a while it was only a nice evening, an evening anywhere. We had a lot of drinks
and I lost the sense that the face across the table was in certain ways more
familiar than my husband's.

And then something happened. Suddenly the room seemed suffused with the dream,
and I could not think why. Three men appeared out of nowhere, playing guitars.
Pilar Wayne leant slightly forward, and John Wayne lifted his glass almost
imperceptibly toward her. ''We'll need some Pouilly Fuisse for the rest of the
table,'' he said, ''and some red Bordeaux for the Duke.''

We all smiled, and drank the Pouilly Fuisse for the rest of the table and the
red Bordeaux for the Duke, and all the while the men with the guitars kept
playing, until finally I realised what they were playing, what they had been
playing all along: ''The Red River Valley'' and the theme from The High and the
Mighty. They did not quite get the beat right, but even now I can hear them, in
another country and a long time later, even as I tell you this.

This piece comes from 'Slouching Towards Bethlehem', a collection of Didion's
pieces from the Sixties. The book is republished on 25 January as a Flamingo
paperback, as is 'The White Album', a collection of her pieces from the
Seventies, each at pounds 6.99. A new book, 'Sentimental Journeys', a collection
of her Eighties journalism, is published next week by HarperCollins at pounds
15.

(Photograph omitted)


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                              758 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 19, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

The McKay Report: An Ambiguous Conclusion to a 14-Month Investigation;
PROSECUTOR FINDS MEESE IN THE CLEAR IN MAJOR SCANDALS

BYLINE: By PHILIP SHENON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 2266 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 18


An independent prosecutor said today that Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d had
probably broken the law in managing his personal finances, but he essentially
exonerated Mr. Meese of wrongdoing in two major government scandals.

The prosecutor, James C. McKay, said in a report that he would not bring
criminal charges against Mr. Meese for willfully filing a false tax return, in
part because he believed that the Attorney General intended to pay the taxes
eventually. [Excerpts from the prosecutor's report, page A21.] Mr. Meese
understated the taxes he owed to the Government for 1985 by nearly $3,500, the
prosecutor said.

Meese Issues Rebuttal

Mr. McKay's report, which provoked an indignant rebuttal by Mr. Meese to the
suggestion he had broken the law, brings a 14-month investigation of the
Attorney General's personal and official conduct to an ambiguous conclusion.
[Excerpts from Meese's rebuttal, page A22.] Supporters contended today that Mr.
Meese, who has announced his intention to step down, has been vindicated.
Opponents on Capitol Hill and elsewhere said the prosecutor had shown that the
Attorney General was insensitive to his ethical obligations.

Mr. McKay said previously that he did not intend to seek to indict Mr. Meese in
two matters that had long been the focus of his investigation: the Attorney
General's involvement in a $1 billion Iraqi pipeline project and his ties to the
Wedtech Corporation, a Bronx militry contractor.

Wedtech Scandal

And in his report today, Mr. McKay said there was insufficient evidence to show
that Mr. Meese took bribes or illegal gratuities in the Wedtech scandal or
violated Federal laws against bribing foreign officials in the pipeline matter.

In regard to Wedtech, the exoneration came in this language, ''The independent
counsel has determined that the available evidence is insufficient to support a
conclusion that Mr. Meese violated any of these laws.'' On the pipeline, the
report said there was ''insufficient evidence'' to conclude that Mr. Meese had
broken the law.

At the same time, the document raised new questions about the ethical conduct of
the Attorney General, asserting that he willfully filed the false tax return for
1985.

Mr. McKay also determined that Mr. Meese, whom he repeatedly faulted for
sloppiness in his personal finances, had probably violated Federal
conflict-of-interest laws when his family held telephone company stock worth
thousands of dollars at a time when he was reviewing telecommunications policy
at the Justice Department.

The 814-page report concluded that despite the apparent criminal violations,
other evidence tended to support the Attorney General's contention that if
errors were made, they were not motivated by venality. Mr. McKay's investigation
cost $1.7 million.

At a news conference, Mr. Meese, who has announced plans to resign later this
summer, said he was ''appalled'' by the conclusion he had probably violated
Federal laws. He accused the independent prosecutor of violating ''every
principle of fairness and decency.''

''I have always acted legally, ethically and properly,'' Mr. Meese said. ''And
any indication by the independent counsel that I have in any way violated any
law is absolutely false.

''To have the idea foisted upon the American people, a false implication of
wrongdoing, is absolutely at odds with every principle of our system of
justice.''

At a separate gathering with reporters, Nathan Lewin, one of the Attorney
General's lawyers, referred to Mr. McKay's findings as those of a ''hit and run
driver; it's a very cheap shot.''

In a statement, President Reagan said he was ''pleased that after extensive
scrutiny, the independent counsel did not charge the Attorney General with any
criminal wrongdoing.'' The White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, added, that
''as he has said before, the President feels Ed Meese has been an outstanding
Attorney General.''

Thurmond Questions Judgment

But one longtime supporter of Mr. Meese, Senator Strom Thurmond of South
Carolina, the ranking Republican on the Judiciary committee, said, ''It appears
from the special counsel's report that the Attorney General did not exercise
good judgment in a number of instances.''

In his voluminous report, Mr. McKay, a registered Democrat who says he has never
been politically active, portrays the Attorney General as repeatedly indifferent
to the appearance of impropriety, a habitually disorganized public servant whose
judgment was often clouded by the influence of friends and colleagues.

Mr. McKay's report had originally been scheduled for release last week; lawyers
with knowledge of the investigation said the prosecutor had hoped the report
would be public before today, when it might be overshadowed by the start of the
Democratic National Convention in Atlanta.

At the request of lawyers for Mr. Meese, however, the release date was put off
until this week to allow them extra time to reproduce copies of a 105-page
rebuttal that was also made public today.

Investigations Continue

A copy of Mr. McKay's report has already been forwarded to the Justice
Department, which is expected to consider an internal investigation to determine
whether Mr. Meese violated the department's own ethics regulations.

The Office of Government Ethics as well as lawmakers are continuing their
separate investigations of the Attorney General's conduct.

On July 9, in an article based on large portions of Mr. McKay's report, The New
York Times provided considerable new information about Mr. Meese's involvement
in the $1 billion Iraqi pipeline project and about Mr. Meese's ties to the
Wedtech Corporation, which has been linked to a far-ranging scheme to bribe
public officials. Mr. McKay's investigation had focused on whether the Attorney
General knew of a purported bribery scheme designed to win Israel's support for
the pipeline project.

In the portions of the report in The Times, Mr. McKay found that the
''admissible evidence is insufficient to conclude'' that Mr. Meese believed that
payoffs would be made to Israeli officials. Government leaders in Israel have
vigorously denied any knowledge of such a scheme. The pipeline was never built.

Mr. Meese's lawyers said in their rebuttal today that the prosecutor's review of
the pipeline allegations had been a ''mammothly feckless venture.'' ''This is
probably the most poorly conceived, ill-founded and wasteful use of
investigative resources in the history of American law enforcement,'' the
rebuttal said of the pipeline inquiry.

On Wedtech, Mr. McKay's report found that the ''currently available evidence
does not show any criminal wrongdoing by Mr. Meese in relation'' to the company.
Mr. McKay did find, however, that Mr. Meese and his staff were ''instrumental''
in helping Wedtech win a $32 million Army contract that was awarded without
bidding.

Tax Return for 1985 Cited

In the portions of the report released today, perhaps the most important
disclosure was that of Mr. Meese's failure to file an accurate tax return for
1985.

''A trier of fact would probably conclude beyond a reasonable doubt that Mr.
Meese willfully permitted a materially false tax return to be filed for him''
that failed to declare $20,706 in capital gains from the sale of stock, Mr.
McKay said.

''The independent counsel has determined that a trier of fact would probably
reject a defense that Mr. Meese in good faith believed he was in full compliance
with the law,'' the report said. The report provides this account: Mr. Meese and
his wife, Ursula, turned over nearly $55,000 worth of stock in the spring of
1985 to W. Franklyn Chinn, their investment manager.

Mr. Chinn sold the stock, most of which had been inherited from Mrs. Meese's
mother, and reported the details to the Attorney General in March 1986, shortly
before the deadline for filing the Meeses' 1985 tax return.

The Meeses realized a net capital gain of $20,706 from the stock. They owed
$3,479 in taxes. They were granted an extention for filing their return until
Oct. 15, 1986. A week before the October deadline, Mr. Meese told his
accountant, John R. McKean, that he had sold the securities in 1985.

But the Attorney General did not identify the securities or tell Mr. McKean the
amount of money realized from the sale, information that would be needed to
calculate the capital gain. Mr. Meese had not located the information at that
time.

Mr. Meese was about to leave on an extended trip, and Mr. McKean suggested, and
the Attorney General agreed, that the return should be filed by the Oct. 15
deadline without any reference to the stock sale, and that an amendment return
disclosing the capital gains would be filed as soon as possible.

According to the independent prosecutor, Mr. Meese's decision to file the return
without reference to the sale of the shares was probably a violation of Federal
tax laws. The report said that Mr. Meese should have declared the capital gains
income on his return filed Oct. 15, 1986, and because he did not, the return
''was materially false.''

Amended Return Filed

Mr. Meese did eventually file an amended return, but not until February of this
year, nearly 15 months after the original tax return was sent to the Internal
Revenue Service.

Mr. McKay noted without elaboration that the return was filed about a week after
prosecutors scheduled a grand jury appearance for Mr. McKean, the accountant.

The report listed several reasons why Mr. McKay had decided not to bring an
indictment on the tax matter, including his finding that Mr. Meese had
apparently intended to pay the taxes eventaully.

The prosecutor also said his investigation of Mr. Meese's tax returns from 1981
to 1986 showed that the Attorney General ''appears in all other respects to have
complied with his tax obligations.'' Mr. McKay added, ''The absense of a pattern
of noncompliance is a factor that weighs heavily in the taxpayer's favor.''

In their rebuttal, Mr. Meese's lawyers said: ''It is evidence that Mr. Meese
relied in good faith on his accountant. It is plain that Mr. McKay is now
charging Mr. Meese with criminal conduct for the sole reason that his accountant
gave him the wrong advice.''

Mr. McKean, the accountant, said in a statement today that he had not intended
to mislead the Internal Revenue Service.

On the question of the telephone company stock, Mr. McKay found that the
Attorney General probably violated the law when he held onto the shares in the
regional Bell telephone companies while overseeing Justice Department
telecommunications policies.

Federal conflict-of-interest laws prohibit officials of the executive branch
from participating in matters in which they have a financial interest.

Yet while he held onto nearly $10,000 worth of stock, the prosecutor found, Mr.
Meese did become involved in development of a plan to deal with the breakup of
American Telephone and Telegraph into the regional telephone companies.

'Reasons Not to Prosecute'

But Mr. McKay said he found ''compelling reasons not to prosecute.''

''There is no evidence that Mr. Meese acted from motivation for personal gain,''
the report said. ''He took steps, albeit ineffective, to divest himself of his
financial interest'' in the stock.

In the rebuttal, Mr. Meese's lawyers said the independent prosecutor had
misconstrued the evidence and that the Attorney General had believed that
ownership of the shares was transferred to his financial adviser, Mr. Chinn, in
May 1985, before Mr. Meese became involved in telephone policies at the Justice
Department.

''Mr. Meese showed time and again that he actually believed he had no ownership
interest,'' the lawyers said. ''Mr. McKay is entirely wrong in his analysis of
the law.''

Much of Mr. McKay's report centers on the relationship between Mr. Meese and his
close friend and former lawyer, E. Robert Wallach, a San Francisco lawyer who
was involved in most of the allegations that were under scrutiny by Mr. McKay.

The report detailed several instances in which Mr. Meese was called upon to
assist Mr. Wallach in projects in which he had, or eventually had, a financial
interest. Mr. Wallach received more than $100,000 to represent a Swiss financier
who was a key proponent of the pipeline proposal.

Mr. McKay said in his report that ''there are some notable coincidences in the
timing of Mr. Meese's acceptance of things of value directly or indirectly from
Mr. Wallach and some of the official acts done by Mr. Meese that benefited Mr.
Wallach.''

The report added, ''There is nothing inherent in any of the things of value
accepted by Mr. Meese from Mr. Wallach, or in the circumstances of Mr. Meese's
acceptance of them, that constitutes sufficient evidence to determine that they
were accepted as unlawful gratuities.''

Mr. Wallach, who became a paid consultant to Wedtech, has been indicted in New
York on influence-peddling charges involving the military contractor, which is
now being reorganized under the bankruptcy law. Mr. Chinn, an investment adviser
to both Mr. Wallach and Mr. Meese, became a director of Wedtech, and he has also
been charged in the case.

Mr. McKay's report disclosed that Mr. Wallach received a $200,000 loan this year
from a Washington businessman, Howard Bender, at about the time investigators
looked into their roles in obtaining a job for Mr. Meese's wife.

Mr. McKay concluded that Mr. Wallach and Mr. Bender ''may have had ulterior
motives'' for their roles in arranging the $40,000-a-year position for Mrs.
Meese at the Multiple Sclerosis Society.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Edwin Meese; James C. McKay (NYT/Paul Hosefros); E. Robert
Wallach (pg. A21) (AP, 1976); W. Franklyn Chinn (pg. A21) (AP)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              759 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 14, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Review: 'Fort Tilden,' a Comic Odyssey to the Beach

BYLINE: By ANDY WEBSTER

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 296 words


Take the potty-mouthed, woman-centric millennial sensibility of HBO's ''Girls,''
turn down the drama and turn up the comic amorality, and you have ''Fort
Tilden,'' the highly amusing debut feature from Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles
Rogers. Rarely has a movie so humorously illustrated the meaning of ''frenemy.''

When Harper (Bridey Elliott), the petulant, chronically impulsive daughter of an
affluent father, and Allie (Clare McNulty), her comparatively responsible but
equally self-obsessed roommate, meet two guys at a rooftop party in
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, they resolve to bicycle the next day to the Fort Tilden
beach in Queens to meet them. But en route, they encounter assorted
distractions: an errand to score drugs, shopping opportunities, a failed quest
for good coffee, a stolen bicycle, a fickle livery-cab driver and a bike
collision with a baby carriage whose occupant has parents even more demanding
than the young women. (A concerned citizen is played by Jarreau Carrillo.)

Allie, who skips a job interview with the Peace Corps, resents pestering calls
from her point of contact; Harper -- well, she's just annoyed by anything
smacking of personal accountability.

This picaresque lark benefits from sunny locations, a percolating rhythm and the
tart chemistry of its principals. Ms. McNulty, a skillful performer in her own
right, must take a back seat to Ms. Elliott, an Upright Citizens Brigade regular
and the daughter of the comedian Chris Elliott. Her fearless willingness to
embody venality has a magnetism all its own.

''Fort Tilden'' is rated R (under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult
guardian). Nudity, drug use and acutely ribald language.

Fort Tilden

Opens on Friday

Directed by Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers

1 hour 35 minutes




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/14/movies/review-fort-tilden-a-comic-odyssey-to-t
he-beach.html

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Clare McNulty, left, and Bridey Elliott as New Yorkers embarking
on a picaresque bike ride in ''Fort Tilden.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRIAN LANNIN/ORION
RELEASING)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              760 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       August 13, 2015 Thursday 00:00 EST

Review: 'Fort Tilden,' a Comic Odyssey to the Beach

BYLINE: ANDY WEBSTER

SECTION: MOVIES

LENGTH: 370 words



HIGHLIGHT: Two self-centered young women from New York embark on a picaresque
bike ride and encounter all sorts of complications.


Correction Appended

Take the potty-mouthed, woman-centric millennial sensibility of HBO's "Girls,"
turn down the drama and turn up the comic amorality, and you have "Fort Tilden,"
the highly amusing debut feature from Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers.
Rarely has a movie so humorously illustrated the meaning of "frenemy."

When Harper (Bridey Elliott), the petulant, chronically impulsive daughter of an
affluent father, and Allie (Clare McNulty), her comparatively responsible but
equally self-obsessed roommate, meet two guys at a rooftop party in
Williamsburg, Brooklyn, they resolve to bicycle the next day to the Fort Tilden
beach in Queens to meet them. But en route, they encounter assorted
distractions: an errand to score drugs, shopping opportunities, a failed quest
for good coffee, a stolen bicycle, a fickle livery-cab driver and a bike
collision with a baby carriage whose occupant has parents even more demanding
than the young women. (A concerned citizen is played by Jarreau Carrillo.)

Allie, who skips a job interview with the Peace Corps, resents pestering calls
from her point of contact; Harper - well, she's just annoyed by anything
smacking of personal accountability.

This picaresque lark benefits from sunny locations, a percolating rhythm and the
tart chemistry of its principals. Ms. McNulty, a skillful performer in her own
right, must take a back seat to Ms. Elliott, an Upright Citizens Brigade regular
and the daughter of the comedian Chris Elliott. Her fearless willingness to
embody venality has a magnetism all its own.

"Fort Tilden" is rated R (under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult
guardian). Nudity, drug use and acutely ribald language.

Fort Tilden

Opens on Friday

Directed by Sarah-Violet Bliss and Charles Rogers

1 hour 35 minutes


Correction: August 15, 2015, Saturday

This article has been revised to reflect the following correction: A film review
on Friday about "Fort Tilden" misidentified the actor who plays the "concerned
citizen." He is Jarreau Carrillo, not Reggie Watts. (Mr. Watts plays himself in
the film.)

PHOTO: Clare McNulty, left, and Bridey Elliott as New Yorkers embarking on a
picaresque bike ride in "Fort Tilden." (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRIAN LANNIN/ORION
RELEASING)

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Paying a steep price for Ferrari history;
Auction netted $1.8-million for a rare sports car classic

BYLINE: BOB ENGLISH

SECTION: GLOBE MEGAWHEELS; CLASSIC CARS / 1951 FERRARI 212 EXPORT CABRIOLET; Pg.
D18

LENGTH: 1015 words


In mid-March, many owners of classic cars make a pilgrimage to Amelia Island off
the northern cost of Florida, line up their cherished machines on its pristine
green golf links and take part in the annual Concours d'Elegance, but others
arrive driven by another motivation.

The cars they're interested in are similar, but the setting is decidedly
different and far less sedate - this crowd packs a large marquee set up by the
Gooding & Co. auction house, which every year knocks down millions of dollars'
worth of collector cars to the highest bidders.

This year, those bidders wrote cheques for almost $18-million (U.S.) to acquire
70 vehicles of all styles and vintages: $1,705,000 for a Lamborghini Miura P400
SV; $1,320,000 for a 1973 Ferrari 365 GT/4 Daytona Coupe; $1,155,000 for a 1967
Ferrari 275 GTB/4 and $770,000 for a 1955 Bentley R-Type Continental Fastback.

But the highest bid the Gooding gavel cracked down on was for $1,870,000 (U.S.)
- alone accounting for more than a tenth of the take - which acquired a piece of
early Ferrari history for its new owner in the Italianesque form of a 1951 212
Export Cabriolet, one of the legendary marque's earliest sports cars.

The level of passion that hopefully drove this purchase - surely not mere
investment-driven venality - is something the little Vignale-bodied, open
two-seater sports car has seemingly always inspired.

Its creators were undoubtedly fuelled by it (and perhaps lubricated by a little
lunchtime Lambrusco) as they created its engine and chassis alongside those of
soon to be legendary Grand Prix cars and Le Mans racers in Ferrari's Modena
factory.

Enzo Ferrari began his career as a racer then managed the Alfa Romeo team in the
1930s, and founded the company that bears his name in 1947 to build primarily
the racing cars he loved. But he soon grudgingly realized he had to support his
racing efforts by building street cars, fortunately finding a small but ready
market - Ferrari built only about 600 cars in its first decade.

The first post-war Ferrari sports car was the 125, which was primarily intended
for racing and followed by a series of evolutionary designs. The first true
grand touring car, with coach-built bodywork and fittings really suitable for
road use, was the 166 Inter (named for Scuderia Inter which raced Ferraris),
itself an evolution of a Mille Miglia racer.

It was superseded by the 195 Inter and the 212 Inter, which in shorter-wheelbase
form became the 212 Export, of which only 28 were built. Some spent their life
on the road, but many 212 Exports were used for racing and scored some
impressive victories.

Ferrari was known as an engine guy and considered chassis and bodywork
unavoidable appurtenances that didn't merit a lot of design time and effort.
This resulted in the absolutely wonderful V-12 engines that became the company's
trademark being fitted into cars that were often somewhat rudimentary by
contemporary standards in terms of chassis, suspension, gearboxes and brakes.

The 212 Export's engine is indeed a masterpiece. An all-alloy, 2.5-litre,
single-overhead-cam V-12 (the work of famed ingenere Gioacchino Columbo) that
inhales through a single Weber carburetor and produces 155 hp at 6,500 rpm, fed
to the rear wheels by a five-speed gearbox. Those used for racing got three
Webers and made about 175 hp. They were good for about 225 km/h and got to 100
km/h in about seven seconds.

But Columbo's superb V-12 was fitted into a simple tube chassis with independent
front suspension, a live-axle at the back and drum brakes all round. Ferrari's
mechanics bolted all this together in June of 1951 and shipped it to the Vignale
studio in Turin.

There Alfredo Vignale created the styling and his artisans performed their metal
magic to form its wonderfully curvaceous bodywork. It was one of just two
originally given cabriolet bodywork.

Particularly elegant is the alloy windshield surround, while giving the front
end a dramatic look is the tubular grille that integrates a pair of Marchal
driving lights. The wheels are polished alloy outside-lace, Borrani wires. The
car is finished in black over dark green and is trimmed in green leather inside,
including the deep bucket seats. The driver views large, alloy-rimmed
speedometer and tach through a wood-rimmed wheel.

This car was first owned by Italian Count Sanseverino before finding its way by
1960 to England where it caught the eye of a young sports car enthusiast, David
Clarke, for whom it proved life-altering.

Clarke spotted it at a dealership and although wary of its exotic status
purchased it and drove it enthusiastically and apparently often very quickly for
the next four decades. When he could make the time, that is, after establishing
London-based Ferrari distributorship GrayPaul Motors and becoming a close
associate of Enzo Ferrari himself.

On Clarke's death, the car was sold in 2002 to an American collector who
refurbished what was basically an original car, rebuilding the mechanicals,
painting it and re-doing the interior to bring it to a state that its current
owner felt it was worth almost $2-million.

globedrive@globeandmail.com

*****

BACK IN 1951

* Ferrari's Formula One team had been around for just a year when it scored its
first victory in 1951 with Jose Froilan Gonzalez taking the flag from Juan
Manuel Fangio at Silverstone in the British Grand Prix.

* It was a good year for movie goers with Walt Disney releasing Alice in
Wonderland, MGM its Technicolor version of the musical Show Boat and Paramount
giving them a scare with When Worlds Collide.

* Dennis the Menace made his debut in the comic strip written by Hank Ketcham,
which is still running today in 1,000 newspapers in 48 countries in 19
languages.

* Princess Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh came to Canada on the future
monarch's first royal tour of the country.

* In South Korea, Canada's Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry regiment
(and Australian units) heroically held off a full division of Chinese People's
Liberation Army troops in one of the war's decisive battles.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            June 30, 2010 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Spies Like Us

SECTION: Issues & Insights; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 710 words


Intelligence: The Justice Department's surprise roundup of 11 Russian "illegals"
acting as unregistered foreign agents is being dismissed as irrelevant to the
Obama administration's "reset button" with Russia. We doubt it.

Late Monday, the FBI shut down a major ring of Russian "illegals," a term used
to describe agents who burrow deep in American society, blend in with the locals
over years, perform spylike tasks and otherwise await orders from Moscow.

"You were sent to USA for long-term service trip. Your education, bank accounts,
car, house, etc. -- all these serve one goal: fulfill your main mission, i.e.,
to search and develop ties in policymaking circles in U.S. and sent intels
(intelligence reports) to C(enter)," reads a choppy computer message decoded by
the FBI from Moscow's SVR spy agency to two of the now-busted illegals.

Using more rarefied tools than, say, al-Qaida does, the Russians used private
Wi-Fi connections, elaborate brush passes at train stations, foreign meetings
and dead drops, all tools of the Cold War, used in earnest back when things were
dangerous.

One could almost marvel at the contrast between the elaborate tradecraft and the
low value of the actual intelligence produced in the openness of U.S. society in
the era of Google.

One could laugh at the venality of the illegals, pestering their Russian
intelligence masters to help them pay their back taxes or buy them houses so
they could blend in better with Americans.

One could also marvel at the surreptitiousness of the Russians in search of
policy information, as if that information weren't available from a mere phone
call to the State Department or even by hiring a top private intelligence
service such as StratFor.

It's as if a bunch of dinosaurs in Moscow have trouble believing any information
unless it's stolen.

But make no mistake: Maintaining these sleeper networks was an act of an enemy.
Had there been an incident between the U.S. and Russia, they could have been
activated for more nefarious tasks than what they were caught doing.

They've also picked up the tempo in the last three years.

According to Reuters: "Senior British officials reported that Russian spying in
London was now "at Cold War levels' and reportedly involved half of the
accredited Russian Embassy staff. British counterintelligence said it had seen
"no decrease' in Russian agents in Britain since the end of the Cold War and
that battling their efforts was distracting the agency from the menace posed by
al-Qaida."

You can bet if they're doing that to the Brits, they're doing it to us.

It ought to be a wake-up call about Russia, given that President Obama had gone
out of his way to press the "reset" button with Russia, even munching through
"hamburger diplomacy" with visiting President Dmitri Medvedev over the weekend.

The reality is nothing has changed.

Russia is the same country that votes against the U.S. on Iran, not out of
contradictory interests, but to check the U.S. global leadership. It's the
nation that brutally invaded Georgia in 2007, without consequence. It has
poisoned dissidents in London and gotten away with that, too, as well as cut off
gas to a freezing Western Europe. And it's now fomenting unrest on Kyrgyzstan in
a bid to undermine the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan.

Russian officials say the arrests are simply an effort by Cold War elements to
refreeze U.S.-Russia relations.

If that's the case, why were they spying on the U.S. at all? The FBI, meanwhile,
pointed out that the takedown of the network was activated when one of the
sleeper agents tried to flee the country.

All of that contrasts sharply with the business-as-usual attitude expressed from
the State Department.

"We're beyond the Cold War," said Assistant Secretary of State Philip Gordon at
a press conference Tuesday. "I think our relations absolutely demonstrate that.
But I don't think anyone was hugely shocked to know that some vestiges of old
attempts to use intelligence are still there."

Instead of pressing the reset button, the arrests ought to be a wake-up call.

How many other sleeper networks are still out there? How many other espionage
penetrations of a more malevolent kind are there? And when will we ever know
that Russia intends to start interacting with us honorably?

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              May 13, 2005 Friday
                                 First Edition

Dark days in the sunshine state

BYLINE: Jim Nolan Jim Nolan left Queensland in 1973. He is a Sydney barrister.

SECTION: REVIEW; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2800 words


Jim Nolan on the journey south

In his obituary of Alabama governor and failed presidential candidate George
Wallace, Ken Ringle of The Washington Post said that "to national politicians
and journalists peering nervously from above the Mason Dixon line 30 years ago,
Wallace was the Dracula of racial animosity a dark knight of the Southern soul
ever threatening to harness the power of evil to enslave the land". This
depiction carried a two-edged quality which no doubt was lost on many
contemporary readers especially the then still raw Wallace haters, obsessed with
his shameless and unreflective, provocative bigotry.

To me and many of my contemporaries students at the University of Queensland in
the late 1960s and early '70s Joh Bjelke-Petersen was the George Wallace of the
antipodes. Like the Wallace in Ringle's depiction, Bjelke-Petersen was at one
and the same time the living and breathing exemplar of parish pump venality
shamelessly parading as piety, yet also a kind of powerful reactionary phantasm,
his power magnified by our own imagining.

Only some years after I left Queensland did a more fitting comparison strike me.
I was in Portugal after the revolution of 1975 and was the guest of members of
the political left who were jubilant at the fall of the dictatorship after so
many years. Portugal had been so recently long governed by a kind of ramshackle
authoritarianism under the dictator Antonio de Oliveira Salazar. Political
meetings were under constant surveillance in an atmosphere that ranged from
Inspector Clouseau like incompetence to occasionally truly frightening episodes
of intimidation and brutality.

While student politics in Queensland may have been needlessly paranoid in the
spirit of the age, perhaps perennially it has been truly observed that even
paranoiacs have enemies. The paranoid among us were right to feel a little
apprehensive because Bjelke-Petersen's special branch shadowed political
activities with application and conviction.

Queensland in the '70s was still a small town despite its grand geographical
spread. A measure of that smallness and consequent insularity was reflected in
the fact that I, the fire breathing student radical, fell for the daughter of
the police minister. She had been away on a training course in Melbourne for
several months and upon her return in a gesture breathtaking in retrospect for
its complete lack of romanticism I took her to a meeting of student radicals at
the home of a well known student leader. The next day she called me to say that
her father had received a report from the special branch that she had attended
this meeting with me. That the surveillance was reported in so matter of fact a
manner was indicative of the degree of shamelessness in such activities.

At that stage Max Hodges, the police minister, was still, like so many of his
colleagues, in thrall to Bjelke-Petersen. A knockabout, decent bloke who had
liked a drink and took a wonderfully generous and indulgent view of the radical
political experiments of the young, Hodges was nevertheless so impressed by
Bjelke-Petersen's personal abstemiousness that he took to drinking orange juice
. . . for a while.

The surveillance was a fact of life not a paranoid fantasy despite the fact that
none of these student radicals represented the slightest threat to anyone's
person or property. But without doubt telephone calls were made and jobs denied,
intimidation and official invasion of privacy was the order of the day.

The election of Gough Whitlam and the ALP at the federal level was closely
followed by an exodus of graduates like me who needed to reflect only for a
moment to see that there was no future in Queensland, so barren was the
intellectual climate, and so unlikely seemed the prospect of any change. A
steady emigration ensued. I left and almost all of my friends did as well
Queensland's diaspora being another of Bjelke-Petersen's unintended bequests to
the world.

Professor of journalism Alan Knight was one who left and has now returned. As a
young journalist in 1976 he was at State Parliament when Ray Whitrod resigned as
police commissioner and he recalls attending Terry Lewis's first press
conference as Whitrod's replacement. "Joh presided over a corrupt government, a
criminalised police force, a largely out to lunch official opposition and an
almost entirely acquiescent press," Knight says.

"Under Joh, anti-intellectualism was not just pervasive but government policy.
This was implemented through blacklists of critics, state censorship of books
and movies, police harassment of independent bookshops, political intervention
in school curricula, and the destruction of heritage buildings.

"Critics who stayed under these circumstances were often marginalised, harassed
and lampooned. They got angry. Some went crazy. Most left."

Ralph Tyrrell, probably Queensland's best known musician from the
Bjelke-Petersen days and another to have since returned, is incandescent with
rage about the airbrushing of Bjelke-Petersen in so many obituaries. "The arts
went down the gurgler under Joh," says Tyrell, who finally had had enough by
1975 and headed south until 1989. He wrote his sarcastic anthem "Deep North
Hillbillies" to commemorate the truth about Bjelke-Petersen. "Deep North
Hillbillies, they don't make them any more" expresses perhaps more hope than
conviction especially after what Tyrell sees as the populist acquiescence of
Labor Premier Peter Beattie in the mythologising of Bjelke-Petersen.

Queensland Board of Studies director Kim Bannikoff is another former exile with
painful memories of the excesses of Bjelke-Petersen's oppressive state:

"Few people appreciate the level of police harassment of students back then,"
Bannikoff says. "One well known student radical was picked up by the police one
night and beaten and threatened with a gun. He was too traumatised to go
public."

There were other forms of harassment. "I had continually lost jobs, 15 in 18
months," Bannikoff says. "I was later to find out that this was thanks to the
special branch and a unit working in the university administration. The special
branch repeatedly approached employers with information (much of it
manufactured) that led to me being sacked."

And there was the cultural claustrophobia: "The quality of public debate and the
cultural life of Brisbane were both affected by the level of censorship and
repression. A small example was the raiding and banning of a play called Norm
and Ahmed which explored relationships between different cultures and used what
people would now refer to as 'low level coarse language'. Another would be the
attack on the student disco Foco by the old Sunday Truth which reduced
attendances to an unsustainable level. There are many more.

"At the ripe old age of 21, I was heartily sick of the struggle. I felt that I
didn't want my life defined by a struggle in opposition to what was happening. I
didn't want to be a radical defined by what I was opposed to. I wanted to be a
person who was defined by what I sought to achieve. I left and made my way to
Melbourne where I stayed for the next 20 years."

Those who stayed as the '70s wore on found that things had not so much not
changed, but had actually got worse.

In 1976 a small student demonstration sparked an incident which underscored
Bjelke-Petersen's steadily growing authoritarianism. An ugly police assault on a
student was met by calls for an inquiry. Despite an undertaking by the
well-respected commissioner Whitrod that there would be an inquiry,
Bjelke-Petersen announced that there would be no such thing. A young law
student, Mark Plunkett, challenged the premier's direction to the police
commissioner. The long-winded and ultimately futile legal challenge was quickly
overtaken by events. Both police minister Hodges and his appointee Whitrod had
been displaying unusual and it turned out, courageous, independence, but not for
much longer. Hodges was sacked and replaced by a bumbling Bjelke-Petersen
cipher. Whitrod exited in short order and was replaced by the infamously corrupt
Lewis.

Plunkett's case foundered on a procedural point but not before it went all the
way to the High Court. True to form, Bjelke-Petersen was ruthless in victory he
pursued the impecunious law student to recover his considerable legal costs,
costs which of course, were always going to be underwritten by Queensland
taxpayers.

ABC journalist Chris Masters's Moonlight State and then the Fitzgerald inquiry
exploded the myth of Bjelke-Petersen's virtue to all but the wilfully
politically blind. The tawdry truth was, in fact, worse than many had imagined.

Many years after Fitzgerald, Bjelke-Petersen was called yet again to give
evidence, this time to the Australian Broadcasting Tribunal into Alan Bond's
notorious $400,000 defamation settlement with him. Diminished politically by
then, Bjelke-Petersen also appeared diminished physically. In contrast to Bond
with his phalanx of lawyers and corporate cheer squad, for most of the time
between formal sessions, Bjelke-Petersen was alone. As well as the Bond lawyers
and government lawyers assisting the tribunal, I was there, as counsel for the
media unions, as was Bjelke-Petersen's erstwhile prosecutor, Mark Plunkett, now
a barrister representing the Queensland ALP. Of all those present, Plunkett had
the most reason to despise Bjelke-Petersen.

In a long adjournment Bjelke-Petersen sat in the witness box, quietly reading
the Bible. Looking up and seeing Plunkett, he nodded recognition to which
Plunkett responded. Soon Bjelke-Petersen was deep in conversation with his one
time nemesis complaining bitterly about his former colleagues and Queensland
premier and National Party leader Mike Ahearn who according to Bjelke-Petersen
"didn't have a clue". They had no experience in business "not like you Mark you
have to run your practice". The ex-premier cut a pathetic and disarming, but not
apologetic, figure. We got a glimpse of a different Bjelke-Petersen, wounded
yes, but now cast in his newly self-created role of victim.

When the hearing resumed the best cross examiners failed to strike a blow cross
examining Bjelke-Petersen was like wrestling a blancmange.

Plunkett recalls that moment as one that revealed a congenial and almost
vulnerable Bjelke-Petersen but pulls himself up with the observation that this
apparently benign figure was the same one who had paid back his political
enemies in a particularly vindictive and personally spiteful manner without a
moment's hesitation. The bill of indictment on this score fills pages but two
particularly ugly examples were the 1977 cancellation of the Fred Hollows
trachoma program with an immediate calamitous impact on Aboriginal health
(Hollows workers had had the temerity to encourage Aborigines to enrol to vote).
The other was the dismissal in 1985 of striking electricity workers and the
confiscation of their superannuation with complete indifference to the plight of
their families.

As repulsive as Bjelke-Petersen's era was, it was far from all his own work. He
cunningly capitalised on an already tired, reactionary and closed culture in
which the Queensland Labor Party was a paid up member. There was little
difference in social and political outlook between Bjelke-Petersen and her
majesty's opposition.

I still recall the lead-up to the 1972 federal election when Bjelke-Petersen
hastily convened the Queensland Parliament for one of its rare sittings. His
purpose was to provide an opportunity for the conservatives to attack under
parliamentary privilege the threat they saw in a figure like Whitlam. Health
minister Seymour Tooth (a Liberal) launched a swingeing attack on Bill Hayden,
then a young Queenslander who had crafted federal Labor's vote-winning health
platform which became the universal care system called Medibank.

Remember that these events occurred in the critical few weeks before a federal
election which was the most important for federal Labor in 23 years.

The state opposition health spokesman rose in response to Tooth's attack not to
defend Hayden but to explain lamely that he was not acquainted with federal
Labor's policy and that he would refer Tooth's comments to Hayden. It was at
about that time that I decided to move south.

The spectacularly inept opposition brings to mind another American comparison. A
slogan of the 1964 Goldwater campaign was "In your heart you know he's right".
The sentiment gives a good sense of Bjelke-Petersen's acceptance and successes
across the political divide in Queensland in those years. Although in the US,
the wags responded "in your guts you know he's nuts", Queensland Labor was in
such a pitiable state that few of them would have seen the joke. The majority
would have bought the message lock stock and barrel, because they too were
mesmerised by Bjelke-Petersen. Despite superficial objections, they did a great
impersonation of persons who "in their hearts" thought he was just fine. Arch
conservatism, the corporate state, parish pump winner takes all politics, was as
much Labor's credo as Bjelke-Petersen's.

The premier's persona may have been repugnant, but how different was it from the
unlovely Jack Egerton the Trades Hall boss who later accepted a knighthood
acquired through Bjelke-Petersen's manipulations?

The excuse of Bjelke-Petersen's electoral gerrymander was sufficient cause for
Queensland Labor's lazy descent into demoralisation and defeat. No political
organisation had so willingly embraced the impossibility of its assigned task.

Plunkett sums up the "breakfast creek mob" the sclerotic Labor machine was aptly
called after its favourite watering hole, the Breakfast Creek Hotel as a
"brotherhood of boozing boofheads".

Thanks to the lonely perseverance of the late, great, Denis Murphy, a university
lecturer much despised by the Labor establishment, Labor slowly turned round,
eventually finding a new, young leader in Wayne Goss. Fitzgerald and Goss
finally slew the dragon of Bjelke-Petersen's gerrymander.

Contrary to what many of my contemporaries and I expected, there has been a
refreshing absence of cant at least from Bjelke-Petersen's much despised
"southern press" in marking the old rogue's death.

But no surprise, the editorial obituary in Brisbane's Sunday Mail took nausea to
new levels. Bjelke-Petersen's image stands burnished in a piece of dishonest,
cheap, hagiography worthy of something one might have read in the former East
Germany. Its observation that "perhaps as the result of his strict personal and
religious beliefs, Joh did not fully understand the role of democratic protest",
is beyond parody. It would, in another context, approach the heights of Swiftean
satire. Sadly however this bilge was apparently meant sincerely.

Like the Sunday Mail, too many politicians stand condemned for hesitating to
speak the truth about a shameful era presided over by a shameless crook.
Bjelke-Petersen had a habit of humiliating both his allies and his opponents
typified in the sickly reverential treatment now accorded him by Beattie and
Prime Minister John Howard (who had reason to despise him if only for the absurd
but for Howard politically debilitating "Joh for Canberra" campaign). Is this
the continuing vindication if posthumous of Bjelke-Petersen's shamelessness?

As obituary writers struggle for comparisons, those with George Wallace, at
first blush tempting, are, on reflection, wholly inapt. Wallace had the decency
to recant his earlier racism. Bjelke-Petersen on the other hand regretted
nothing and considered that he had nothing to apologise for. In the face of
incontrovertible evidence of outright corruption, Bjelke-Petersen's only impulse
was to try desperately to close down the Fitzgerald inquiry, but by then even
his colleagues had had enough. Shameless to the end, however, he launched a
bizarre compensation claim against the state of Queensland for $353 million, a
claim rejected in October 2003.

As for the Portugal comparison, of course there were differences with Queensland
not least its vast natural resources and that as a part of a federal nation,
thankfully it could only ever be the ballast in the ship of state, not the ship
itself.

Bjelke-Petersen was the exemplar of the pious hypocrite, the self-declared model
of simple virtues who conspicuously failed to distinguish between right and
wrong in the simplest of matters capable of being grasped by the slowest school
child. Lacking the capacity for elementary self reflection and reproach,
dogmatically rigid and cold hearted, he was unforgiving of others and spiteful
and ruthless to the end in the racket of his own self preservation. Graham
Richardson's infamous political dictum "whatever it takes" was surely more truly
Bjelke-Petersen's leitmotif to the end. Joh Bjelke-Petersen the Salazar of the
Sunshine State.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Photograph: DAVE HUNT/AAP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2005 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 23, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

TELEVISION;
What TV Drama Is Teaching Our Children

BYLINE: By HERBERT LONDON; Herbert London is dean of New York University's
Gallatin Division, a ''Great Books'' program. His latest book, ''Armageddon in
the Classroom,'' will be published next month by University Press of America.

SECTION: Section 2; Page 23, Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1598 words


EVER SINCE THE TELEVISION age began in the 1940's, it has been a standard
bromide that those who spend hours watching this tube with moving pictures will
be influenced. Some people contend that violence and immoral behavior are
promoted by television fare; others contend that television is simply pablum for
adolescents.

I must admit to a rather vacillating posture on this matter: Some of the most
sensible people I know watch television regularly; some of the world's fools
don't watch it at all. However, one indication of the sway television can have
on young minds was impressed upon me recently when I was asked to interview a
group of high-school students about the effect of television viewing on their
social attitudes for a Public Broadcasting Service program titled ''Hollywood's
Favorite Heavy,'' an analysis of the depiction of the businessman on prime-time
TV, produced and directed by Michael Pack and Daniel Polin. For me, this
Brooklyn public-school classroom was a laboratory for testing hypotheses. The 24
youngsters were carefully selected, since the producers were eager to avoid both
upper-crust high-school students with predictable views and adolescents unable
to express themselves much beyond ''ya know.''

What I heard was, and remains, astonishing. Based on the limited sample of
students with whom I chatted in a pair of four-hour conversations, I am
convinced that television is having a profound effect on the values (I prefer
the word principles) of young Americans. I am aware, of course, that much
research, both pro and con, exists on television's influence and that this
sampling was on a decidedly small scale. Yet, despite the fact that these
youngsters from different economic strata, ethnic groups and races agreed that
most programming is fictional or at least unrelated to reality, their opinions
regarding behavior, to a surprising degree, are clearly influenced by the
characters and plots they had watched on television. Seemingly, today's
television heroes - and heroines - whose immoral behavior is often sumptuously
rewarded have become role models for many young Americans.

It also became apparent to me during these discussions that such traditional
sources for imparting principles as family, church, associations and peers are
competing with television. As one young woman noted, Alexis of ''Dynasty'' ''is
bad. Like she's evil. She's vicious and bold and glamorous. And she's everything
that any woman would want to be.'' When I inquired if that included her
calculating behavior, the student replied, ''Yes, that too. She gets whatever
she wants.'' One of her classmates, speaking of the character J. R. Ewing of
''Dallas,'' added, ''I sort of admire the way he can just corrupt everybody and
not even let it affect him.'' After watching clips from several programs in
which the venality of businessmen was illustrated, I asked if businessmen
actually behave in the manner depicted on these programs. Most students answered
affirmatively. One student noted: ''I don't think a businessman is ever
satisfied. He's got more money than Rockefeller and he's still going on trying
to get more money and more power.'' When I asked if the businessmen they know
behave this way, most responded negatively.

When I took this a step further and asked the class if it would dump chemicals
into a town sewer system or sell illegal drugs in order to save a failing
business enterprise, one young man argued: ''If I was in the same situation, I
would definitely do it. I'd like to say that I wouldn't, but that would be
lying, knowing true human nature.'' A female student replied, ''If they offered
me a certain amount of money, then I would.''

When I inquired if they would draw the line on such behavior at a certain point,
another student replied, ''If it's a family member or just a close friend you
would know - I just couldn't do it if I had to think of it in those terms. Any
other terms, I would jump on it.'' Another young woman concurred: ''If it
wouldn't harm people that were relatives and family, I'd do it.'' Yet another
student noted: ''I would blackmail and do everything, but when it came to
cheating on my husband or doing something that'll affect my family, I wouldn't
do it.''

At that point, I asked if these students would engage in immoral practices as a
last resort to keep their business functioning. Not one person in the class
dissented.

The rationalization for these actions was instructive. While these students
argued that their parents would censure such deeds, in ''this world of dog eat
dog,'' such deeds were, they added, ''necessary.'' Necessity, however, appeared
to be a function of the very same television programming these students
described as fiction. Insinuating itself into our conversations was the extent
to which nighttime soap-opera characters serve as models to be emulated. Moral
relativism and extremely pragmatic concerns manifest in such series as ''Knots
Landing,'' ''Dallas'' and ''Dynasty'' were used as evidence of a diminished
moral sense, which these students maintain must be observed in order ''to get
ahead.'' For young viewers like these it would seem that, to an extraordinary
degree, ''the way things are'' is the way things are depicted in television
programs.

Moreover, there appeared to be consensus that if you can get away with certain
actions - as television heroes regularly do - that translate into wealth, status
and power, then the stigma of immorality is mitigated by rewards. Do the ends
justify the means? Yes, say writers for television programs, and yes, say
students who watch television regularly.

In fact, a moral sensibility about what is right and wrong does exist with these
students, in the same way it exists with most television characters. What is
troubling is that the bounds of appropriate behavior have been stretched to
incorporate deceit, adultery, blackmail - behavior frequently condoned on
television. And while the dictates of drama may suggest the use of these kinds
of themes, what distinguishes contemporary television drama from other mediums
is its constant repetition of those themes week after week and with essentially
the same cast of characters.

One member of the class argued that television is unrealistic, ''but I guess it
gives us ideas.'' This view seems to be borne out by expert opinion. George
Gerbner, dean of the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of
Pennsylvania and a longtime analyst of the relationship between television and
society, has observed: ''If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry
about who makes its laws. Today, television tells most of the stories to most of
the people most of the time.'' As Professor Gerbner also notes, ''television is
the most pervasive medium we have and most people consider what they see on
television as the norm, as the standard.''

S. Robert Lichter, director of the Center for Media and Public Affairs, a
nonprofit research organization in Washington, D. C., contends: ''Now, you have
these soap characters, like J. R. or Alexis, who week after week do nasty things
and may be thwarted but come back on to try again and are often successful and
have become kind of culture heroes.'' The message is abundantly clear: Immoral
behavior that pays off is acceptable for the new-age television hero.

While much of the empirical evidence that attempts to link this television
''hero'' to adolescent attitudes is fragmentary, it is nonetheless somewhat
persuasive. Bruno Bettelheim, the child psychologist, has said, ''A particular
problem I have with television is that it deals in stereotypes, and that is
devastating to the intelligent development of young people. Television
characters go through life unchanged by their experiences. Major things happen
to them, and in the next segment they're exactly the same person they were
before.''

For Dr. Bettelheim, the worst aspect of this television imagery is that children
''lose the ability to learn from reality because life experiences are more
complicated than the ones they see on the screen, and there is no one who comes
in at the end to explain it all.''

Perhaps it is time for television writers, directors, producers and programmers
to take greater note of the effect their dramas may have on the young, for there
is something at stake that is ultimately more important than ratings: the moral
vitality of the nation. After talking to these high-school students, who were
charming, resourceful and typical in most respects, I was shocked. I had not
realized how far down the slippery slope of moral relativism we have come.

More importantly perhaps, I had not appreciated the degree to which television
influences adolescent principles. Seemingly, television creates a moral reality
of its own through its indirect and occasionally direct attack on the
Judeo-Christian tradition. The students interviewed may well change their views
- as many adolescents do - when they get older. My fear, however, emanates from
the chance that change may not occur, that the effect of television is more
deep-seated than its well-wishers have been willing to admit.

Nelson Goodman, the philosopher, once observed that ''worlds are made not only
by what is said literally but also by what is said metaphorically.'' It is not
coincidental that television is the ultimate metaphor. It has indeed created a
new world. If the students I talked with are any guide, we had better address
ourselves to this world of images before the images so affect our world that
there is nothing left to preserve.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Joan Collins; Michelle Lee; Larry Hagman

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              765 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   September 19, 2002 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

'Daedalus' aims too high with its comic historical fantasy

BYLINE: Desmond Ryan INQUIRER THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: Pg. D02

LENGTH: 537 words


Through the centuries, the arts and sciences have produced geniuses that the
rest of the world could only admire and perhaps envy.

And then there are those rare figures on a higher plane - such as Mozart,
Shakespeare and Einstein - whose prodigious gifts are simply beyond the
comprehension of mere mortals.

They compose history's shortest and most exclusive list, and one name that
inarguably belongs on it is Leonardo da Vinci. Such visionary men must live in
the world that their creativity will profoundly change, and the collision of
genius with the trials and passions of ordinary life is a tempting theme for any
writer.

It has yielded Peter Shaffer's controversial portrait of Mozart in Amadeus and
Tom Stoppard's inspired screenplay for Shakespeare in Love.

In Daedalus: A Fantasia of Leonardo da Vinci, David Davalos takes out an
artistic license of his own and tries the same humanizing process with the
artist whose life and work embody the new humanism of the Renaissance.

The piece is a comic conjecture that posits the intersection of the lives of
three men - Leonardo, Cesare Borgia and Niccolo Machiavelli - who defined a
turbulent era. It's a junction where too much traffic is going in too many
directions.

Davalos has talent and a flair for the well-turned line and an eye for the bold
theatrical surprise, but he has crowded his fantasy with so many themes that
there simply isn't room for anything more than a superficial gloss. And these
are issues that demonstrably demand more depth than they can possibly be
granted.

Daedalus is forced into abrupt gear shifts and changes of tone. Here a scene of
bawdy sexual humor vies for attention with sobering arguments about science and
moral responsibility in war. The ever-reliable Greg Wood provides a sorely
needed anchoring presence as Leonardo. His portrait of the artist is shaded with
the genuine torment of greatness engulfed by venality and corruption.

Who better to represent the latter than Borgia (Peter Pryor), the illegitimate
son of Pope Alexander VI, and Machiavelli (Scott Greer)? Daedalus is at its most
amusing when it reminds us of how little has changed between 2002 and 1502, when
the piece is set.

The dialogue is a conscious blend of a formal English and bantering modern
slang. It allows the sly suggestion that Borgia and Machiavelli would have felt
perfectly at home in the corridors of Enron.

Pryor offers a diverting look at a man who is not so much devoid of scruple as
unaware of its existence, and Greer is a manipulator who rejoices in his utter
cynicism.

Daedalus, which is receiving its world premiere at the Arden, is one of those
plays that pivots on a plot development that would be unfair to reveal. It
consequently makes the latter half of the production difficult to discuss in
detail.

I'll just say that Davalos sends the piece off into the realm of the psyche and
sexual identity - matters that jar gratingly against Machiavelli's speech
justifying fascist tyranny.

In Greek myth, Daedalus was the inventor who, with his son Icarus, soared too
high and paid a terrible price. Daedalus simply attempts too much.

Contact Desmond Ryan at 215-854-5614 or dryan@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 14, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

The Specter of Zapata

Christopher Hitchens,

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X06

LENGTH: 1074 words


SHADOWS OF TENDER FURY

The Letters and Communiques of

Subcomandante

Marcos and the Zapatista Army of

National Liberation

Translated from the Spanish by Frank

Bardacke, Leslie Lopez, and the Watsonville,

California, Human Rights Committee

Monthly Review Press. 272 pp. paperback $ 15

THE MOTORCYCLE DIARIES

A Journey Around South America

By Ernesto Che Guevara

Translated from the Spanish by Ann Wright

Verso. 144 pp. $ 22.95

(Forthcoming in June)

WOULD IT NOT be very amusing and ironic, observed a friend of mine the other
day, if after outliving the Russian Revolution, containing the Chinese
Revolution and isolating the Cuban Revolution, the United States were to
discover that all along it should have been worried by the Mexican one? The one
that so inconvenienced Woodrow Wilson? The one that we thought had gone away
when Emiliano Zapata was betrayed and put to death by his countrymen in 1919?

Such a development would be by no means unprecedented. The United States thought
it had pacified Nicaragua and El Salvador in the 1920s and 1930s, thought it had
taken care of everything. But the fools, the fools, the fools, as Padraig Pearse
said on another occasion, they have left us our patriot dead. The ghosts of
Sandino and Farabundo Marti proved to have totemic power more than a generation
later. Now the specter of Zapata is flitting through the mountains of Chiapas, a
Mexican province so remote and ground down that (if you remember Gregory Nava's
fine film "El Norte") Guatemalan Indians on the run are told to say they come
from there because nobody will know the difference.

The new Zapatistas, and their flamboyant and witty spokesman, "Subcomandante"
Marcos, must be given credit for exquisite timing. The assassination of
presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio, the utter political discrediting of
the long-regnant PRI (not even Marcos could improve on a name like
"Institutional Revolutionary Party") and the collapse of the peso have supplied
what many Mexicans term a coyuntura -- a stirringly favorable conjuncture of
crisis among the leadership and rage and bewilderment among the ruled. In the
old days this would have been gravely termed "a revolutionary situation," but
Marcos will have none of the mirthless rhetoric of the Leninist past. The word
"socialism" occurs exactly twice in the entire anthology of his communiques.
When he speaks, through the ski-mask that he has managed to render jokey rather
than sinister, he sounds like this: "Nobody, not a single person from the
National Organizing Committee, has been able to say how many delegates, guests,
observers, journalists, sponges, nut cases, spooks and lost souls have come here
to Aguascalientes . . ."

And this is his introductory address to the supposedly clandestine "National
Democratic Convention." Elsewhere, though, he stops camping around and delivers
well-documented and well-reasoned accounts -- often via Internet -- of the
misery of Chiapas and the baroque venality of the Mexican elite. It's pitched at
the Robin Hood level -- a peasant may not cut down a tree, while an oil company
can fell a forest -- but in the present atmosphere it may well strike a mass
audience as being both magical and realistic. Ten Days That Shook the World has
been remaindered, but remember that John Reed's first book was Insurgent Mexico.

AFEW YEARS ago, the Zapatistas would have been called "Cuban-backed" and
probably would have been napalmed by now. But the Cuban revolution has calcified
to the point where it is useless even for specter purposes. This might not have
surprised Ernesto "Che" Guevara, who left Cuba for Bolivia in pursuit of a
revolution without frontiers. As an Argentine of part-Irish descent (the family
patronymic was Lynch), he would have made a fine freebooter and idealist in one
of Bolivar's armies. Early in life he decided to leave his native heath and see
the whole continent at first hand. Although his asthma was a constant torment to
him, he made a series of explorations either alone or with a companion. The
preferred vehicle was the motorbike, so to his image as a fervent revolutionary
we can add the suggestive patina of a Latin James Dean or Jack Kerouac.

His diary jottings are what one might expect from a youth just in his twenties:
light brushes with girls, heavier brushes with customs officials and policemen;
mishaps with engine parts and gas stations; kind and unkind receptions
encountered along the way. But there are regular notes about labor conditions,
political struggles and about the shabby treatment of indigenous peoples. The
most prescient stuff comes from Chile, where young Guevara visits the remote
mining communities and holds conversation with the workers and sees the outline
of a coming confrontation with the oligarchs of the country and their
ever-present gringo backers.

Guevara was a medical student, and on this trip (in 1951) his companion was an
expert in the treatment of leprosy, so that in all countries there are notes
made and comparisons drawn about local health care. The impression of a vast
reserve of misery, deprivation and ignorance is a great one when left on the
reader, and must have been even greater when made upon a young man whose
political ideas were in formation. At this stage he is radical, skeptical,
anticlerical and disrespectful. In Machu Picchu he attends the ceremony of Our
Lord of The Earthquakes:

"The cathedral belltowers, destroyed in the 1950 earthquake, had been restored
by General Franco's government, and as a token of gratitude, the band was
ordered to strike up the Spanish national anthem. As the first notes sounded,
the bishop's red hat turned an even deeper red as he waved his arms in the air
like a puppet. 'Stop, stop, there has been a mistake,' he cried . . .
Intentionally or not, the band had struck up the Spanish Republican anthem."

In Guatemala in 1954, Guevara was present to observe the overthrow of the Arbenz
government by the forces of the CIA, and the experience seems to have decided
him upon a course of revolutionary commitment. In that year, the powers that be
thought they had taken care of Guatemala, too, but the fools, the fools, the
fools . . .

Christopher Hitchens writes the "Cultural Elite" column for Vanity Fair and the
"Minority Report" column for the Nation. His most recent book is "International
Territory: The UN 1945-1995."


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, qualalupe posada

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              767 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 31, 1990, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

OF SAUSAGES AND LAWS IN TV'S CARTOON WORLD

BYLINE: Edwin Yoder

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 854 words


WASHINGTON The press, especially television, has for the most part told the
story of the great budget wrangle in the usual smug, mocking way. Has the public
been well served? Not so very, and the evening-news fare of Oct. 24 offers a
clinical example. A viewer of CBS - an example taken at random - could hardly
have had anything but contempt for Capitol Hill shenanigans. The CBS story on
that day's budget battles boiled down to saying that this had been another
silly, muddled day at the sausage factory, where the clowns have tried for weeks
without success to make a simple batch of sausage.  Recall Bismarck's axiom that
it is just as well not to know too much about how laws or sausages are made. TV
news - network variety - focuses one-by-one on all the unsavory ingredients that
make a tasty sausage. It is not explained that, in a democracy, making a budget
might reflect a multiplicity of interests - plus two parties and two independent
branches of government - and might be tedious and complex. The cartoon version
blames delay on partisan bickering or incompetence.  Reporting need not be so
simpleminded. On the same night, the ''MacNeil-Lehrer NewsHour'' included quite
a lot of adult facts that convey some sense of the complexity of government.
Speaker of the House Tom Foley explained that, given the nature of President
Bush's 1988 ''read my lips'' campaign, there was no way Congress could enact a
budget including new taxes over a Bush veto, even if it had wanted to. Bush's
fingerprints are politically essential. And for all the president's effort to
depict himself as an impatient bystander at the congressional follies, Foley
added, Bush has been a key party to them, and his conditions and demands a large
element in their protraction.  This is not a complex bit of information. But it
requires more than a 30-second sound bite.  In another MacNeil-Lehrer interview,
you could have heard the political scientist Seymour Martin Lipset's reminder
that the American system was, after all, designed so that one branch would
check, and sometimes stymie, another; that power was deliberately dispersed,
even at the risk of occasional deadlock. You could have heard Lipset say,
moreover, that this kind of legislative impasse is hardly without precedent; one
very much like it occurred during Franklin D. Roosevelt's second term, after his
re-election by a landslide in 1936.  If the evening of Oct. 24 had been a
departure from the usual routine on network news, all this would hardly be worth
noting. But it was more typical than not. The citizen who seeks his tutelage on
American government from the glibber segments of the press, especially on
television, could easily conclude that government has become an infuriating
conspiracy against the public interest; that its shortcomings are accounted for
by venality and incompetence; and that the structural features of the
Constitution have nothing to do with it.  That citizen might believe our
problems would end magically if we kicked the rascals out, docked their pay or
limited terms. In short, that political perfection awaits adoption of glib
remedies so popular in the evening news' cartoon world. If the millennium is so
close, what are we waiting for?  SOURCE: Copyright 1990 Washington Post Writers
Group

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              768 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 19, 2013 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

An 'unthinkable' IRS scandal? More like unavoidable. An 'unthinkable' IRS
scandal? More like unavoidable.

BYLINE: Joseph J. Thorndike

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1626 words


"Outrageous ," declared President Obama. "Unthinkable ," said Sen. Dick Durbin
(D-Ill.). "Offensive ," said Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.).

There is no shortage of indignation over the Internal Revenue Service's
targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status. And it would be
outrageous - if it weren't so predictable. It would be unthinkable if it hadn't
happened before. It would be offensive to Congress if it weren't partly
Congress's fault.

Yes, it's Congress that forces the IRS to get political. It tasks the agency
with policing the line between "political" and "social welfare" groups, between
"electioneering" and "educational" activities. At times, that mandate is further
complicated by pressure from the White House, and at least twice in the past 50
years - during the Kennedy and Nixon administrations - the IRS has carried out
executive orders to conduct explicitly ideological investigations. But even in
the absence of any venality, even when politicians stand aside while
well-intentioned regulators try to do their jobs, we shouldn't be surprised that
politics intrudes.

Congress has long required that nonprofit organizations accept certain
restrictions, including limits on political activity, in exchange for tax
exemption. Straight-up charities - known as 501(c)(3) organizations, after the
section of the tax code creating them - are barred from engaging in any
meaningful political activity. By contrast, 501(c)(4) organizations have more
freedom to get their hands dirty.

These "social welfare" organizations - a category once dominated by civic
leagues and volunteer associations but now comprising many distinctly political
groups - can't make politics their primary focus. In practice, however, they can
spend anything short of 50 percent of their time fighting the good political
fight. They're not supposed to campaign for specific candidates, but they're
allowed to engage in voter education, and sometimes they "educate" voters about
why an incumbent politician has a horrible record and needs to go. As a bonus,
501(c)(4)s don't have to disclose where their donations come from, which has
made them popular destinations for corporate contributions allowed by the
Supreme Court's 2010 Citizens United decision.

These regulations inevitably require the IRS to make subjective judgments. Does
an advertisement sponsored by an organization under review constitute
electioneering? Or is it just an expression of political opinion? Does it matter
if arguments are balanced? If politicians are called out by name? Some of these
questions are easy to answer - some of the time. More often, the line between
acceptable and unacceptable behavior is hard to see. But Congress expects the
IRS to find it.

Even when pursued conscientiously, the process remains open to charges of abuse
- charges that are all too plausible, given the agency's history.

In the argot of righteous indignation, calling something Nixonian is always
appealing. In the case of the IRS, it's practically irresistible. The agency's
escapades in the early 1970s were especially lurid, featuring not only the
famous Nixon "enemies list" but also a secret IRS task force with a notably
ominous name: the Special Services Staff, or SSS.

The Nixon years have been a popular point of comparison for the current IRS
scandal, which involves a "be on the look out" list drawn up by the agency's
"determinations unit" in Cincinnati. "It is absolutely unacceptable to single
out any political group - right, left or center," Durbin declared in a typical
statement. "It goes back to some of the worst days of the Richard Nixon
administration."

Well, yes and no. Yes, in the sense that both then and now, the IRS used
ideological criteria to target political groups. But no, in the sense that the
SSS was a major project, conceived and organized at IRS headquarters and closely
linked to intelligence activities conducted by other agencies, including the
FBI. Established in 1969, the SSS was charged with battling "an insidious threat
to the internal security of this country." More specifically, it was expected to
gather information about "extremist" groups - a loose definition that came to
include more than 11,000 organizations and individuals, most drawn from the
civil rights, antiwar and New Left movements.

Today's scandal - apparently originating with low-level bureaucrats and
potentially involving only 96 organizations that received extra scrutiny -
doesn't come anywhere close. More useful context can be found in the IRS's
adventure in ideological profiling during the Kennedy administration. This
earlier episode was smaller and less shocking than the SSS affair. But for
exactly those reasons, it better illuminates the underlying problems.

In 1961, the IRS established an Ideological Organizations Project  to examine
the activities of various political groups. The agency took its cue from
President John F. Kennedy, who had publicly questioned the activities of
conservative nonprofits. "I remember that the president made a speech and I got
a call from the White House again," recalled then-Commissioner Mortimer Caplin
in his official IRS oral history. "The right-wing organizations were believed to
be overstepping their tax-exemption bounds."

Caplin understood, however, that the agency couldn't go off on a crusade to take
down conservative organizations. "We in the IRS were very careful to try to make
a balance," he recalled. "We saw the problem in terms of: If we went running all
over right-wing organizations only, we'd be in treacherous administrative waters
and would be all over the newspapers the next day." So Caplin added some
left-leaning organizations to the project's target list. Whether you consider
those additions merely window dressing or a genuine effort at evenhandedness
depends on your level of cynicism.

Today's scandal is worse on that score: Although at least a few liberal groups
received extra scrutiny, the use of keywords such as "tea party" to identify
overly politicized applicants was clearly meant to target conservative
organizations. Even a symbolic balance would have been better.

Of course, the White House's role in the Kennedy episode was more egregious than
in today's scandal. Whereas the Kennedy-era transgressions were a response to
direct White House pressure, the inspector general report released Tuesday said
of the latest targeting: "All of these officials stated that the criteria were
not influenced by any individual or organization outside the IRS."

Even without calls from the White House, though, both the Kennedy-era IRS and
the Obama-era IRS would have been aware that influential people thought
tax-exempt organizations might be getting away with something.

Consider this, from an Obama speech in July 2010: "Because of the Supreme
Court's decision earlier this year in the Citizens United case, big corporations
- even foreign-controlled ones - are now allowed to spend unlimited amounts of
money on American elections. They can buy millions of dollars worth of TV ads -
and worst of all, they don't even have to reveal who's actually paying for the
ads. Instead, a group can hide behind a name like 'Citizens for a Better
Future,' even if a more accurate name would be 'Companies for Weaker Oversight.'
. . . It is damaging to our democracy."

Obama didn't point a finger at conservative nonprofits. But he blamed
congressional Republicans for standing in the way of transparency. And since
then, there have been plenty of media reports like one from ProPublica about
"how dark money helped Republicans hold the House and hurt voters."

It's hard to say, without engaging in speculation, how such speeches affected
the IRS. But we know from the Kennedy episode that the interests of powerful
people can increase political pressure on the agency.

The most significant parallel, though, between then and now is how the IRS
struggled to regulate political behavior.

Staffers on the Ideological Organizations Project were thrust into an area
"fraught with interpretive difficulties," as one agency official put it at the
time. The project required them to analyze the content of books, pamphlets,
radio shows and speeches. As historian John A. Andrew III has observed, "The IRS
was moving into the realm of political ideologies and philosophies, something
for which it was unprepared."

Things are somewhat better today. If nothing else, the IRS has had a lot more
practice. But though the agency has tried to develop more objective measures for
a highly subjective process, it's still a hopeless endeavor. We are asking the
IRS to do something impossible: conduct nonpolitical evaluations of political
organizations' political activities.

The agency will inevitably fail. Sometimes it will be too hands-off, as many
liberals charged after the past two elections. "Why has the IRS not enforced our
laws?" asked an incredulous Sen. Carl Levin (D-Mich.) just over a month ago.
Other times, the IRS will be overzealous, as seems to be the case with the
current scandal.

When Obama appeared in the East Room of the White House on Wednesday to announce
the resignation of the acting IRS commissioner , he talked about implementing
"new checks and new safeguards" and ensuring that "there's not too much
ambiguity surrounding these laws."

The solution lies in radical simplification. Let's get rid of 501(c)(4) status.
Encourage nonprofits to forswear political activity and become 501(c)(3)s. If
they can't stomach political chastity, let them become 527s: groups still exempt
from taxes but required to disclose their donors.

Anything short of that will guarantee that we haven't seen our last "outrageous"
IRS scandal.

jthorndike@thorndike.com

Read more from Outlook, friend us on Facebook, and follow us on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             April 10, 2011 Sunday

Ferment in the idyllic, virtual world

LENGTH: 1332  words

DATELINE: India


India, April 10 -- Irrespective of the burgeoning support for Anna Hazare's
movement, it underlines a disconnect between urban youth and the rest of Bharat

We are experiencing a catharsis of sorts. Residents of the vast virtual world,
Facebook addicts and other netizens, are on a high buoyed by 24/7 television
coverage of their agitation across the country. Not just a significant number of
English-speaking urban Indians but hundreds of NRIs perched in comfortable
climes abroad have decided they should have a say in how India is run. The most
amusing sideshow of the Jan Lokpal Bill Movement is a 240-mile march that has
apparently been taken out in California seeking India's redemption! Earnest
young men in Sydney are passionately speaking out on Indian TV channels
demanding the Government install a Committee headed by Anna Hazare to draft an
effective piece of legislation to appoint an anti-corruption Ombudsman with
sweeping powers.

In fairness to the agitators, they represent a growing constituency of people
who are rightly agitated over runaway graft and corruption of the system by the
Establishment - Legislature, Executive and even sections of the Judiciary, the
three principal pillars of a democracy. There is a mounting sense of frustration
on account of the system's ability to dilute and wriggle out of the most heinous
crimes of large-scale bribery, arbitrary decision-making and the failure to mete
out punishment to the perpetrators. Hardly any politician or bureaucrat has been
convicted in 64 years of Independence for indulging in corrupt practices. With
heightened awareness thanks to an intrusive media, people can form opinions with
greater alacrity than before, while deepening roots of democracy make them
demand accountability more forcefully than the past.

I have no doubt that the mind-boggling swindle in 2G spectrum allotment, the
Commonwealth Games loot, the Adarsh Society scam and similar instances of
venality that were exposed in quick succession, conditioned the mood of the
urban elite especially the youth. Additionally, senior citizens, adversely
affected by inflation, erosion of family values and stripped of a sense of
participation and importance have joined forces with Gen Next to create a
ferment not seen in recent times. Although the current agitation is disorganised
and fractious it has grabbed the nation's attention to an unprecedented extent.
With every passing day, the crowds converging on Jantar Mantar Road, Delhi's
dharna hub are growing. The East and South, however, appear largely immune to
such gatherings; the East probably because its relative poverty ensures that
corruption scandals don't reach humungous dimensions and the South because
politicians would appear to have redistributed a sizeable portion of ill-gotten
accruals to the electorate.

India has experienced similar awakenings before. The Nav Nirman agitation in
Gujarat in the mid-70s was eventually taken over by Gandhian Socialist Jaya
Prakash Narayan whose movement for Total Revolution galvanised youth across the
country, especially Bihar. Riding the crest of the anti-corruption and
anti-authoritarian mood, Janata Party came to power, although it quickly
relegated its inspiration, JP, to irrelevance before the party itself reverted
to oblivion. Less than a decade later, VP Singh raised the banner of revolt on
the issue of corruption once again and successfully ousted his erstwhile mentor
Rajiv Gandhi to sashay into power with BJP and Left support. He was routed in
the 1991 elections as a wave of anger swept through his original middle-class
urban supporters on account of his surreptitious injection of Mandalism into the
polity. Corruption, meanwhile, assumed almost an autonomous life, irrespective
of the political complexion of the Government.

In terms of historical cycles, therefore, the time for an anti-corruption
movement was overdue. But, this time it is being conducted outside the
established political process. Whereas JP relied on students' groups mostly
allied to non-Congress parties, VP Singh's foray was more directly political,
first organised under the aegis of the Jan Morcha which later morphed into the
Janata Dal. This time, though, the target of popular wrath is not one individual
or party but the political class as a whole. Anti-corruption sentiment has fused
with anti-politician passion, made fashionable by the media and hungrily
lapped-up by career-conscious, largely apolitical dwellers of cyberspace. In
incubation for some years, this emotional surge has now found concrete
expression through the persona of Anna Hazare, hitherto a small-time agitator in
Maharashtra prone to going on fast with remarkable frequency. His strike rate,
however, is reasonably impressive although some years ago he was sentenced to
three months' imprisonment for defaming a Maharashtra Minister but pardoned
after one day by the then BJP-Sena regime in the State.

As we evolve into a mature democracy and attempt to channelise economic
prosperity into building a welfare state, stricter accountability of the
Establishment as well as a structure of deterrence against corruption must be
ensured. The popularity of a disparate movement nominally led by the
septuagenarian former armyman, though fuelled essentially by the effervescence
of youth testifies to this. But the problem arises when the leaders of this
amorphous mass arrogate to themselves the entire authority of civil society and
demand a predominant role in determining legislation.

I don't want to go into the merits of Hazare's charter because some of the
powers they insist the Lokpal must get fly in the face of democratic principles.
For example, the demand to have Nobel Prize winners of Indian origin and
Magsaysay Award recipients as selectors is laughable not only because that seeks
to exclude persons outside the charmed coterie leading the charge, but is also
questionable for being deferential to foreign organisations whose agendas are
not necessarily unimpeachable. That apart the contempt for existing institutions
and the debunking of elected representatives is also highly disturbing. It
amounts to a meritocratic, elitist rejection of the popular will based on the
assumption that people (to use Karl Marx's description of the peasantry) are "a
sack of potatoes".

Anybody who is outside the ruling Establishment has an equal claim to being a
member of civil society. Arguably, the better educated, intelligent and
professional persons among them are traditionally regarded as spokespersons for
this section. But a few thousand ill-informed even if idealistic youth,
publicity hungry Bollywood celebrities, assorted saffron-clad leaders of the
pravachan industry, non-stakeholder NRIs and vast numbers of netizens cannot be
equated with civil society as a whole. Who, for instance, decides on the names
of non-official members of the proposed Joint Committee to draft the Lokpal
Bill? Presumably it's Anna Hazare. But is his locus standi beyond question? Just
as Ms Sonia Gandhi's National Advisory Council, filled with bleeding hearts and
10 Janpath cronies, is an illegitimate body, which ought not to have any
authority to dictate to the Government, an arbitrarily nominated Joint Committee
will lack the legitimacy needed to propose sweeping legislation.

This doesn't mean that corrupt politicians and wily bureaucrats should
monopolise the nation's destiny. I argue only for a sense of balance and realism
to prevail. Government may be evil in many people's eyes but it is a necessary
evil without which no system can run in an orderly fashion. Most importantly,
howsoever imperfect, India's is a functioning democracy, which is why
comparisons with the Jasmine Revolution or Jantar Mantar with Tahrir Square or
Tiananmen are preposterous, in fact, odious. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 22, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

'Garbage' issue won't be an easy one to exploit

BYLINE: JACK W. GERMOND; JULES WITCOVER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Columns; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 662 words

DATELINE: BOSTON



BOSTON - The newspapers reported the other day that the Michael Dukakis
headquarters here was being "cleaned out" as staff members were    dispatched to
work in critical states.

     The action - coming on the heels of an opinion poll showing    Democrat
Dukakis 17 percentage points behind Republican George Bush -    was depicted as
another indicator of a campaign in desperate straits.

     In fact, Dukakis managers were telling reporters last summer -    while
Dukakis was the one with the 17-point lead - that they intended    to send most
of the operatives based in Boston into the field for the    final two or three
weeks of the campaign. Indeed, that is standard    operating procedure for most
campaign organizations.

     But the incident illustrates a central problem for Dukakis in the    final
two weeks of the campaign - the pervasive consensus in the press    and
political community that the Democratic nominee is probably a dead    duck and
that any move he makes must be considered in that context.

     Dukakis' sharp decline in the opinion polls in the aftermath of the
second debate has been the prime factor in creating such politically
poisonous atmospherics. The new context is apparent in the sudden    willingness
of other Democrats to publicly bad-mouth the Dukakis    campaign. The implicit
message is that it's time to bail out.

     But new surveys show Dukakis trailing by 7 percent or 9 percent -    hardly
promising but still enough of an improvement to encourage    Democrats to
believe there is some possibility. There is, however, a    fundamental question
of how Dukakis can get the electorate to listen to    him. Joseph Grandmaison,
the New Hampshire party chairman with a long    history of running campaigns,
believes the first essential may be for    Dukakis to find some issue "where he
can get people nodding their    heads in agreement."

     If he could accomplish that goal, Grandmaison argues, then he might    gain
a hearing for the basic Democratic message that the Republicans    are the party
of the affluent, the Democrats the party of economic    fairness.

     There is such an issue "out there" right now - but, unhappily for
Dukakis, it is one that the context makes it difficult to exploit. The    issue
is what politicians call "process" - meaning in this case the    mindless
venality and stupidity of the 1988 campaign for the presidency    and, more to
the point, the Bush attacks on Dukakis on such bizarre    "issues" as the Pledge
of Allegiance and prison furloughs.

     But Dukakis must walk an extremely fine line in trying to raise    such
questions.

     Dukakis did find a rich opportunity in Illinois the other day when    he
denounced as "garbage" two particularly noxious leaflets prepared    by the
Republican state committee on the prison furlough question.

 According to one of the fliers, "All the murderers and rapists and    drug
pushers and child molesters in Massachusetts vote for Michael    Dukakis. We in
Illinois can vote against him."

     Just how much of an opportunity the "process" matter offers    Dukakis is
impossible to gauge. Bush himself is offering fewer openings    by talking more
these days - particularly when the cameras are rolling    - about national
defense policy. His strategists clearly are convinced    the picture of a weak
Dukakis is already well enough established that    it needs only minimal
reinforcement.

     But the real problem for Dukakis is that political context. To win    an
open-minded hearing from the voters, Dukakis must make a persuasive    case that
he has something to say on genuine issues, not just a    complaint about the
"garbage" thrown at him this fall.



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              771 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 15, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Quietly, Gingrich Builds Base For Wealth, Political Future

Thomas B. Edsall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1127 words


Out of the limelight for the first time in two decades, former House speaker
Newt Gingrich has been quietly fattening his personal bank account and is on
target to make at least $ 3 million in lecture fees alone this year while laying
the groundwork to maintain his influence in national politics.

Gingrich last night made his first appearance in Washington in months as he was
feted by hundreds of lobbyists, politicos and other supporters at a dinner that
organizers said will raise close to $ 1 million for his political action
committee and his favorite charity, the Juvenile Diabetes Foundation.

"Together we accomplished a lot," Gingrich, looking tan and thinner, told the
gathering. "It was a decisive transition in power," he said, describing the
Republican takeover of the House he spent 16 years working to achieve.

Since resigning under pressure last year, Gingrich has kept an unusually low
profile, but his fund-raising, busy speechmaking and effort to maintain a
skeletal campaign organization suggest Gingrich intends to remain very much
engaged in politics, and possibly run for office again after the 2000 elections.

"Gingrich is one of the most remarkable and resourceful politicians of the
post-World War II era and anyone who prematurely writes his obit is making a big
mistake," said Ralph Reed, former director of the Christian Coalition and now an
Atlanta-based political consultant. "He has a real opportunity to do what he
couldn't do for a few years, make money, build contacts, recast his image and
position himself for a potential comeback."

Last night, Gingrich stayed in character, proposing a "strategy of freedom" that
would include reducing individual total tax burdens -- federal, state, and local
-- from roughly 38 percent of income now to 25 percent; insisting on the right
of individuals to invest a portion of Social Security taxes; breaking past
reluctance to fully extend all rights and freedoms to minorities, and providing
citizens full access to all information about themselves, from illnesses to
their credit status.

For Gingrich, life in the political wilderness has brought about a distinct
change in perspective. A decade ago, while in the Republican minority in the
House, he saw Washington as a sea of corrupt venality, declaring: "In this cold
and ruthless city, the center of hypocrisy is Capitol Hill." Gingrich repeatedly
accused Democratic adversaries of capitalizing on power and position for
personal profit, and drove then-Speaker Jim Wright (D-Tex.) out of office.

Now the power and prominence acquired in this "cold and ruthless city" has
become a ticket to wealth. Unrestrained by congressional ethics rules and
relatively protected from the prying eyes of the media, Gingrich has turned
himself into a one-man conglomerate, and he is reveling in a sea of green,
according to his associates.

According to sources, Gingrich has already lined up or given 38 speeches at an
average of $ 50,000 plus expenses, well on his way to surpassing his goal of 60
speeches in 1999. Among the groups he has addressed are the Cadillac Dealers
Association in Pebble Beach, Calif., and the Internet Commerce Expo in Boston,
according to sources.

Gingrich also has accepted seats on the board of the merger and acquisition firm
Forstmann Little & Co. and on the advisory board of Hollinger International, a
media conglomerate run by Conrad Black. He is setting up consulting arrangements
with such firms as PriceWaterhouseCooper and Fleishman-Hillard Inc.

In addition, Gingrich and his key advisers, including Joe Gaylord, are exploring
establishing a company through which Gingrich would provide corporations advice
based on the principles he developed in his 16-year struggle to engineer the
Republican takeover of the House. One possibility Gingrich is considering is to
set up a subsidiary at the Baker & Hostetler law firm.

"He is making a ton of money and he loves it. He is like a little boy who has
been allowed to go out and play for the first time in his life," one associate
said. "He may have a political future, and therefore he may only have two to
four years to make money. He is really focused for the short term."

Gingrich, indeed, has been preoccupied lately with the question of whether to
buy a Cadillac and how to equip it, according to one associate.

Even as he ensures his financial security, Gingrich is keeping his hand in
politics. Last night, the one-time superstar of GOP fund-raising returned to the
fray with a gala at the Capital Hilton. Gingrich's departure from power clearly
dampened the enthusiasm of some fund-raisers he approached for help. One
Washington lobbyist Gingrich telephoned twice to ask for help said he politely
declined. "I am involved in here-and-now events, if I can put it that way," the
lobbyist said.

But the event was boosted by an array of House Republican leaders and lobbyists
whose stature as Washington power brokers grew geometrically when the Republican
majority took over the House: former representatives Vin Weber and Robert S.
Walker, former GOP White House aide Nicholas Calio and former Republican
National Committee chairman Haley Barbour.

These lobbyists helped sell tickets at a rate impressive for a politician out of
office. For $ 1,000 apiece, some 600 Gingrich friends watched a predinner video
of Jay Leno roasting the man whose rotund figure and striking thatch of gray
hair became instantly recognizable, and a postdinner video narrated by Charlton
Heston that described the personal side of Gingrich.

The Gingrich political action committee, Friends of Newt Gingrich (FONG), will
be a vehicle to promote his ideas.

Meanwhile, Gingrich is planning to keep a relatively low profile through the
2000 elections, although associates said he is virtually certain to work with
the campaign of Texas Gov. George W. Bush and to try to weaken the candidacy of
Malcolm S. "Steve" Forbes, whose sharp criticism of the Republican congressional
leadership angered the ex-speaker.

Gingrich's associates are split in their assessment of whether he will be able
to resist the urge to go after elective office again, with the presidency or the
governorship of Georgia mentioned most often.

Asked last night if he will seek office again, Gingrich smiled as he replied, "I
don't know. . . . I'm just the age Ronald Reagan was when he first ran for
governor."

Staff researcher Ben White contributed to this report. Since resigning as House
speaker and a Republican congressman from Georgia, Newt Gingrich has rarely made
public appearances here. Enjoying a fund-raising "Salute to Newt" at the Capital
Hilton, former speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) laughs at the gibes in a predinner
tape made by Jay Leno.


NAME: NEWT GINGRICH

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,ROBERT A. REEDER; PH,,JUANA ARIAS

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              772 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 8, 2006 Sunday
                    F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

Heartbroken by the destruction of one more honorable man

BYLINE: Chris Bailey

SECTION: NEWS; Fox Valley columnist; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 599 words


Colin Powell killed my faith. But Dennis Hastert broke my heart.

Powell, the former general renowned for both his integrity and his military
acumen, made the speech that convinced me to forget my reservations about going
to war with Iraq. And we all know now that his speech to the U.N., complete with
visual and aural aids, was backed more by supposition and bad intelligence than
fact.

Hastert, a man I've known, liked and respected for 20 years, is the Speaker of
the U.S. House of Representatives who now finds himself neck deep in a House
page scandal created by former Florida U.S. Rep. Mark Foley, who had an apparent
fondness for sending sexually explicit e-mails to underage pages.

I don't have subpoena power, so I have no way of knowing "who knew what when" -
a blast from the Watergate past that I surely could live without. Investigation
will tell us more.

And despite the fact Hastert this week showed he's not really the guy I knew any
longer, I'm not among those clamoring for his resignation. He didn't send the
e-mails or proposition any pages. And he has no divine knowledge. He is merely a
man with huge responsibilities and not enough hours in the days to meet them.

The timing of these disclosures just a month before the election is highly
suspect, too, given that knowledge of Foley's behavior apparently has been
floating in the ether around Capitol Hill for years.

But somebody should have been paying attention, should have been looking out for
the youthful wannabe politician participants.

The old Denny Hastert, a teacher and coach, would have been that guy, rather
than the guy, apparently altered by the venality and vitriol of Washington,
D.C., who's first response was, "We have a story to tell, and the Democrats have
- in my view have - put this thing forward to try to block us from telling the
story."

That reply took my breath away, it was so painful to see. Yes, I saw vestiges of
the old Denny a few days later when he reiterated President Harry Truman's old
desk plate message, "The buck stops here."

But in the old days, taking responsibility and seeking answers would have been
Hastert's first instinct, not something he was forced into by a growing public
clamor.

He would have said, "My party, my chamber, my problem." And then set about
seeking answers.

But no one, including honorable men like Powell and Hastert, seem able to put
"getting it right" first. Everybody in Washington is too busy propping up party,
spinning the unpalatable, eviscerating their opponents, protecting their pals,
fudging the facts, hiding the costs and ignoring the difficult.

And don't imagine I give Democrats a pass, either. They have so little to
contribute to the debate that I'm having trouble thinking of one of
significance.

Barack Obama? He's an elegant and intelligent man who is fascinating to talk to
and has been anointed as the next coming. But his political accomplishments are
illusion and spin.

It has been a long time since I believed more than a handful actually cared more
about the people who elected them than the people who bought them or coerced
them from their own values.

Maybe tarnish is inevitable that if you stay long enough in a visible public
service position, especially in the age of 24/7 "gotcha" entertainment
masquerading as news. And maybe being put in a position of national power and
responsibility is bound to bring disappointment to those who knew you when.

But it's a sad state of affairs when the only hero you've got left in public
life is Patrick Fitzgerald, a guy who makes a living send public servants to
prison.

cbailey@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              773 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 28, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Steve Martin's 'Shopgirl': No Sale

BYLINE: Stephen Hunter, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; C05

LENGTH: 809 words


In "Shopgirl," Steve Martin asks this question: "How do I love thee?" Then he
counts the ways.

And here's what his accountancy came up with:

Zip.

Zero.

Nil.

Naught.

Zippity-doo-dah.

El Zilcho.

That's because "Shopgirl" is a movie of stipulations, not dramatizations. It
presumes a love between its two antagonists, winsome Los Angeles salesclerk
Mirabelle Buttersfield (Claire Danes) and computer mogul Ray Porter (Martin). It
tells us they are in love, it shows us their physical proximity, it watches
raptly as they go through murmuring, whispering, snuggling, snoozing,
schmoozing, licking  --  okay, not licking  --  and all the other little rituals
of intimacy, then it insists that we accept those images as code for
togetherness.

They are not. They are simply murmuring, whispering, snuggling, snoozing and
schmoozing. "Shopgirl" doesn't show hearts and minds, souls and karmas,
pheromones and flavors.

What is the content of this relationship? What does he, 60, handsome,
prosperous, fashionable, like about her, 26, thin, waiflike, traditional,
big-eyed, sharp-boned, cheek-flanged? (At least those are the actors' ages in
real life.) Is it her beauty? You might assume so, but the movie doesn't have
the energy to argue this as a position. He never says a thing about her beauty.

Is it her smell, her humor, her politics, her neck (necks are very good), her
toes (toes are very good, also), her general body, a certain part of her body,
her irony, her friendship (friendship is great), her parallel sense of the world
as a stage for folly, madness, narcissism and venality (the very best!). The
movie has no opinion; it doesn't comment. It is relentlessly outer-directed,
obsessed with surfaces. It's like he likes her brands.

"God, it makes me so hot that you wear Blue Cult Low Rise Gigis in Silver
Streak."

The movie feels weirdly over-concentrated on the wrong details: every little jot
and wrinkle of The Scene, L.A.-style, without a sense of emotional accuracy.

That was Martin's choice  --  though the movie was directed by Anand Tucker,
Martin wrote the screenplay from his novella of the same name  --  and I'm here
to say, it doesn't really work.

The story is sparse. Mirabelle sits in the sleek, museumy emporium of Saks,
generally ignored by all, wasting away in boredom. She meets an immature young
man named Jeremy (played by Jason Schwartzman) in a laundromat and has a brief
fling, but he's so insubstantial and unsocialized  --  it's like dating a fetus
--  that she breaks off with him.

She doesn't realize that she's been scoped out from afar by the far more
sophisticated Ray. He buys a pair of gloves from her, and manipulates that
transaction as a way to ask her out. The movie goes to great pains to portray
this move as honorable  --  he doesn't pressure her, he gives her space and time
to consider, he set it up as a no-risk venture for her  --  that it seems to
care more about Ray's reputation than his emotions. It's not interested, even
remotely, in expressing an attitude toward the May-December nature of this
relationship, the 10,000-pound elephant in the room.

Instead, pretending it's perfectly normal for 60-year-olds to date 26-year-olds,
it follows their nearly dialogue-free and texture-free relationship. In fact, it
seems to be a relationship without lust, anger, subtext or psychology. Is she a
daughter figure to him or he a father figure to her? No idea. Not interested.
Nobody home.

Does she represent lost opportunity, a thaw in jellified juices, the touch of
the taboo? Nope. Nah. Uh-uh.

What is going on in the movie?

The answer is: only the pictures, which seem to move.

There's one scene where Mirabelle wears gloves for him, suggesting an erotic
obsessiveness that it otherwise shies away from. There's some indication that
each has a kind of attraction to the art world, and that's pretty much it for
details.

Meanwhile, the movie cuts over to Schwartzman's poor,  schlumpy Jeremy, who, in
an unlikely development, has gone on the road with a rock group and somehow
begins to acquire the gravitas that she needs. I found his performance
annoyingly cute  --  he's always being eccentric for the camera, but he never
says anything interesting. Then, at one point, Martin's script changes nature
radically by engineering a low comic scene where a nasty fellow salesclerk
(Bridgette Wilson-Sampras) mistakes Jeremy for Ray and, in an eternal search for
a deep-pockets sugar daddy, seduces him, unaware that he's basically just a
roadie. I suppose there's a low laugh or two, but again, nothing substantial.

The whole movie feels like one of those painless migraine headaches: you know,
where there's a whirlpool of blur in the center of your vision. It's stylish
emptiness.

Shopgirl (105 minutes, at area theaters) is rated R for sexual innuendo and
occasional nudity.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              774 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 20, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

Red Cross admits AIDS blood error

SECTION: NATIONAL; update; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; CHICAGO; ALBION, N.Y.; NEW YORK



WASHINGTON - The Red Cross acknowledged Saturday it erred in    distributing 24
pints of blood that had failed AIDS procedures but said    none of the blood was
used and none carried the virus. The Food and    Drug Administration (FDA) said
Friday that the questionable one-pint    units were shipped last month to
hospitals and laboratories by Red    Cross centers in Washington and Nashville,
Tenn., but were never used    on any patients. The FDA did not identify the
facilities that received    the blood. Initial tests showed 10 of the
questionable units contained    HIV antibodies, which signaled an AIDS danger,
but those units    underwent a process that breaks down the blood into
components for    specific uses and eliminates the virus, said Gene Jeffers,
American Red    Cross spokesman. There was "no known health hazard associated
with the    24 units of blood."



   Great Lakes are receding    CHICAGO - The Great Lakes are receding after two
years of record-high    water levels that caused hundreds of millions of dollars
of shoreline    damage in eight states and two Canadian provinces. Erosion that
    undermined property throughout the region is less of a threat. "There    has
been a significant reduction in the danger," said Malcolm Todd, a    Army Corps
of Engineers hydrologic engineer. In some lakes water has    dropped almost
three feet from its 1986 high and is down 17 inches from    where it was a year
ago.



 Walsh gambles on indictment    WASHINGTON - Independent counsel Lawrence Walsh
took a gamble by    steering a federal grand jury to a catch-all indictment that
includes    charges that connote greed by the four major Iran-Contra principals,

    legal experts say. Former prosecutors, interviewed by the Associated
Press, said the strategy may open a line of testimony that could draw    out
sympathy for the defendants - especially Lt. Col. Oliver North. For    instance,
North was accused of accepting an illegal gratuity - a    $ 13,800 home security
system. By including that particular charge, the    experts said, the door is
open for North to repeat congressional    testimony that he was threatened by
international terrorists. Attorney    Joseph diGenova said Walsh's charge would
open "a Pandora's Box of    national security information. It may not show
venality, but instead a    legitimate concern for North and his family."



 Inmate offers himself for hostage    ALBION, N.Y. - A prison inmate who
responded to an appeal by the    family of Lebanon hostage Terry Anderson to
write on his behalf offered    to take his place. He made the offer in a poem
published Friday in a    Beirut newspaper. Anthony Liccione, 50, who has served
10 years of a    15-year-to-life sentence for second-degree murder, sent the
letter    about a month ago after Anderson's family appealed for a
letter-writing    campaign.



 Black journalists seek more numbers    NEW YORK - Twenty years after the Kerner
Commission chastised the    press for reporting the news "with white men's eyes
and a white    perspective," a panel of black journalists said last week that
newspapers and broadcasters had failed to recruit enough blacks into    the
nation's newsrooms. The National Association of Black Journalists    called on
newspapers to double the number of black journalists at    newspapers by 1991.
According to the American Society of Newspaper    Editors, blacks made up 3.5
percent of editors and reporters in 1987,    while they represent 12 percent of
the general population.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              775 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sunday Herald

                                October 22, 2006

Will Ki-Moon herald new dawn at the UN?;
REALPOLITIK: THE HARDEST JOB IN THE WORLD;
TREVOR ROYLE ON THE NEW UN SECRETARY GENERAL

BYLINE: TREVOR ROYLE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 591 words



HIGHLIGHT: Ban Ki-Moon is applauded as he passes through the UN following his
nomination as secretary-general

 Photograph: Stan Honda/Getty


DEPENDING on how you look at the election of the new secretary-general of the
United Nations, it was either the biggest shoo-in since a Prince of Wales
succeeded his father or mother or it was an inspired piece of international
diplomacy. With nobody coming close enough to offer a serious challenge, the
appointment of South Korea's foreign minister Ban Ki-Moon ended days of less
than frenzied speculation and left the UN's membership wondering what sort of
guy will be occupying the 38th floor at New York's Turtle Bay.

Once it had become clear that the UN was intent on appointing someone from the
Asian bloc, Ban was always the man most likely to get the nod. As South Korea's
foreign minister, he had steered a moderate course through regional politics and
was partly responsible for implementing the "sunshine policy", which attempted
to bring North Korea in from the cold by offering it blandishments in return for
adopting a softer line on arms control. Never mind that President Kim Jong-il
repaid the favour by detonating a nuke - Ban's reasoning was that compromise is
always going to be better than confrontation.

It helps that the Harvard-educated Ban is amenable to the US at a time when
Washington takes a dim view of what goes on inside the UN. A typical State
Department opinion of the UN Security Council goes something like this: far from
being the guardian of collective security its founders hoped for when it was
founded in 1945, the UN is a toothless tiger that stands by watching as the
world goes to hell in a handcart in Darfur, southern Lebanon, Iran and, most
recently, North Korea. Instead of producing the "punitive actions" promised by
the security council in the wake of Kim's defiance, out comes a watered-down
resolution that offers little more than some tedious inconveniences for the
North Korean leadership.

Even the edifice is crumbling and on the point of collapse. In recent years, the
UN has witnessed a succession of scandals involving corruption and venality on a
grand scale, mismanagement of funds and wastefulness of resources.

That's what did it for Ban's predecessor Kofi Annan, who was roundly hated by
the US right for his inability to bring the UN under control by putting a stop
to the unaccountability and inefficiency that are rife in the secretariat. By
tradition, senior officials automatically offer their resignations on the day
that a new secretary-general gets his legs under the desk. Also by tradition,
the resignations are rejected and life goes on pretty much as it always does.

This time round, things might not be so neatly ordered. Ban has let it be known
that there are going to be major changes. He may not follow the advice proffered
by the feisty US ambassador John Bolton and sack all his senior advisers, but
the smart money is on wholesale reforms from day one.

Senior officials thought not to be up to the mark can expect to have their
resignations accepted and many might not be replaced; no bad thing in an
organisation which is top-heavy with far too many well-paid officials who
contribute little and soak up an awful lot of resources.

Also on the immediate agenda are the never-ending battles to combat terrorism,
to end the scourge of HIV/Aids, to face up to environmental change and,
everywhere, the need to impose collective security. Sounds like the Augean
stables. Small wonder that the first UN secretary-general, Trygve Lie, handed
over the reins to his successor Dag Hammarskjold with the weary words: "You are
about to take over the most impossible job on Earth."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNHER


                      Copyright 2006 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              776 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 19, 2003 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Famine, Again

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 578 words


REP. FRANK R. WOLF (R-Va.) just got back from Ethiopia and showed around his
pictures from the field -- the blank eyes, the bloated bellies balancing on two
sticks -- and people thought he was in a time warp. "Yes, this again" he's been
telling his colleagues. Just as in 1984, the ribs are starting to show and the
cupboards are on their last cup of grain, not just in Ethiopia but in much of
southern Africa. But this is not merely a replay of the last famine. This time
there is a cooperative government in Ethiopia, and everywhere else the aid
workers have arrived in time. What is still needed is critical but manageable:
Western governments and other donors must ensure that over the next few months
the food pipeline stays open and runs smoothly.

The term "famine in Africa" may seem exotic and remote, especially with war and
domestic terrorism so imminent. But zoom in on the elemental: Famine is about
rain at the wrong time and seeds that won't sprout and parents with children who
need nourishment. In Ethiopia, Mr. Wolf traveled as far from the capital as
Richmond is from Washington. There he found a village of a few hundred where
even the kids were too weak to move. One man had been digging a well for two
days in the hot sun; he'd had his last drink -- a cup of putrid brown water --
the day before. One mother opened her storage bin mostly for effect. It was
empty. "My kids are kind of mad at me," she explained. "They don't understand
why I can't help them."

Some of this can be blamed on bad luck; African weather patterns have been
especially erratic this planting season. Some of it is venality; in Zimbabwe,
President Robert Mugabe is purposely starving his political enemies. Zambia
still senselessly resists donations of genetically modified corn. Compounding it
all is the astounding AIDS infection rate, which is killing off the farming
generation and has made people less able to operate in survival mode. But it's
almost better not to dwell on the causes. The important thing is that in the
next few months before the new harvest, about 30 million people are in danger of
starvation.

In contrast to 1984, the international aid community is prepared. The Bush
administration just authorized the U.S. Agency for International Development
(USAID) to pledge a large shipment of food to Ethiopia, and supplies have been
reaching southern Africa for the last few months. But resources are spread thin.
There are eight African countries at risk, plus Afghanistan and North Korea. At
the very least, Congress needs to ensure that the $ 325 million budgeted for
2003 is approved quickly. Aid groups have pushed for an additional $ 600
million, a request Senate Minority Leader Thomas A. Daschle included in his
Africa Famine Relief Act. But some aid workers in the field are nervous about
depending on that legislation; it is subject to debate, and there's no time to
debate.

Another option is to draw on the Emerson Trust, an emergency food reserve
administered by the Department of Agriculture. Given the time crunch, this seems
like the best option. So far the only resistance comes from domestic food
producers worried about rising food prices -- an understandable but secondary
concern. Andrew Natsios, head of USAID, traveled in Ethiopia last week; a
shipment of grain, he said, takes eight weeks to get from the port of Baltimore
to Ethiopia. "The biggest enemy of all famine relief is time," he said. "People
don't die on our schedule."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              777 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 21, 1979, Friday, Final Edition

Playwright Preston Jones, 43, Dies;
His Major Work, 'A Texas Trilogy,' Played Here for Almost a Year

BYLINE: By Richard L. Coe, Critic Emeritus, The Washington Post

SECTION: Metro; B6

LENGTH: 822 words


The finest plays and most perceptively observed characters of 43-year-old
Preston Jones were still to come.

That is why news of his death in Dallas on Wednesday after ulcer surgery strikes
so profound a sense of loss.  I had seen his most recent play, "Remember," there
last May.  He wrote of Christianity and how some have perverted it to the
confusion of its followers.  Freshly observed and darting with humor, it was
novel and broadening material.  Jones called it "a script in progress." One
hopes that it still may.

His three plays comprising "A Texas Trilogy" have had nearly a year's playing
time in the Washington area, including Arena Stage's introduction of "The Last
Meeting of the Knights of the White Magnolia," the Eisenhower Theater's extended
run of "Trilogy" ("Knights" plus "The Oldest Living Graduate" and "Lu Ann
Hampton Lavery Oberlander"), which later was done in full over several months by
the Montgomery Players.  There have been hundreds of productions of these three
plays across the country and abroad.

The "Trilogy" enjoyed but 69 New York performances three autumns ago uncannily
reflected the theater capital's role in relationship to the far broader American
theater.  That was the season New York critical huzzahs were for such works as
Marguerite Duras' "Days in the Trees," Harold Pinter's "No Man's Land," Paval
Kahout's "Poor Murderer" and David Mamet's "American Buffalo." None ran on
Broadway as long as "Trilogy" did, and have since vanished from American stages.
"Trilogy" marches on.

Outright villains are not to be found among the Jones characters, nor are
murderers, crooks, prisoners, drug addicts or self-pitying whiners.  His
dramatic situations rose from clash of differing personalities, none of whom had
the slightest identity problems.

From their own points of view, their actions were ethically and morally
justifiable.  Their reactions to others provided dramatic progressions.  This
currently uncommon attitude to the human condition distinguished Mr. Jones from
most of his playwriting contemporaries, whose concept of drama so often is
rooted in obvious injustices, blatant venality or political stances.

In "Knights" the highly comic action mocked how ridiculous and childish were the
Ku Klux Klan and its implications.  "Lu Ann" concerned a woman's protective love
for her mother.  "Graduate" revealed the romantic nature of gruff old Col.
Kinkaid, determined to defer his heirs from a money-making suburbia.

Introduced in several variations in southwest theaters, "A Place on the
Magdalena Flats" concerned a man's close yet tenuous relationship with his
brother.

His plays' relative failures with the New York drama critics didn't especially
faze him for he had planned to continue living in Dallas, whatever happened.

There he had found "a life in the theater," he felt, "for which most playwrights
dream," at Paul Baker's Dallas Theater Center.  There his wife, Mary Sue, is
assistant chief to Baker, and actress, designer and director as well.  At the
time of his death, Mr. Jones had been rehearsing as Norfolk in "A Man for All
Seasons" under his wife's direction.

Son of J. B. (Jawbones) Jones, lieutenant governor of New Mexico during 1943-45,
the playwright was born in Albuquerque in 1936.  Graduating from the University
of New Mexico, he drifted briefly to Colorado and into a first marriage of short
duration.

He returned South to get a master's degree from Trinity University in San
Antonio.  Baker, who was head of drama there, had created the Dallas Theater
Center in 1959, and there Mr. Jones began his career on the staff as
actor-director-box-office assistant.  Baker's immediate assistant was Mary Sue
Fridge, and within a few years she and Mr. Jones were married.

Baker's center is a theater in which everyone is expected to do a little of
everything.  The only theater -- and final building -- designed by Frank Lloyd
Wright, the center's Kalita Humphreys Theater has expanded from a single
auditorium to three performing spaces.

One of Mr. Jones' assignments was play reading, searching out plays the center's
audience would appreciate.  "I found," he said, "that almost every play being
written reflected a few neurotic characters living in New York, Los Angeles or
London.  It made me think that, by God, I'll try writing a play about Texas."

He once observed that he had noticed the name Smith as inspector for a hotel
elevator, repeated annually on its license.  Suddenly the name Smith was
replaced by Johnson.  "What happened to Smith?" he asked.

"It's things like that which get me started on plays.  Smith?  What did time do
to him?  Whatever his story, for me it always involves time.  Time is not the
sun going up and down.  It is not a clock.  It is not a calendar.  Time is an
eroding, infinite mystery.  Time is, in fact, a son of a bitch."

Time, the son of a bitch, ran out for Preston Jones.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, PRESTON JONES

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              778 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Time out for comic relief;
Laugh-a-minute meister of the Lake Wobegon novels, Garrison Keillor, takes no
prisoners in Love Me

                            April 17, 2004 Saturday


LOVE ME

By Garrison Keillor

Faber and Faber

272 pages/$30

LARRY WYLER, the hero of Garrison Keillor's latest novel Love Me, is doing well
in the acute quiet of his Midwestern small town existence.

He has found a wonderful wife, published three stories in The New Yorker in five
years, slept with a fertility clinic nurse, wished disability and ruination on
his successful novelist friend and realised the futility of human goodness as a
theme for the novel he has been trying to write.

In one inspired moment, Larry marshals the courage to write about human ill and
soon finds himself famous as the writer of a best-selling novel called Spacious
Skies.

Now that he is rich and has the world seeking his opinion, the solitude of his
life becomes unbearable. He must go where the action is - New York City.

The New Yorker magazine offers him a writing position, the fruition of a
childhood dream.

But his wife, a social worker who loves spending weekends with the demented
elderly, won't budge.

So Larry, the star, goes it alone.

He buys a lovely Manhattan apartment with a lovelier terrace and finds a room at
the New Yorker where John Updike peeks in to say 'Hi' and editor William Shawn
makes writers out of supercilious hacks.

He settles down to write. But he can't. Years pass, but he still can't.

Partly to fight a nasty writer's block, partly to lift his fast-waning financial
health, Larry becomes Mr Blue, an agony uncle for a newspaper.

And finally he writes - a second novel - Amber Waves Of Grain. It's such a
complete failure that book shops remove the security tag from copies to
facilitate shoplifting.

Seeing his fame sink as low as the sales of his new novel, he knows it's time to
quit New York and return to perhaps the only valuable thing in his life, his
wife Iris.

For all its self-obsessed business, this novel is a laugh riot.

Page after page of mordant satire on everything - from writerly vanity to
Republican venality - makes it a page-turner.

The excesses of Keillor's droll imagination lend even the most solemn situations
a comic meaning.

Such a gift can, however, reduce a story to pointless banter.

But this master of wit, famous for his Lake Wobegon novels and live radio show A
Prairie Home Companion, is too good a writer to let that happen.

No, he doesn't cut the laugh. He infuses amazing polish and tenderness into it.

'Writing is a sacred calling - but so are gardening, dentistry and plumbing, so
don't put on airs. It's just work - and you go do it if you need to.'

This is Garrison Keillor's advice to writers. He practises it well himself.

There is much room for putting on airs in this self-flagellating urban comedy
but Keillor doesn't.

What he does instead is elevate the comic to the sublime in clear, fast prose.

Larry is basically a jerk, but a wise one. He goes after money and fame and at
the same time knows that Iris' selfless pride is superior to his vain talent.

If Keillor has been able to craft a wonderfully flawed character in Larry, then
Iris' is the stronger of the pair.

She is the soul of the story - and what tender beauty!

While recording Larry's giddy ride to fame and his self-willed descent to
reality, this book turns out to be a superb love story.

Never mind if the hero is 60 and the heroine somewhere around there.

People don't necessarily get wiser with age. But they can restart, says Mr Blue.

Midway through the book Larry's confused Mr Blue and his 'Bewildered' or 'Turkey
Lurkey' folks may begin to get on your nerves a little.

Later, the mafia sub-plot at The New Yorker may be a test of credibility.

Do persist, however. Because Love Me is a work of lasting worth.

SECTION: Life!

LENGTH: 615 words

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              779 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 7, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

100 Notable Books of 2008

SECTION: Section BR; Column 0; Book Review Desk; HOLIDAY BOOKS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 3593 words


The Book Review has selected this list from books reviewed since Dec. 2, 2007,
when we published our previous Notables list.

Fiction & Poetry

AMERICAN WIFE.By Curtis Sittenfeld. (Random House, $26.) The life of this
novel's heroine -- a first lady who comes to realize, at the height of the Iraq
war, that she has compromised her youthful ideals -- is conspicuously modeled on
that of Laura Bush.

ATMOSPHERIC DISTURBANCES.By Rivka Galchen. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $24.) The
psychiatrist-narrator of this brainy, whimsical first novel believes that  his
beautiful, much-younger Argentine wife has been replaced by an exact double.

BASS CATHEDRAL.By Nathaniel Mackey. (New Directions, paper, $16.95.) Mackey's
fictive world is an insular one of musicians composing, playing and talking jazz
in the private language of their art.

BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN.By Charles Bock. (Random House, $25.) This bravura first
novel, set against a corruptly compelling Las Vegas landscape, revolves around
the disappearance of a surly 12-year-old boy.

BEIJING COMA.By Ma Jian. Translated by Flora Drew. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux,
$27.50.) Ma's novel, an important political statement, looks at China through
the life of a dissident paralyzed at Tiananmen Square.

A BETTER ANGEL: Stories.By Chris Adrian. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $23.) For
Adrian -- who is both a pediatrician and a divinity student -- illness and a
heightened spiritual state are closely related conditions.

BLACK FLIES.By Shannon Burke. (Soft Skull, paper, $14.95.) A rookie paramedic in
New York City is overwhelmed by the horrors of his job in this arresting,
confrontational novel, informed by Burke's five years of experience on city
ambulances.

THE BLUE STAR.By Tony Earley. (Little, Brown, $23.99.) The caring, thoughtful
hero of Earley's engrossing first novel, ''Jim the Boy,'' is now 17 and
confronting not only the eternal turmoil of love, but also venality and the
frightening calls of duty and war.

THE BOAT.By Nam Le. (Knopf, $22.95.) In the opening story of Le's first
collection, a blocked writer succumbs to the easy temptations of ''ethnic lit.''

BREATH.By Tim Winton. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $23.) Surfing offers this darkly
exhilarating novel's protagonist an escape from a drab Australian town.

DANGEROUS LAUGHTER: Thirteen Stories.By Steven Millhauser. (Knopf, $24.) In his
latest collection, Millhauser advances his chosen themes -- the slippery self,
the power of hysterical young people -- with even more confidence and power than
before.

DEAR AMERICAN AIRLINES.By Jonathan Miles. (Houghton Mifflin, $22.) Miles's fine
first novel takes the form of a letter from a stranded traveler, his life a
compilation of regrets, who uses the time to digress on an impressive array of
cultural issues, large and small.

DIARY OF A BAD YEAR.By J. M. Coetzee. (Viking, $24.95.) Coetzee follows the late
career of one Senor C, who, like Coetzee himself, is a South African writer
transplanted to Australia and the author of a novel titled ''Waiting for the
Barbarians.''

DICTATION: A Quartet.By Cynthia Ozick. (Houghton Mifflin, $24.) In the title
story of this expertly turned collection, Henry James and Joseph Conrad embody
Ozick's polarity of art and ardor.

ELEGY: Poems.By Mary Jo Bang. (Graywolf, $20.) Grief is converted into art in
this bleak, forthright collection, centered on the death of the poet's son.

THE ENGLISH MAJOR.By Jim Harrison. (Grove, $24.) A 60-year-old cherry farmer and
former English teacher -- an inversion of the classic Harrison hero -- sets out
on a trip west after being dumped by his wife.

FANON.By John Edgar Wideman. (Houghton Mifflin, $24.) Wideman's novel -- raw and
astringent, yet with a high literary polish -- explores the life of the
psychiatrist and revolutionary Frantz Fanon.

THE FINDER.By Colin Harrison. (Sarah Crichton/Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $25.) A
New York thriller, played out against the nasty world of global capitalism.

FINE JUST THE WAY IT IS: Wyoming Stories 3 .By Annie Proulx. (Scribner, $25.)
These rich, bleak stories offer an American West in which the natural elements
are murderous and folks aren't much better.

THE GOOD THIEF .By Hannah Tinti. (Dial, $25.) In Tinti's first novel, set in
mid-19th-century New England, a con man teaches an orphan the art of the lie.

HALF OF THE WORLD IN LIGHT: New and Selected Poems.By Juan Felipe Herrera.
(University of Arizona, paper, $24.95.) Herrera, known for portrayals of Chicano
life, is unpredictable and wildly inventive.

HIS ILLEGAL SELF.By Peter Carey. (Knopf, $25.) In this enthralling novel, a boy
goes underground with a defiant hippie indulging her maternal urge.

HOME.By Marilynne Robinson. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $25.) Revisiting the
events of her novel ''Gilead'' from another perspective, Robinson has written an
anguished pastoral, at once bitter and joyful.

INDIGNATION.By Philip Roth. (Houghton Mifflin, $26.) Marcus Messner is a
sophomore at a small, conservative Ohio college at the time of the Korean War.
The novel he narrates, like Roth's last two, is ruthlessly economical and
relentlessly deathbound.

THE LAZARUS PROJECT.By Aleksandar Hemon. (Riverhead, $24.95.) This novel's
despairing immigrant protagonist becomes intrigued with the real-life killing of
a presumed anarchist in Chicago in 1908.

LEGEND OF A SUICIDE.By David Vann. (University of Massachusetts, $24.95.) In his
first story collection, Vann leads the reader to vital places while exorcizing
demons born from the suicide of his father.

LIFE CLASS.By Pat Barker. (Doubleday, $23.95.) Barker's new novel, about a group
of British artists overtaken by World War I, concentrates more on the turmoil of
love than on the trauma of war.

LUSH LIFE.By Richard Price. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.) Chandler -- and
Bellow, too -- peeps out from Price's novel, in which an aspiring writer cum
restaurant manager, mugged in the gentrifying Lower East Side of Manhattan,
himself becomes a suspect.

A MERCY.By Toni Morrison. (Knopf, $23.95.) Summoning voices from the  17th
century, Morrison performs her deepest excavation yet into America's history and
exhumes the country's twin original sins: the importation of African slaves and
the near extermination of Native Americans.

MODERN LIFE: Poems .By Matthea Harvey. (Graywolf, paper, $14.) Harvey is willing
to take risks, and her reward is that richest, rarest thing, genuine poetry.

A MOST WANTED MAN .By John le Carre. (Scribner, $28.) This powerful novel,
centered on a half-Russian, half-Chechen, half-crazy fugitive in Germany, swims
with operatives whose desperation to avert another 9/11 provokes a slow-burning
fire in every line.

MY REVOLUTIONS.By Hari Kunzru. (Dutton, $25.95.) Kunzru's third novel is an
extraordinary autumnal depiction of a failed '60s radical.

NETHERLAND.By Joseph O'Neill. (Pantheon, $23.95.) In the wittiest, angriest,
most exacting and most desolate work of fiction yet about post-9/11 New York and
London, the game of cricket provides solace to a man whose family disintegrates
after the attacks.

OPAL SUNSET: Selected Poems, 1958-2008.By Clive James. (Norton, $25.95.) James,
a staunch formalist, is firmly  situated in the sociable, plain-spoken tradition
that runs from Auden through Larkin.

THE OTHER.By David Guterson. (Knopf, $24.95.) In this novel from the author of
''Snow Falling on Cedars,'' a schoolteacher nourishes a friendship with a
privileged recluse.

OUR STORY BEGINS: New and Selected Stories.By Tobias Wolff. (Knopf, $26.95.)
Some of Wolff's best work is concentrated here, revealing his gift for evoking
the breadth of American experience.

THE ROAD HOME.By Rose Tremain. (Little, Brown, $24.99.) A widowed Russian
emigrant, fearfully navigating the strange city of London, learns that his home
village is about to be inundated.

THE SACRED BOOK OF THE WEREWOLF.By Victor Pelevin. Translated by Andrew
Bromfield. (Viking, $25.95.) A supernatural call girl narrates Pelevin's
satirical allegory of post-Soviet, post-9/11 Russia.

THE SCHOOL ON HEART'S CONTENT  ROAD.By Carolyn Chute. (Atlantic Monthly, $24.)
In Chute's first novel in nearly 10 years, disparate characters cluster around
an off-the-grid communal settlement.

SIR GAWAIN AND THE GREEN KNIGHT: A New Verse Translation.By Simon Armitage.
(Norton, $25.95.) One of the eerie, exuberant joys of Middle English poetry, in
an alliterative rendering that captures the original's drive, dialect and
landscape.

SLEEPING IT OFF IN RAPID CITY: Poems, New and Selected.By August Kleinzahler.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.) Kleinzahler seeks the true heart of places,
whether repellent, beautiful or both at once.

TELEX FROM CUBA.By Rachel Kushner. (Scribner, $25.) In this multilayered first
novel, international drifters try to bury pasts that include murder, adultery
and neurotic meltdown, even as the Castro brothers gather revolutionaries in the
hills.

2666.By Roberto Bolano. Translated by Natasha Wimmer. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux,
cloth and paper, $30.) The five autonomous sections of this posthumously
published novel interlock to form an astonishing whole, a supreme capstone to
Bolano's vaulting ambition.

UNACCUSTOMED EARTH.By Jhumpa Lahiri. (Knopf, $25.) In eight sensitive stories,
Lahiri evokes the anxiety, excitement and transformations felt by Bengali
immigrants and their American children.

THE UNFORTUNATES.By B. S. Johnson. (New Directions, $24.95.) This novel, first
published in 1969, dovetails theme (the accidents of memory) with eccentric form
(unbound chapters to be read in any order).

WHEN WILL THERE BE GOOD NEWS?By Kate Atkinson. (Little, Brown, $24.99.) Jackson
Brodie, the hero of Atkinson's previous literary thrillers, takes the case of a
mother and baby who suddenly disappear.

THE WIDOWS OF EASTWICK.By John Updike. (Knopf, $24.95.) In this ingenious sequel
to ''The Witches of Eastwick,'' the three title characters, old ladies now,
renew their sisterhood, return to their old hometown and contrive to atone for
past crimes.

YESTERDAY'S WEATHER.By Anne Enright. (Grove, $24.) Working-class Irish
characters grapple with love, marriage, confusion and yearning in Enright's
varied, if somewhat disenchanted, stories.

Nonfiction

AMERICAN LION: Andrew Jackson in the White House .By Jon Meacham. (Random House,
$30.) Meacham, the editor of Newsweek, discerns a democratic dignity in the
seventh president's populism.

ANGLER: The Cheney Vice Presidency.By Barton Gellman. (Penguin Press, $27.95.)
An engrossing portrait of Dick Cheney as a master political manipulator.

BACARDI AND THE LONG FIGHT FOR CUBA: The Biography of a Cause.By Tom Gjelten.
(Viking, $27.95.) An NPR correspondent paints a vivid portrait of the
anti-Castro clan behind the liquor empire.

THE BIG SORT: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America Is Tearing Us Apart.By
Bill Bishop with Robert G. Cushing. (Houghton Mifflin, $25.) A journalist and a
statistician see political dangers in the country's increasing tendency to
separate into solipsistic blocs.

BLOOD MATTERS: From Inherited Illness to Designer Babies, How the World and I
Found Ourselves in the Future of the Gene.By Masha Gessen. (Harcourt, $25.) Hard
choices followed Gessen's discovery that she carries a dangerous genetic
mutation.

CAPITOL MEN: The Epic Story of  Reconstruction Through the Lives of the First
Black Congressmen.By Philip Dray. (Houghton Mifflin, $30.) A collective
biography of the pioneers of black political involvement.

THE CHALLENGE: Hamdan v. Rumsfeld and the Fight Over Presidential Power.By
Jonathan Mahler. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.) An objective, thorough study of
a landmark case for Guantanamo detainees.

CHAMPLAIN'S DREAM.By David Hackett Fischer. (Simon & Schuster, $40.) Fischer
argues that France's North American colonial success was attributable largely to
one remarkable man, Samuel de Champlain.

CHASING THE FLAME: Sergio Vieira de Mello and the Fight to Save the World.By
Samantha Power. (Penguin Press, $32.95.) Vieira de Mello, who was killed in Iraq
in 2003, embodied both the idealism and the limitations of the United Nations,
which he served long and loyally.

CONDOLEEZZA RICE. An American Life: A Biography.By Elisabeth Bumiller. (Random
House, $27.95.) A New York Times reporter casts a keen eye on Rice's tenure as a
policy maker, her close ties to George Bush, and her personal and professional
past.

THE DARK SIDE: The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned Into a War on
American Ideals.By Jane Mayer. (Doubleday, $27.50.) A New Yorker writer recounts
the emergence of the widespread use of torture as a central tool in the fight
against terrorism.

DELTA BLUES: The Life and Times of the Mississippi Masters Who Revolutionized
American Music.By Ted Gioia. (Norton, $27.95.) Gioia's survey balances the story
of the music with that of its reception.

DESCARTES' BONES: A Skeletal History of the Conflict Between Faith and Reason.By
Russell Shorto. (Doubleday, $26.) Shorto's smart, elegant study turns the early
separation of Descartes's skull from the rest of his remains into an
irresistible metaphor.

DREAMS AND SHADOWS: The Future of the Middle East.By Robin Wright. (Penguin
Press, $26.95.) This fluent and intelligent book describes the struggles of
people from Morocco to Iran to reform or replace long-entrenched national
regimes.

THE DRUNKARD'S WALK: How Randomness Rules Our Lives.By Leonard Mlodinow.
(Pantheon, $24.95.) This breezy crash course intersperses probabilistic
mind-benders with profiles of theorists.

AN EXACT REPLICA OF A FIGMENT OF  MY IMAGINATION: A Memoir.By Elizabeth
McCracken. (Little, Brown, $19.99.) An unstinting account of the novelist's
emotions after the stillbirth of her first child.

FACTORY GIRLS: From Village to City in a Changing China.By Leslie T. Chang.
(Spiegel & Grau, $26.) Chang's engrossing account delves deeply into the lives
of young migrant workers in southern China.

THE FOREVER WAR.By Dexter Filkins. (Knopf, $25.) Filkins, a New York Times
reporter who was embedded with  American troops during the attack on Falluja,
has written an account of the Iraq war in the tradition of Michael Herr's
''Dispatches.''

FREEDOM'S BATTLE: The Origins of Humanitarian Intervention.By Gary J. Bass.
(Knopf, $35.) Bass's book is both a history and an argument for military
interventions as a tool of international justice today.

A GREAT IDEA AT THE TIME: The Rise, Fall, and Curious Afterlife of the Great
Books.By Alex Beam. (PublicAffairs, $24.95.) The minds behind a curious project
that continues to exert a hold in some quarters.

HALLELUJAH JUNCTION: Composing an American Life.By John Adams. (Farrar, Straus &
Giroux, $26.) Adams's wry, smart memoir stands with books by Hector Berlioz and
Louis Armstrong among the most readably incisive autobiographies of major
musical figures.

THE HEMINGSES OF MONTICELLO: An American Family.By Annette Gordon-Reed. (Norton,
$35.) Gordon-Reed continues her study of the relationship between Sally Hemings
and Thomas Jefferson.

HOT, FLAT, AND CROWDED: Why We Need a Green Revolution -- and How It Can Renew
America.By Thomas L. Friedman. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $27.95.) The Times
columnist turns his attention to possible business-friendly solutions to global
warming.

THE HOUSE AT SUGAR BEACH: In Search of a Lost African Childhood.By Helene
Cooper. (Simon & Schuster, $25.) Cooper, a New York Times reporter who fled a
warring Liberia as a child, returned to confront the ghosts of her past -- and
to look for a lost sister.

HOW FICTION WORKS.By James Wood. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $24.) Concentrating
on the art of the novel, the New Yorker critic presents a compact, erudite vade
mecum with acute observations on individual passages and authors.

MORAL CLARITY: A Guide for Grown-Up Idealists.By Susan Neiman. (Harcourt, $27.)
Neiman champions Enlightenment values with no hint of oversimplification,
dogmatism or misplaced piety.

THE NIGHT OF THE GUN: A Reporter Investigates the Darkest Story of His Life. His
Own.By David Carr. (Simon & Schuster, $26.) Carr, a New York Times culture
reporter, sifts through his drug- and alcohol-addicted past.

NIXONLAND: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America.By Rick
Perlstein. (Scribner, $37.50.) Perlstein's compulsively readable study holds
that Nixon's divisive and enduring legacy is the ''notion that there are two
kinds of Americans.''

NOTHING TO BE FRIGHTENED OF.By Julian Barnes. (Knopf, $24.95.) With no faith in
an afterlife, why should an  agnostic fear death? On this simple question,
Barnes hangs an elegant memoir and meditation, full of a novelist's affection
for the characters who wander in and out.

NUREYEV: The Life.By Julie Kavanagh. (Pantheon, $37.50.) The son of Soviet
Tatars could never get enough of anything -- space, applause, money, sex -- but
he attracted an audience of millions to the art form he mastered.

PICTURES AT A REVOLUTION: Five Movies and the Birth of the New Hollywood.By Mark
Harris. (Penguin Press, $27.95.) The best-picture nominees of 1967 were a
collage of America's psyche, and more.

THE POST-AMERICAN WORLD.By Fareed Zakaria. (Norton, $25.95.) This relentlessly
intelligent examination  of power focuses less on American decline than on the
rise of China, trailed by India.

PREDICTABLY IRRATIONAL: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions.By Dan
Ariely. (Harper/HarperCollins, $25.95.) Moving comfortably from the lab to broad
social questions to his own life, an M.I.T. economist pokes holes in
conventional market theory.

THE RACE CARD: How Bluffing About Bias Makes Race Relations Worse.By Richard
Thompson Ford. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.) Ford vivisects every sacred cow
in ''post-racist'' America.

RETRIBUTION: The Battle for Japan, 1944-45.By Max Hastings. (Knopf, $35.) In
this masterly account, Hastings describes Japanese madness eliciting American
ruthlessness in the Pacific Theater.

A SECULAR AGE.By Charles Taylor. (Belknap/Harvard University, $39.95.) A
philosophy professor thinks our era has been too quick to dismiss religious
faith.

SHAKESPEARE'S WIFE.By Germaine Greer. (Harper/HarperCollins, $26.95.) With a
polemicist's vision and a scholar's patience, Greer sets out to rescue Ann
Hathaway from layers of biographical fantasy.

THE SUPERORGANISM: The Beauty, Elegance, and Strangeness of Insect Societies.By
Bert Holldobler and Edward O. Wilson. (Norton, $55.) The central conceit of this
astonishing study is that an insect colony is a single animal raised to a higher
level.

TELL ME HOW THIS ENDS: General David Petraeus and the Search for a Way Out of
Iraq.By Linda Robinson. (PublicAffairs, $27.95.) A probing, conscientious
account of strategy and tactics in post-surge Iraq.

THE TEN-CENT PLAGUE: The Great Comic-Book Scare and How It Changed America.By
David Hajdu. (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $26.) A worthy history of the midcentury
crusade against the comics industry.

THEY KNEW THEY WERE RIGHT: The Rise of the Neocons.By Jacob Heilbrunn.
(Doubleday, $26.) A journalist traces the neoconservative movement from its
origins at the City College of New York in the 1940s.

THIS REPUBLIC OF SUFFERING: Death and the American Civil War.By Drew Gilpin
Faust. (Knopf, $27.95.) The lasting impact of the war's immense loss of life is
the subject of this extraordinary account by Harvard's president.

THE THREE OF US: A Family Story.By Julia Blackburn. (Pantheon, $26.) Searingly
and unflinchingly, Blackburn describes an appalling upbringing at the hands of
her catastrophically unfit parents.

THRUMPTON HALL: A Memoir of Life in My Father's House.By Miranda Seymour.
(Harper/HarperCollins, $24.95.) Seymour's odd and oddly affecting book instantly
catapults her father into the front rank of impossible and eccentric English
parents.

TRAFFIC: Why We Drive the Way We Do (And What It Says About Us).By Tom
Vanderbilt. (Knopf, $24.95.) A surprising, enlightening look at the psychology
of the human beings behind the steering wheels.

THE TRILLION DOLLAR MELTDOWN: Easy Money, High Rollers, and the Great Credit
Crash.By Charles R. Morris. (PublicAffairs, $22.95.) How we got into the mess
we're in, explained briefly and brilliantly.

A VOYAGE LONG AND STRANGE: Rediscovering the New World.By Tony Horwitz. (Holt,
$27.50.) An accessible popular history of early America, with plenty of
self-tutoring and colorful reporting.

WAKING GIANT: America in the Age of Jackson.By David S. Reynolds.
(Harper/HarperCollins, $29.95.) Reynolds excels at depicting the cultural,
social and intellectual currents that buffeted the nation.

WHILE THEY SLEPT: An Inquiry Into the Murder of a Family.By Kathryn Harrison.
(Random House, $25.) Harrison's account brings moral clarity to the dark fate of
the family of Jody Gilley, who was 16 when she survived a rampage by her brother
in 1984.

WHITE HEAT: The Friendship of Emily Dickinson and Thomas Wentworth Higginson.By
Brenda Wineapple. (Knopf, $27.95.) The hitherto elusive Higginson was the poet's
chosen reader, admirer and advocate.

THE WILD PLACES.By Robert Macfarlane. (Penguin, paper, $15.) Macfarlane's
unorthodox British landscapes are furrowed with human histories and haunted by
literary prophets.

THE WORLD IS WHAT IT IS: The Authorized Biography of V. S. Naipaul.By Patrick
French. (Knopf, $30.) French has created a monument fully worthy of its subject,
elucidating the enduring but painfully asymmetrical love triangle at the core of
Naipaul's life and work.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY PAUL COX) (pg.BR9)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              780 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 19, 1994 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

WHEN TOP JUDGE IS SECOND PICK

BYLINE: GEORGE WILL

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 794 words


LIKE a Vaudevillian whose pratfalls include slips on banana peels he strews in
front of himself, President Clinton has done it again. Again he has diminished
whomever he eventually nominates to fill a Supreme Court vacancy by advertising
the fact that he or she is not the President's first choice. Last time Mario
Cuomo was; this time George Mitchell was.

Again the president is allowing the selection process to become so protracted
that all the ideological, racial, ethnic and sexual lobbies can work up a robust
sense of entitlement to the court seat. Given the importance of California - and
Florida and Texas - to the President's re-election plans, he may be looking for
someone with an Hispanic surname.

That would please people who subscribe to the theory of categorical
representation - that people can only be properly represented by people of the
same racial, sexual or ethnic category. That theory is pernicious when applied
to representative institutions, and is doubly so when applied to judicial
institutions. But perhaps the Supreme Court no longer is one.

More important than the nomination of this or that person to the court is the
fact that nominations of justices are nowadays so important in this republic. In
a republic, domestic policy is supposed to be made by elected representatives of
the people. But as Professor Lino Craglia of the University of Texas law school
says, for decades now the Supreme Court has been America's most important
governmental institution. And the court's most important member during this
period, Justice William Brennan, was - although most Americans would not have
recognised his name - the nation's most important political leader.

The court has become the primary engine of government-driven social change, a
superlegislature doing what it believes other legislatures, because of their
obtuseness or cowardice, have neglected to do. Court-propelled change has
encompassed matters of life and death (capital punishment, abortion), the
democratic process (reapportionment), public security (the rights of the
criminally accused, government power to control vagrancy), public
morality(pornography, nudity), race (busing - the assignment of children to
schools on the basis of race), religion (banning school prayers and nativity
scenes that threaten to establish religion) public discourse (rewriting the laws
of lib

el and slander), and so on.

The nomination of 10 consecutive justices by Republican presidents had a
negligible effect on such legislative uses of judicial power. Why? "If
politicians are frequently tempted to venality," writes Craglia, "the
professional temptation of judges - overestimation of one's competence - is even
more dangerous. (Judges) are in fact among the least trustworthy of government
officials. This is to be expected, since they are least subject to external
restraints."

The Constitution, combined with an ethic of judicial self-restraint, should be
such a restraint. However, if judicial review were exercised in a restrained
manner, to overturn only laws clearly incompatible with the Constitution's text,
"it would," as Craglia says, "be exercised so infrequently as to be of little
interest". And court nominations would not seem so momentous.

They are momentous because much of today's judicial activism arises from the
justices' musings on two two-word phrases in an Amendment - the l4th -that was
ratified 79 years after the Constitution was. The phrases "due process" and
"equal protection" often are empty vessels into which justices pour their social
agendas. Judicial review based on those phrases frequently is merely applied
moral philosophy - that of the justices.

Even if the justices are sublime moralists, which they rarely are, what they are
doing cannot be called constitutional law. They are not rendering decisions
based on a search for the Constitution's determinable historical meaning.
Rhetoric about the "living Constitution" is a licence for justices to legislate.
Hence President Clinton's enthusiasm for Mitchell, a highly accomplished and
partisan legislator. However, it is preposterous to suggest that a politician
would be a novelty on America's highest bench.

It is said that Mitchell may want to be chief justice and will park himself at
the ball park, as baseball Commissioner, until William Rehnquist retires. But
will Rehnquist, who seems to be in good health and spirits, step aside in time
for Clinton to replace him with Mitchell, an ideological opponent who in 1986
voted against confirming Rehnquist as chief justice?

Meanwhile, if Mitchell thinks managing Democratic senators has been strenuous,
wait until he tries to get the 28 owners of major league teams to agree on the
time of day. That task is, as the saying goes, "like herding cats".

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1994 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Express

                                August 29, 2004

LEADER; STRAW IS BETTER OFF OUT OF AFRICA

BYLINE: By Tim Shipman DIPLOMATIC EDITOR

SECTION: LEADER; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 842 words


GIVE HIM a pith helmet or a white suit and Jack Straw, Britain's good man in
Africa, would finally look the part - that of a bemused Englishman ill at ease
in the glare of the midday sun and the publicity of another disaster in the
developing world.

The only thing last week that separated the Foreign Secretary from the Empire's
man in Sudan is that the Imperial bureaucrats had something to run and most of
the time they made a positive contribution - which is more than can be said for
Mr Straw.

Tony Blair has described Africa as "a scar on the conscience of the world". In
one sense he was right. Africa is where the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse go
for their team-building meetings.

Famine, civil war, disease and corruption are as endemic in A frica as stealth
taxes are here.

Where Mr Blair is wrong is that Britain is any more to blame for the catastrophe
or can do much about it. The sight of Mr Straw marching into battle, armed only
w ith moral rectitude and a desire to do the right thing, is more likely to
provoke ridicule than an end to the genocide in Sudan, his mission du jour.

He received the same uncomprehending reception experienced by John Prescott in
May at the inauguration of the South African premier.

By contrast, Zimbabwean tyrant Bob Mugabe was accorded a standing ovation. But
Mr Straw has such a touching belief in his own powers of persuasion that he has
elevated the triumph of hope over experience into the central plank of British
foreign policy.

He continues to believe that Iran might be friends with the UK, even as it funds
and arms the Islamic militants killing British soldiers in Iraq and continues to
develop nuclear weapons.

In Africa, he carries the burden of post-colonial guilt that blames 200 years of
imperialism for two millennia of tribal warfare and venality.

Many African countries have now been independent for longer than they were
colonies but as the infrastructure built by the British, French and Portuguese
falls to bits, black leaders continue with mindless policies and the murder of
opponents - and blame the West for their ills.

Africa is still run by a cadre of leaders for whom self-enrichment is the
priority.

If Mr Straw is serious about helping Africa he should leave Sudan alone and head
for Brussels to call for a reform of trade tariffs and the aid system - a device
by which poor people in rich countries give millions to rich people in poor
countries.

The action that would do most to help ordinary Africans, the abolition of the
EU's pernicious Common Agriculture Policy - which amounts to a protectionist
conspiracy against farmers in the developing world and European consumers - is
for ever blocked by the French, who incidentally are happy to host shopping
trips for men like Mugabe in open contravention of sanctions.

MUGABE, as leader of a former British colony, is a particular thorn in the side
of the Foreign Office.

Black opponents, as well as white farmers, have been driven from their land,
beaten and killed by his thugs. Thousands have fled to camps in South Africa.

Where Zimbabwe is concerned, there are three options - invade, get the Africans
to make Mugabe change his ways or the policy of the Foreign Office, wait for the
old so-and-so to die and hope everything turns out well in the end.

It is by no means certain this is not the best policy available. Only an
intervention from South Africa would really have an effect but President Mbeki
would rather stick two fingers up to the West than use his influence to improve
the reputation of his continent.

Meanwhile, Western investors look at Africa as a basket case that can safely be
left to rot in its own hypocrisy.

South Africa has image problems of its own. The furore engulfing Sir Mark
Thatcher's arrest is just another part of this game. On the quiet, South African
officials agree they are embarrassed about their reputation as the clearing
house for military adventurers keen on facilitating regime change elsewhere.

That explains why they are clamping down on the alleged plot to overthrow the
vile leader of Equatorial Guinea, to which Sir Mark has, rightly or wrongly,
been linked. But the use of his surname helpfully embarrasses senior people in
Britain - a double whammy for the South Africans as they curry favour with their
neighbours.

What this apparently bungled coup shows is that, in the absence of freedom and
democracy, if you want a change of government in Africa, the barrel of a gun is
still the best way of achieving it and that paying mercenaries is quicker than
waiting for Africa to clean up its own house.

The tragedy is that yet more ammunition about meddling white men has been handed
to the dictators, thieves and murderers who run Africa - and that will prevent
them facing up to the responsibilities that they alone can shoulder.

Until they start to care about the state of their countries, Mr Blair can forget
his dreams of saving Africa from itself and Mr Straw may as well stay at home.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              782 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 25, 1994

MUCH PAIN, LITTLE GAIN;
Book of the Week: The End Of Innocence by Simon Garfield

BYLINE: Stuart Jeffries

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. T18

LENGTH: 536 words


Often bigoted, sexually ignorant, emotionally repressed - not exactly the best
qualifications for dealing with the biggest sex-related health problem Britain
has ever faced. And yet this is what we got: a government that throughout much
of the eighties seemed temperamentally unable to tackle Aids and save lives.

Even Norman Fowler, health secretary for much of that time, reputedly said to a
colleague at a press conference: "Oral sex?  I had no idea you get it from
talking dirty." To be fair, Fowler emerges as one of the more responsible
members of the government, fighting against loony tune colleagues and groups
such as the Conservative Family Campaign, whose solution to Aids was the
isolation of all those infected and the recriminalisation of homosexuality.
Margaret Thatcher feared that Fowler and Sir Donald Acheson, chief medical
officer, would overreact to a problem that she, initially, reckoned was one gay
men should deal with themselves.

How seriously she later came to regard Aids can be judged by the fact that in
her memoirs, The Downing Street Years, there is no reference to her government's
biggest health challenge. By June 1994, 6,388 people had died of Aids in Britain
- some of whom could have been spared had the government acted more swiftly.
Garfield does not belabour these points as he realises the facts speak
eloquently for themselves. Indeed the book is throughout a triumph of sober,
intelligent journalism. Garfield guiltily admits at the outset that many of
those with closer experience with Aids will not empathise with his enthusiasm:
here was a "good story" with almost everything - sex, blood, death, science,
religion, film stars - even (thanks to Princess Di) a royal angle. But he should
not feel guilty since such enthusiasm puts him in a good position to recount a
history.

It is a history that starts in Manchester in 1959 with the first, undiagnosed,
case of Aids. It deals well with the gradual emergence of Aids as something more
than a "gay-related cancer" in the early eighties, and with the despair of the
gay community, its remarkable revolutions in sexual behaviour and
self-confidence at a time when it was confronted with those antitheses of
compassionate understanding - the Old Testament judgments of James Anderton and
the venality of the tabloids.

Garfield is also impressive in his painstakingly researched accounts of how
haemophiliacs contracted Aids and on medical research (not least the painful
story of the hopes for AZT and the subsequent disappointments it caused).

Better yet are his interviews - Garfield recognises the power of dramatising his
story in human terms. His interview with Derek Jarman and the account of the
film-maker's funeral are deeply moving. But if there is a fault with The End Of
Innocence, it is its upbeat ending.

True, the Health Education Authority now makes exemplary videos on Aids and the
cabinet may no longer include the likes of Lord Hailsham. But there is still
enough complacency and denial around, especially among heterosexual men of a
certain age, to warrant greater caution.

The End Of Innocence: Britain In The Time Of AIDS by Simon Garfield (Faber
pounds 17.50).

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              783 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            October 2, 2004 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Repetitive saga of Bush family;
BOOKS

BYLINE: Reviewed by Sylvia Jukes Morris

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Review; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 713 words


The Family: The Real Story of the Bush Dynasty, by Kitty Kelley. Doubleday.
$59.95

Kitty Kelley, the tireless author of exposes of Elizabeth Taylor, Frank Sinatra
and the British royal family, among others, is dauntingly ambitious in the scope
of her latest venture. She begins her saga early in the 20th century with
descriptions of Samuel Prescott Bush, an Ohio steel magnate, and George Herbert
Walker, a Missouri speculator and railroad tycoon, and ends 600 pages later,
with their great-grandson, President George Walker Bush, theatrically landing on
the deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln to declare an end to major combat operations
in the 2003 Iraq war.

Its tone is for the most part accusatory, presenting as fact, or by speculation
and innuendo, shady financial dealings, duplicity, manipulation, hypocrisy,
political wire-pulling, outright lies, and generations of substance abuse.

More than 100 books have already been published about the Bushes. This latest,
begun in 2000 and released fortuitously - or not, if you're a Bush supporter -
seven weeks before the 2004 election, shows signs of haste in writing and
editing. Cliches abound, as do strained metaphors.

Some interviews are dated as late as this March, reducing to five months (from
an ideal minimum of nine) the time available for checking a big book's accuracy
and style. This lack shows, especially in repetitiveness.

The four sons and surviving daughter of George Herbert Walker Bush have their
derelictions and peccadilloes catalogued twice or thrice over. Until the eldest,
George Walker, sobers up at age 40, Kelley trumpets ad nauseam his drinking and
drug excesses. His borrowing from his father's friends to finance his business
aspirations is similarly dwelt on. We are told twice that he made $15 million on
an initial investment of $500,000 when the Texas Rangers were sold. Was this
venality, or just good luck? There is little new here, except the assertion (now
denied) by Sharon Bush, a former sister-in-law, that George W. "did coke" at
Camp David during his father's presidency.

Kelley finds other Bushes guilty by association or condemned by third-hand
hearsay. Laura Welch, the future first lady, is shown as a marijuana-smoking
student at Southern Methodist University. A friend of "many" of Laura's
classmates says unequivocally: "She sold dope." This informant is named in the
text, but he now says that he spoke off the record and has been quoted out of
context.

An infuriating pseudo-scholarship pervades. Dozens of books, articles,
interviews and "records" are massed as back matter - 33 pages in all - along
with five pages of bibliography. Yet, because no important fact or quote is
numbered in the text or keyworded in the notes, even the most diligent searcher
will have trouble tracking sources.

All this being said, Kelley's account of the rise and rise of the Bush family is
both inspirational and cautionary.

She shows that good looks, energy, athleticism, ambition, felicitous marriages
and social networking can compensate for intellectual ordinariness. George H.W.
used to boast about not reading books, and George W. is not often seen at the
Washington Opera. Indeed, the family's cultural shortcomings may have sped its
public advancement. As Clare Boothe Luce once said, after a few weeks in
Congress: "Politics is the refuge of second-class minds."

A common sense of destiny does not, apparently, make the Bushes careful on the
climb. According to Kelley, they are risk-takers in finance, sex and illicit
drug use. George H.W., for instance, lived from 1955 to 1966 in Texas houses
with racially restrictive covenants, contrary to state law, at a time when his
father was in Congress fighting for civil rights.

Although Kitty Kelley has the reputation of trash-mongering - and profiting
handsomely from it - she can also be seen as a moralist. She outs leaders and
celebrities with the zeal of an evangelist because she wants them to be better.
And she wants us to see them as they really are, so that in our outrage we will
demand reform or repentance. Yet most of us persist in seeing public figures
through the rose-colored glasses of their own image control. As Machiavelli put
it: "The great majority of mankind is satisfied with appearances as though they
were realities."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Father and son: a belief in destiny.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2004 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                             March 14, 2003, Friday

Strauss is badly short-changed

BYLINE: By Rupert Christiansen

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 513 words

Opera Ariadne on Naxos;

Die Fledermaus ENGLISH TOURING OPERA

THE PROBLEM of English Touring Opera remains unresolved. The Arts Council likes
the idea of a medium-scale operation visiting venues that our bigger subsidised
companies don't reach, but the Eastern European troupes, with their full-scale,
one-night-only versions of Aida and Tosca, have flooded the same market.
Something must be done. But who is empowered to do it?

Meanwhile, ETO struggles on. For its winter season, it is presenting Bill
Bankes-Jones's timid production of Die Fledermaus. It looks cheapskate. Tim
Meacock's set reminds me of a row of changing cubicles in a swimming pool. More
money has been spent on lavish period costumes, but the show lacks sparkle,
glamour and comic energy. The gimmick - a Frosch (David Gooderson) who talks in
Stanley Unwin Jabberwocky - I could have done without.

The one admirable performance came from Charlotte Kinder, a prim little madam of
an Adele who struck gold at the end of Mein Herr Marquis. Her ghastly arriviste
employers fared less well: Margaret Preece's Rosalinda sounded uncomfortable
throughout, and her shrill, effortful csardas was clearly as much of an ordeal
for her as it was for the audience; Andrew Rupp has a warm and musical baritone,
but his Eisenstein lacked lechery, venality and vulgarity. Owen Gilhooly sang
Falke, Catherine Griffiths Orlofsky. Neither struck sparks in their big numbers.
Why was Orlofsky dressed as a cavalry officer?

Tecwyn Evans conducted a firm, brisk and bandmasterish account of the score,
lacking in charm and elasticity. The audience at the King's Theatre, Southsea,
seemed perfectly happy with it all, but I left feeling that the shade of Johann
Strauss had been badly short-changed.

About the accompanying production of Richard Strauss's Ariadne on Naxos, the
less said the better. Although it may look like a chamber work suited to ETO's
modest resources, it also poses sophisticated musical challenges that defeat all
but the most accomplished and experienced.

None of ETO's cast gets anywhere near them. Carol Smith made a charmless, stolid
Ariadne; her Bacchus, Paul McNamara, was wretchedly out of his depth. Eva
Kallberg gave a brave account of Zerbinetta's aria: it might have sounded fine
at an end-of-term concert, but it doesn't yet meet a professional standard.
Mezzo-soprano Arlene Rolph was miscast as the Composer - she sounded quavery and
strained, reminding one that it's really a soprano role. The ensembles of nymphs
and the Harlequinade kept falling out of tune, and somebody might have informed
David Gooderson that the Major-Domo is meant to be funny.

Richard Farnes conducted sensitively, but never raised the temperature above
tepid. Colin Graham's perfunctory staging, borrowed from the Britten-Pears
School at Aldeburgh, didn't help - it looked as though it had been thrown
together in an afternoon. A dismally misguided venture: ETO won't survive - and
doesn't deserve to - if it can't do better than this.

Tour information: 020 7820 1131; www.englishtouringopera.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 Telegraph Group Limited


                              785 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            August 16, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

The glass is half-full for an India transformed

BYLINE: Randeep Ramesh

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 576  words


Afew years ago, I visited an Indian software millionaire at his headquarters in
Bangalore for a story about the country's computer industry software is modern
India's spice, a precious commodity.

I marvelled at rows of programmers working in Japanese; I gawped at basketball
courts and pizza eateries imported to give an authentic Silicon Valley feel.
Then, in the manner of many educated Indians, the entrepreneur quizzed me on
which university I had gone to (Cambridge) and the subject I had studied
(physics), before declaring I had been "born in the wrong country".

"The British system has come to this taking scientists and making them
journalists," he said with a smile. "Just imagine the opportunities you missed
by not being born here." In my youth I would have laughed that comment away. I
had grown up shuttling between my birthplace, London, and India, my parents'
homeland.

My earliest memories are of the open sewers and endless slumlands of my father's
Mumbai, or Bombay as it was then, and the tropical sloth of my mother's home in
Kerala. Nothing worked in India then. There were phones, but the lines were
mostly dead.

Frequent blackouts meant the fridge was hotter than outside. Like my
grandfather's battered Fiat, India appeared to go faster backwards than
forwards.

But a decade ago, while the rest of the world was looking the other way, change
began to happen fast. Suddenly people could buy Marks & Spencer underwear and
CorningWare dishes. My Indian cousins, who had diligently studied science
subjects, left India for jobs with companies in places such as Singapore and
California.

Since I pitched up in 2003 to live and work in Delhi, I have witnessed firsthand
the arrival of a golden age. Making and spending money has become respected in a
country where poverty was once revered. Middle- income Westerners now feel poor
in the upmarket postcodes of big cities.

Yet it would be wrong to think that India has become just like everywhere else.
Yes, an economic miracle is under way and there is now a capabale elite. But the
paradox is that this modernising nation is still steeped in myth and legend.

The country faces real problems venality and the widespread acceptance of
corruption tarnishes the pride Indians take in their most tangible achievement
democracy.

The abuse of public office for private profit reaches comical proportions in
India. Family connections, privileges of caste and a pathological willingness to
break the law characterise many social relations.

Hanging in the air, too, is desperate poverty.

There are 260 million poor people, and more than 1000 children die of diarrhoea
every day. Official poverty numbers are going down, but not fast enough.

Living in India sometimes feels like living in a cult, with hundreds of millions
of souls convinced of the country's inevitable rise to global, nuclear-armed
power. The privileged classes and castes have been gripped by a psychology of
ascendancy, anticipating the greatness that imperialism and the cold war denied
them. In fact, development for most Indians is a state of mind.Long gone is the
view that Britain is a country to be admired or emulated. Like the Americans,
Indians have become more confident and assertive.

They see glasses half-full, not half-empty.

India wakes up with a smile on its face each morning, because its people know
that the past may have been yours, but the future belongs to them.

Randeep Ramesh, the Guardian's Delhi correspondent.

Guardian

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 30, 1981, Wednesday, Final Edition

Fans Know Enough Not to Care Anymore;
Few Care About 'Races

BYLINE: Thomas Boswell

SECTION: Sports; Thomas Boswell; D1

LENGTH: 759 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, Sept. 29, 1981


Each afternoon, like Einstein filling his blackboard with integrals, Earl Weaver
sits in his hotel room cramming sheets of paper with numbers as he tries to
solve his own problem in mathematical relativity.

What happens to his Baltimore Orioles is, of course, relative to what happens to
everybody else in the five-way American League East lunatic asylum.

Before Monday's game here, Weaver thought he finally had it figured out. "If we
lose tonight and Milwaukee wins, we're mathematically eliminated," said Weaver,
who had already told the same theory to Detroit TV broadcasters.

"Don't think you are," I said.

"I wish we weren't, but yes we are."

"No, you aren't."

"Are, too."

"Are not."

"Wanna bet?"

"A dollar."

"You're on," grinned Weaver. "Watch out. You're in my area now."

"Arithmetic?"

"No, this is still baseball."

Several pages of scribbling later, Weaver, contesting every fact and premise,
was delighted to discover he was wrong.

"Well, that's a relief," said Weaver, who would much rather lose a dispute than
suffer the worse fate of not having anything to argue about. "Well, that's even
better," said Weaver. "I want to figure these things out before the game. Don't
want to be like Danny Ozark the year the Phillies were mathematically eliminated
and the writers came in and said, 'What do you think, Danny?' and he said, 'It
isn't over till it's over' and they had to tell him, 'It's already over, Danny.'
"

What this little tale proves, unfortunately, is that Weaver and I are among the
dwindling number of benighted birdbrains who still care what happens in the last
few days of this season of sham and shame.

Baseball's problem isn't that nobody can figure out what's going on.

The far bigger problem is that alarmingly few people care.

Contrary to P.T. Barnum's dictum, there may actually be limits beyond which it
is not possible to insult, con and bilk the American public.

Whatever baseball's crimes of venality and stupidity may be this year, they are
now being punished with a vengeance that the game will take decades to forget.
"Look at the attendance for 'pennant-race' games," says Weaver. "It's
disgraceful . . . I'll just be glad when this season is over, win or lose."

If one franchise epitomized the ludicrous argument used to defend the split
season, it was Minnesota. Without a fresh start to sucker fans, bad clubs would
suffer an attendance disaster which would redouble the damage done by the
strike.

So, on Monday, the Twins had their dream game. Minnesota was host to first-place
Kansas City. If the Twins won, they'd be 1 1/2 games out of first. Open those
gates wide, Calvin Griffith.

How many fans came to this paradigm of why the second season was created?

Answer: 3,654.

That's the rule in baseball this September, not the exception.

On Monday, Milwaukee entertained Boston. Attendance: 11,334.

"As far as I can tell, Detroit's the only city that's still interested in this .
. . season," says Weaver.

The worst news is that traditional baseball fans, who long ago thumbed their
noses at the game and said, "See you next year . . . maybe," are missing a
unique three-dollar bill of a final week. It may be a fake, but, if you don't
look at it too rigorously, it's a first-class forgery.

Everybody has their favorite choice of scenarios.

The most elegant plot of all is the one which has the Orioles winning on the
season's final day over Milwaukee -- 29-22 (.569) to 30-23 (.566) -- with Boston
and Detroit ending a half-game behind at 29-23.

Far-fetched? Not really.

Say the Orioles win their last four, including three this weekend in Baltimore
from the Yankees (who now say they won't pitch either Ron Guidry or Tommy John,
saving them for the miniplayoffs).

Then, assume that Boston beats Milwaukee Wednesday and that Milwaukee wins two
of three from Detroit. Finally assume that Boston loses two of three to
Cleveland.

Boston and Detroit each would lose because, by pure accident, they had to play
one more game than Baltimore. Milwaukee becomes the first team in baseball
history to end the season tied for first place, only to be knocked out by .003.

Could anything be worse?

Yes. If the team with the best overall record for the whole season in all of
baseball were, somehow, eliminated entirely from the eight-team playoffs, that
would be even more ludicrous and repulsive.

And, betcha a dollar, that's almost certainly going happen.

The club is the Cincinnati Reds, currently the only .600 team of '81 and on the
verge of elimination from the playoffs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              787 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Morning Star

                               February 04, 2004

Violence will not solve the problem;
 LAW IN A LAWLESS LAND - DIARY OF A LIMPIEZAIN COLOMBIA by Michael Taussig (The
New Press, GBP 14.95)

SECTION:  Pg. 9

LENGTH: 919 words


IN 1985, the FARC guerilla leadership in Colombia decided to test the
government's promise of an end to the terror and a new democratic start by
forming a legal political party, the Union Patriotica, not unlike Sinn Fein in
Northern Ireland, and put up candidates forelection.

By 1995, the death squads had assassinated between two and three thousand of its
members, including senators and two presidential candidates.

Such is the empty rhetoric of democracy in Latin America's most blooddrenched
land. Colombia comes in third after Israel and Egypt as the biggest recipient of
US "aid" and, not surprisingly, comes first in the number of assassinations.

Many of those killed are trade unionists, progressive journalists or simply
ordinary citizens voicing their rights.

The author of Law In A Lawless Land, Michael Taussig, is professor of
anthropology at Columbia University (USA) who has spent long periods living in
Colombia from 1969 onwards and most of that time he spent in a few small towns
in the Cauca valley near Cali, where much of the killing has taken place.

He kept a diary over two weeks in 2001 while he was there and, in this diary, he
attempts dispassionately to describe what he sees and hears and to understand
why it is happening.

He takes the reader on a Kafkaesque journey through hell. He paints an
apocalyptical Hieronymus Bosch world of senseless murder, torture, fear and
oppression in the midst of what passes as normal daily life in one of the most
beautiful countries on earth.

It is a short book - only 200 pages - but, in it, Taussig manages to distil the
elements of venality, corruption, brutality and disintegration wreaked by the
forces of darkness on this tragic country.

He holds no clear ideological position, but lets the voices of those he lives
with and talks to, ordinary small-town Colombians from all walks of life,
present their perspectives on reality .

He probes and delves, trying to discover the rationale behind this apparent
mayhem, but ends up tramping in circles.

One person blames the mafia, anoth - er the guerillas, yet another the rightwing
paramilitaries or even the regular forces of "law and order, " the police and
army.

There is widespread fear and ignorance fuelled by myth and rumour. Any serious
attempt to penetrate to the core is fraught with the danger of being bumped off
oneself.

There are even those who support the paramilitaries because "they bring law and
order, " they eliminate the petty criminals who plague these small towns as well
as the leftists.

This is a compelling and compassionate diary, but it left me somewhat frustrated
because I felt that I was getting no nearer to gaining a proper understanding of
what is going on.

I wanted to know the history and gestation of this apparently senseless,
fratricidal war.

Through the chinks, as the diary unfolds, one does slowly begin to realise that
the forces of the wealthy oligarchs, the rich cane field owners and the army are
perhaps the chief driving forces behind the viciousness, but the nebulous
network of relationships and command structures remains hidden.

Taussig writes well and manages to convey superbly the normality of people's
daily lives fractured by the abnor - mality of gratuitous and vicious
executions, of mangled bodies dumped by the roadside and of fathers and sons
shot in their beds in front of their families.

He reflects the daily fear, the helplessness and hopelessness of a people at the
mercy of powerful forces beyond their control, where even the most rudimentary
rule of law has broken down.

He asks one friend why he thinks that the right-wing paramilitaries are now
playing the role once taken by the police and army alone and is told:

"Because, in this way, the authorities avoid accusations of human rights
abuses."

In his final chapter, Taussig does give a short and very useful and concise
history of violence in Colombia, beginning with the civil war in 1949 when the
Liberal and the Conservative parties squabbled over the division of spoils in
this wealthy country.

Out of this struggle, the left-wing guerilla movement emerged, later strongly
influenced by the Cuban example and the ideas of Marxism, in an attempt to
counter rampant and law - less capitalism and create a country of justice.

It is an ironic fact that Colombia's strongest guerilla movement FARC is, no
doubt, indirectly involved in the drug trade in order to finance its struggle,
but this is not really surprising.

In the areas under its control, it protects the growers, mainly poor peasants
and taxes the middle-men who supply the lucrative US market.

This, though, has been seized upon by ruling circles in the US to legitimise its
military and logistical support for the Colombian government under the guise of
"the war on drugs, " which, in reality, is an attempt to smash the oldest and
most effective guerilla movement in Latin America.

The fact that the right wing, the paramilitaries and the army are operating some
of the biggest drug cartels is kept conveniently hidden.

It is also not widely known that our own government, to its shame, is involved
in helping the US in its covert war against the left-wing guerillas in Colombia.

The terrible conclusion of the book is that violence seems to work in the sense
that it effectively silences rebellion and cleans up the streets.

But, I would argue, at the terrible cost of a much deeper and incurable malaise.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2004

               Copyright 2004 People's Press Printing Society Ltd


                              788 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 17, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

"CABARET" PORTRAYS THE UNTHINKABLE WITH NERVE

BYLINE: Judith Newmark; Post-Dispatch Theater Critic

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. F3

LENGTH: 723 words



How do you talk about something too terrible to talk about?

Director Sam Mendes approaches the question with equal parts of imagination and
nerve in his acclaimed new production of "Cabaret," which opened Tuesday night
at the Fox Theatre. It succeeds in making a 36-year-old show resonate as if it
were brand-new.

It's also extremely disturbing. The Kander and Ebb Broadway musical is
considered mainstream theater, but this production is as edgy as it gets. The
raw dances (choreographed by Rob Marshall, who is also co-director) and the
gender-bender performance by Jon Peterson as the emcee at the seedy Kit Kat Klub
create a dissolute atmosphere, reeking with ominous possibilities.

None of which is more ominous than reality.

"Cabaret" is set in Berlin in 1930. We know what's just around the corner; this
society is on the edge of collapse into complete moral decay. You can't talk
about that, Mendes seems to say, without venturing to the edge yourself.

And that's just where he goes in the strongest scenes, the production numbers
set at the club. These scenes employ the whole visual vocabulary of decay:
jutting hips and licking lips, tattoos and torn black hose. Musically, they are
just as vicious, with Peterson and the chorus grinding out the anti-sentimental
rhythms of "Money," "Two Ladies" and "If You Could See Her." When Joely Fisher,
who plays chanteuse Sally Bowles, delivers her powerful rendition of the title
song, she wavers toward the microphone and hangs onto it for support, like a
drunk. Of course, it fails her. In this world, nothing is stable any more.

These stylized numbers address the play's subject - the rise of Nazi Germany -
by indirection. They are blunt in their harsh eroticism and venality, but subtly
off-track in their allusions to the rapidly deteriorating political situation.
The Emcee makes vicious, teasing jokes about Hitler and anti-Semitism; these
hints of cruelty force us to consider the real cruelty ahead.

The plotted scenes feel a little clunky by contrast. At one point the hero,
Cliff (Jay Goede), an American writer who's a straight arrow though not exactly
straight, tells Sally, "I ought to sit you down and read you a newspaper."
Everybody else is either pro-Nazi or in denial.

In Mendes' production, Cliff and Sally's strange love story is no more important
than the touching romance between Cliff's spinster landlady (Alma Cuervo, a
favorite of audiences at the Repertory Theatre of St. Louis) and a widowed
Jewish fruit merchant (Hal Robinson). The scenes at the boarding house where the
love stories play out are not as imaginative as those at the club (though they
do include surrealistic elements as the Emcee wanders around, unseen). Still,
they drive home the point that ordinary lives will be affected by the coming
catastrophe. And the singing is consistently strong, even if sound system
problems sometimes interfere with both instruments and intelligibility.

This isn't exactly the production that won the 1998 Tony for Best Musical
Revival. It can't be. That was set in a small theater; the audience for
"Cabaret" was drawn into the show as the audience at the cabaret. That intimacy
is, of course, lost at the big Fox. Nevertheless, it's an impressive production
on its own terms, and the two-level set makes the distinctions between the club
and the other settings clear.

The chorus - if that is even the term - is wonderful. They play instruments in
the onstage band, dance brilliantly and sing as well as they need to. They are
Jessica Perrizo, Alison Ewing, Stacey Sipowicz, Shana Mahoney, Jeanine Morick,
Susan Taylor, Michael Curry, Thomas Cannizzaro, Shaun Amyot and Corey Brill.

The show's aggressively eroticized, disquieting look is the creation of scenic
designer Robert Brill, lighting designers Peggy Eisenhauer and Mike Baldassari,
make-up and hair designer Randy Houston Mercer, and costume designer William
Ivey Long. It scarcely seems dated, thanks to "heroin chic," and forces us to
realize how modern "Cabaret" is. From a historical standpoint, this happened
yesterday.

=========

"Cabaret"

Where: Fox Theatre, 527 North Grand Boulevard

When: 8 tonight; 8 p.m. Friday; 2 p.m. and 8 p.m. Saturday; 2 p.m. and 7:30 p.m.
Sunday

How much: $ 17-$ 48

Tickets: (314) 534-1111

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo - Joely Fisher plays chanteuse Sally Bowles.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              789 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            February 6, 2005, Sunday

Trial and error

BYLINE: Michael Ross

SECTION: Features; Eire Culture 13

LENGTH: 494 words


One rite of passage among European rock bands eager to break into the US market
is to write a song about the States, usually a collage of images and half-
formed impressions. As Spinal Tap put it in the song America: "Super highways
here and there/ Pretty women everywhere/ Brady Bunch and Smokey Bear."

Limited though the response may be, it is an acknowledgment not only of the
scale of the place and the variety of experience that it promises, but also of
the reality that America is different. Its norms are not ours and Americans'
extremes can still reveal the divide between them and us, as the trial of
Michael Jackson has already shown, with radio coverage here grappling for a
foothold on the story.

RTE's recently installed US correspondent, Robert Shortt, had the advantage of
being present in Santa Maria, the Californian town in which the trial is taking
place. His pieces for the station's Five Seven Live show provided the most
illuminating coverage, combining wide-eyed astonishment at his new surroundings
with sober, anthropological reporting.

The contrast with what was happening on NewsTalk was instructive, and
illustrated the difference between a national station than can deliver editorial
consistency, and a shoestring operation that lacks quality control.

Just how low the quality can go in such an operation was demonstrated by Orla
Barry, who on Monday spoke about the court case to a psychiatrist based in
California, who lost no time in laying into Jackson, deeming him to be a
predatory paedophile and recommending that his children be taken into care
immediately, even before the first witness in the trial has been heard.

It turned out that she had a lengthy rap sheet in relation to Jackson. She spoke
about her previous efforts to draw official attention to him, which included
holding a press conference and calling on the social services to intervene. "On
my website," she continued, as the penny finally dropped that she was merely a
narcissistic hustler using the trial for base self-promotion.

All this venality passed squalidly without a murmur of dissent from Barry.
Perhaps this was merely an oversight -or a momentary lapse -but even the most
benignly disposed might suspect that it was deliberate, perhaps driven by a fear
of antagonising a woman who may prove useful in filling airtime over the
expected six-month duration of the trial.

Elsewhere on NewsTalk the coverage was mostly a model of good journalism on a
limited budget, as the Breakfast Show's Eamon Dunphy discussed the case with its
eminently sensible US reporter Henry Cabot Beck.

However, even Cabot Beck couldn't resist assessing the prosecution's case long
before it has been made. It amounted, like those songs about America, to little
more than a collage of images and half-formed impressions. It doesn't take a
creepy Californian shrink to show that prejudice comes in many forms.

michael.ross@sunday-times.ie


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Radio waves

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              790 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Death and whiskey: the real wild west;
The great anti-heroic westerns that capture the madness of frontier life

BYLINE: FILM PAUL WHITINGTON

SECTION: REVIEW;FEATURES; REVIEW; Pg. 18,19

LENGTH: 1714 words


If you have any lingering romantic notions about the wild west, Tommy Lee Jones'
new film will quickly cure them. Set in Nebraska and Iowa in the 1830s, The
Homesman stars Hilary Swank as Mary Bee Cuddy, a middle-aged spinster from a
tiny community that clings together on the open plains. When three young women
are driven mad by the unremitting harshness of frontier life, Mary Bee agrees to
accompany the girls east to the safety of a religious shelter in Iowa.

Doing this will mean passing through country contested by desperadoes and Native
American tribes, so Mary Bee brings with her a resourceful but scheming claim
jumper called George Briggs (Jones). Neither of them is fully prepared for what
they will encounter on their journey, and Mr. Jones' film gives us a very clear
idea of just how dreadful life on the western frontiers was.

The Homesman is a fine example of a revisionist or 'anti' western, films that
set out to debunk the old heroic myths about the settlement of the American
west. This sub-genre is generally considered to have its roots in the
counter-culture movement of the 1960s, but you could argue that the trend
started even earlier, as western masters like John Ford and Anthony Mann began
to reassess the myths they themselves had been so successfully peddling.

When Hollywood's fledgling studios first began making westerns, the lawless time
they based their adventures on had only just ended. The true story of the wild
west's settlement was so unseemly that it needed serious redaction, and
gradually a more palatable version of events began to make its way on to the
world's cinema screens.

In the genre's heyday in the 1930s and 40s, things were pretty clear-cut along
the western frontier. The good guys wore white, the bad guys wore black and
Indians were a bunch of irredeemable savages who were usually taught a stern
lesson by the irreproachable US Cavalry, who blew bugles and drew swords and
never got their uniforms dirty. The gunfights were short and sweet, and only a
scoundrel shot anyone in the back.

All nonsense, of course. The real gun battles in Dodge City and elsewhere where
conducted by drunken rednecks who were as likely to be killed by their own
exploding guns as they were by each other. In the mid to late 19th century the
US Cavalry conducted a rolling campaign of genocide as they pushed various
indigenous tribes off lands they'd roamed for thousands of years so that greedy
loggers, cattle barons and prospectors could march right in and plunder them.

This was not the story white America necessarily wanted to hear, but after World
War Two a more realistic and morally ambiguous tone began to work its way into
the Hollywood western. James Edward Grant's 1947 film Angel and the Badman was
among the first westerns to question the glorification of violence: John Wayne
played a notorious gunman called Quirt Evans who's taken in by a kindly Quaker
family and is gradually converted to their pacifist cause.

The idea of the west as a heroic place was quietly debunked by Samuel Fuller is
his début feature, I Shot Jesse James, which told the story of a supposed feud
between James' killer Robert Ford, and the man who would eventually kill him,
Edward Kelley. The film was unusual in that none of its leading male characters
were especially nice, and the Jesse James shooting would later provide the
inspiration for one of the greatest anti-westerns of them all.

In the 1950s Anthony Mann and James Stewart teamed up to make some truly great
westerns, and their 1953 film The Naked Spur is one of the most interesting,
because it challenged Stewart to play a grubby and genuinely disreputable
character, and exploded the Hollywood idea of bounty hunting as an honourable
profession.

In his later years John Ford began to have misgivings about how Native Americans
had been depicted in his films. The first hint of this came in The Searchers
(1956), which is regarded by many as the greatest western ever made. Its plot
sounds unremarkable: when Comanches attack a Texas settler homestead and kidnap
two young girls, their uncle spends years looking for them. But the character of
Ethan Edwards made this a very different kind of western: a swaggering Civil War
veteran, he becomes consumed by racism and bitterness as he hunts down the gang
that took his nieces.

In his 1964 film, Cheyenne Autumn, Ford would go further, dramatising the
duplicity with which the Cheyenne nation were treated. Richard Widmark played a
sympathetic Cavalry officer who is ordered to stop 300 starving Cheyenne from
leaving their government-imposed Oklahoma reservation and returning to their
Wyoming homelands. It's along and moving film, but this being the early 1960s,
legendary Cheyenne chief Little Wolf was played by a Mexican, Ricardo Montalban.

By the mid-1960s the western had drifted out of fashion, but received a shot in
the arm from a very unlikely source. The spaghetti westerns of Sergio Leone and
other Italian film-makers were shot on the fly in locations like Almeria and
Andalucia that could cheaply imitate the deserts of the American southwest. And
while in one sense their glorification of gun-play and violence was hardly
revisionist, their bleak view of wild west morality was totally at odds with the
mores of classic Hollywood westerns.

The hero in the white hat was gone for good, replaced by the ruthless and
profiteering bounty killers played by Clint Eastwood and Lee Van Cleef in films
like A Fistful of Dollars (1964) and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966).
Those films made Eastwood a star, and he would make his own significant
contribution to the genre in the 1970s, 80s and 90s.

Sergio Leone and others revived interest in the western back in America, where
the conventions of cowboy stories were radically reassessed in the wake of the
1960s counter-cultural revolution. Sam Peckinpah's 1969 movie The Wild Bunch was
heavily criticised for its graphic slow-motion violence, but provided a very
interesting take on western myths.

William Holden starred as Pike Bishop, an ageing gunman and gang leader who
realises that he and his outlaw comrades have become an anachronism in the
settled west. Peckinpah's film was also a commentary on the rapidly escalating
Vietnam War, and his deliberately gory gun battles were intended as an antidote
to Hollywood's usual sanitisation of violence.

McCabe& Mrs. Miller (1971) is an extraordinarily bleak anti-western, and
possibly the best film that Robert Altman ever made. It upends the conventions
of the genre by setting its story in a snowy northwestern town and making its
hero a cagey coward whose supposed expertise with a pistol is always in doubt.
Warren Beatty starred as John McCabe, a gambler who sets up a brothel in a
frontier town with the help of a cockney madam (Julie Christie). In a memorable
climax, he confronts three bounty hunters and doesn't exactly stick to
Queensbury Rules.

Dick Richards' 1972 drama The Culpepper Cattle Co. was one of the best of that
decade's revisionist westerns, and starred Gary Grimes as a young farmhand whose
dreams of a glamorous cowboy life are shattered when he's hired for a cattle
drive and is humiliated at every turn. The film exposes the venality and greed
of the supposed heroes who settled the western United States.

The principal victims of that venality, of course, were the great Native
American tribes that were slaughtered like dogs and driven off the plains into
barren, hopeless reservations. Traditionally depicted as sub-human savages in
Hollywood westerns, they were given a very fair hearing by Kevin Costner in his
multi Oscar-winning 1990 drama Dances with Wolves.

Costner starred as John Dunbar, a US Cavalry lieutenant who's adopted by a
Lakota (Sioux) tribe and quickly becomes outraged by their treatment.

At this remove the film seems clumsy and sentimental at times, but was at least
a genuine attempt to view the Indian Wars from a Native American point of view.

Andrew Dominik's 2007 film The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert
Ford is one of the finest and most overlooked revisionist westerns, and
perfectly captures the pointlessness and nihilism of an outlaw's life. Brad Pitt
starred as Jesse James, who's tired of fighting and so haunted by his many
crimes that he almost courts his eventual killer, Robert Ford.

But if it's a film that totally debunks the myths of the old west you're after,
look no further than Kelly Reichardt's Meek's Cutoff (2010), a gruelling drama
about a small group of mid-19th century settlers who get lost in the wilds of
Oregon. You'd have to have been either mad or desperate to expose yourself to
the dreadful hardships those early settlers endured in a harsh and pitiless
landscape where life was short and brutal and danger waited around every bend.
The old west was wild alright, and no wonder Hollywood decided to sanitise it.

CLINT EASTWOOD'S REVISIONIST MASTERPIECE AFTER Unforgiven, Clint Eastwood said
he'd never make another western, and since then he's kept his word. But what a
note to end on, because his 1992 film bears comparison with the work of his
great hero, John Ford. It's also a film that exposes the myths of the great
gunfighters that stalked the old west. Eastwood starred as William Munny, a
former desperado who now tends a pig farm and cares for his two children.

(Morgan Freeman), are tempted out of retirement by a bounty being offered for
the killing of a man who disfigured a prostitute in snowy Wyoming. With a badly
drawn wanted poster as their only guide, it's entirely possible they'll shoot
the wrong guy, and when they get to Big Whiskey they fall foul of a vindictive
sheriff. Eastwood's evocative film explores the mindless anarchy of frontier
towns overrun by drunken, trigger-happy idiots who killed or died by chance.

(Morgan Freeman), are tempted out of retirement by a bounty being offered for
the killing of a man who disfigured a prostitute in snowy Wyoming. With a badly
drawn wanted poster as their only guide, it's entirely possible they'll shoot
the wrong guy, and when they get to Big Whiskey they fall foul of a vindictive
sheriff. Eastwood's evocative film explores the mindless anarchy of frontier
towns overrun by drunken, trigger-happy idiots who killed or died by chance.

He and an old friend, Ned

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anti-western: Tommy Lee Jones directs and stars in 'The Homesman', set
in Nebraska, released in Irish cinemas November 21John Wayne in The Searchers
(1956) and Brad Pitt as Jesse James (2007)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 17, 1994, Sunday, Final Edition

0 for 2

George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C7

LENGTH: 802 words


Like a vaudevillian whose pratfalls include slips on banana peels he strews in
front of himself, President Clinton has done it again. Again he has diminished
whomever he eventually nominates to fill a Supreme Court vacancy, by advertising
the fact that he or she is not the president's first choice. Last time Mario
Cuomo was; this time George Mitchell was.

Again the president is allowing the selection process to become so protracted
that all the ideological, racial, ethnic and sexual lobbies can work up a robust
sense of entitlement to the court seat. Given the importance of California --
and Florida and Texas -- to the president's reelection plans, he may be looking
for someone with a Hispanic surname.

That would please people who subscribe to the theory of categorical
representation -- that people can only be properly represented by people of the
same racial, sexual or ethnic category. That theory is pernicious when applied
to representative institutions, and is doubly so when applied to judicial
institutions. But perhaps the Supreme Court no longer is one.

More important than the nomination of this or that person to the court is the
fact that nominations of justices are nowadays so important in this republic. In
a republic, domestic policy is supposed to be made by elected representatives of
the people. But as Prof. Lino Graglia of the University of Texas law school
says, for decades now the Supreme Court has been America's most important
governmental institution. And the court's most important member during this
period, Justice William Brennan, was -- although most Americans would not have
recognized his name -- the nation's most important political leader.

The court has become the primary engine of government-driven social change, a
superlegislature doing what it believes other legislatures, because of their
obtuseness or cowardice, have neglected to do. Court-propelled change has
encompassed matters of life and death (capital punishment, abortion), the
democratic process (reapportionment), public security (the rights of the
criminally accused, government power to control vagrancy), public morality
(pornography, nudity), race (busing -- the assignment of children to schools on
the basis of race), religion (banning school prayers and nativity scenes that
threaten to establish religion), public discourse (rewriting the laws of libel
and slander) and so on.

The nomination of 10 consecutive justices by Republican presidents had a
negligible effect on such legislative uses of judicial power. Why? "If
politicians are frequently tempted to venality," writes Graglia, "the
professional temptation of judges -- overestimation of one's competence -- is
even more dangerous. ... [Judges] are in fact among the least trustworthy of
government officials. This is to be expected, since they are least subject to
external restraints."

The Constitution, combined with an ethic of judicial self-restraint, should be
such a restraint. However, if judicial review were exercised in a restrained
manner, to overturn only laws clearly incompatible with the Constitution's text,
"it would," as Graglia says, "be exercised so infrequently as to be of little
interest." And court nominations would not seem so momentous.

They are momentous because much of today's judicial activism arises from the
justices' musings on two two-word phrases in an amendment -- the 14th -- that
was ratified 79 years after the Constitution was. The phrases "due process" and
"equal protection" often are empty vessels into which justices pour their social
agendas. Judicial review based on those phrases frequently is merely applied
moral philosophy -- that of the justices. Even if the justices are sublime
moralists, which they rarely are, what they are doing cannot be called
constitutional law. They are not rendering decisions based on a search for the
Constitution's determinable historical meaning.

Rhetoric about the "living Constitution" is a license for justices to legislate.
Hence President Clinton's enthusiasm for Mitchell, a highly accomplished and
partisan legislator. However, it is preposterous to suggest that a politician
would be a novelty on the nation's highest bench.

It is said that Mitchell may want to be chief justice and will park himself at
the ball park, as baseball commissioner, until William Rehnquist retires. But
will Rehnquist, who seems to be in good health and spirits, step aside in time
for Clinton to replace him with Mitchell, an ideological opponent who in 1986
voted against confirming Rehnquist as chief justice?

Meanwhile, if Mitchell thinks managing Democratic senators has been strenuous,
wait until he tries to get the 28 owners of major league teams to agree on the
time of day. That task is, as the saying goes, "like herding cats."


LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              792 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

Radnofsky's revival of the Big Tobacco Bonanza

LENGTH: 339 words


Barbara Ann Radnofsky would like to reprise the Great Texas Tobacco Settlement
of 1998, which garnered $3.3 billion in attorneys fees for Beaumont's Walter
Umphrey and Wayne Reaud, Houston's John O'Quinn and John Eddie Williams Jr., and
Dangerfield's Harold Nix. This time the target would be Wall Street financial
firms.Accusing specified firms of engaging in fraud and precipitating the
current financial crisis, Radnofsky recently published a seven-page preparatory
brief that would seek $18 billion in damages for Texas - a sum nearly identical
to the Big Tobacco bonanza. A candidate for state attorney general, Radnofsky
evidently envisions herself following in the footsteps of former Attorney
General Dan Morales, who hired the five very wealthy lawyers named above as
outside counsel and thereby made possible their fabulous enrichment.The
filthy-rich-five, in turn, never lost sight of the source of their good fortune
and showed their ample appreciation with generous campaign contributions to
Morales and other Democrats on the state and national level.If Radnofsky were to
engineer another such windfall, her lawyer beneficiaries undoubtedly would show
similar gratitude, hoping to perpetuate her tenure as attorney general and even
propel her to greater political heights.But what will the state and people of
Texas gain, other than an enduring reputation for venality?

We have nothing to show for the Big Tobacco shakedown 12 years ago and are not
likely to see any personal or communal benefit from Radnofsky's revival of this
sordid drama.Will Radnofsky follow in Morales' footsteps? She may want to, but
the voters will decide whether or not she assumes the mantle of state attorney
general.Morales may not be the best model to follow. In 2003, he went to prison
after pleading guilty to falsifying documents in an effort to steer a portion of
the state's tobacco settlement to a lawyer friend.We would never want to see
Radnofsky suffer a similar fate? More importantly, our preference would be not
to give her a chance.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 7, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 06B

LENGTH: 1488 words



Tobacco Settlement: Win or Loss?

Later this year, Congress will debate whether to approve the tobacco settlement
engineered by 40 state Attorneys General. Although any complex agreement such as
this can be fine-tuned and improved, Congress should approve the settlement. By
doing so, lawmakers would be cementing the most significant package of public
health advancements ever.

When I sued the tobacco industry last year, the litigation had three objectives:
to stop tobacco companies from marketing to children, to require the industry to
tell consumers the whole truth about its products and to reimburse Illinois
taxpayers the cost of tobacco-related illnesses.

The proposed $ 368 billion settlement would achieve all those objectives and
more. The benefits far outweigh what we could have gained by taking our case to
trial.

Children would be the biggest winners because tobacco companies no longer would
be able to target them in their advertising, vending machines would be banned,
and youth access would be stifled through creation of a na tionwide retail
licensing system.

Also, the industry would face additional fines if it fails to reduce youth
tobacco use by 30 percent in five years, 50 percent in seven years and 60
percent in 10 years. Settlement money would be used to pay health care costs for
uninsured children.

Taxpayers would win because the state would receive about $ 6 billion over 25
years. That would more than compensate the for the $ 2.75 billion paid since
1980 in Illinois in smoking-related Medicaid and health-care costs.

Consumers would have accurate information readily available for the first time.
The settlement would require a massive counter-advertising campaign, FDA
oversight of nicotine, more factual warning labels and disclosure of tobacco
industry documents.

Such a sweeping outcome would have been unthinkable a year ago. This agreement
achieves more than any other option available in the legal, political and
governmental arenas.

I am proud to be on the team of 40 Attorneys General that has brought these
historic reforms to the brink of reality.

Jim Ryan

IlIinois Attorney General

Chicago, Ill.

Is there anything that so vividly demonstrates the hypocrisy, venality and
selective morality of our government than the gross mishandling of the tobacco
issue?

It's unconscionable, that our courts would tolerate state and federal
governments suing tobacco firms when these governments have been tobacco
partners all along, all-too-happily taxing tobacco.

Since tobacco is so harmful, why hasn't our government banned tobacco instead of
taxing it? Conversely, if they are unwilling to ban tobacco and simply tax it,
can it be as harmful as it is represented to be?

The primary excuse for this war on tobacco was the results of a study finding
that second-hand smoke might kill others, as many as 3,500 yearly. Yet the study
was flawed. It was found that some of the study subjects, all of whom claimed
they didn't smoke, had smoked in the past.

Also, more than 3,500 people die annually from bicycling-related accidents, yet
we don't ban or over-tax bicycles.

Finally, our government supports 1.4 million murders, or abortions, by mothers
who simply don't want their child or the responsibility of their choice.

Overall, the tobacco companies complied with the only legal requirements imposed
upon them - printing warnings and restricting advertising. How can we punish
those who have complied with the legal requirements?

The fact is, that in light of how little progress they've made in their war
against dope, and their need for alternate sources of revenue, our government
has found tobacco to be a much easier target.

John J. Auld Jr.

Chesterfield

Welfare To Work

Congressman Talent's observation that "the value of a paycheck is greater than
that of a welfare check" was right on target. The value to former welfare
recipients of working a full-time job extends beyond the personal and societal
benefits he alluded to. Working parents also hand down a "work ethic" to their
children.

According to University of Chicago economist Casey B. Mulligan, there is a
direct correlation between the success this generation of welfare recipients has
in finding jobs and the likelihood that their children will be employed as
adults 20 years later. A child's work ethic, he found, is determined to a great
degree by how much the parents actually work.

With a multigenerational benefit in moving people from welfare to work, the
federal government has an even greater incentive to avoid enacting policies
which would impede job creation, such as minimum wage and tax increases.

Richard Berman

Executive Director

Employment Policies Institute

Washington, DC

Electric Start

State Electric Co. was started in my mother and father's garage, not Gearard
Baum's garage. The property belonged to the Crawford family. It may not seem
important to you, but it is important to Len Crawford's children and
grandchildren. It is important to the family history of their late father.

Bill Crawford

Florissant

Old Post Office

St. Louis has the opportunity to create an Art Museum satellite in one of the
nation's most acclaimed restored historic buildings and, at the same time,
preserve the picnic area and greenery that frame the Cass Gilbert Art Museum
building.

The Old Post Office, on Olive between 8th and 9th streets downtown, is a stately
building that Austin Leland and many other St. Louis leaders worked hard to
protect from destruction in the 1960s. It is a ready-made museum - magnificent
inside and out. Refurbished in 1982 for $ 16 million, it is fully
air-conditioned, handicapped-accessible, has excellent natural and artificial
lighting and is located in a transportation hub with MetroLink, buses, highways
and parking lots nearby.

The federal government will soon place the Old Post office on the market. The
Art Museum could probably acquire it with little, if any, capital outlay.

Both the Peirce Report and the St. Louis 2004 studies indicate that the
revitalization of downtown is essential to the future of St. Louis. A satellite
art museum downtown would draw from a new population of visitors including
downtown employees and the six million tourists who visit the Arch, Convention
Center, Union Station sports events every year. The Art Museum could join the
fledgling but strong arts renewal effort nearby on Washington Avenue.

Earlier this year over 31,000 city residents signed petitions seeking the
opportunity to vote again on the preservation of Art Hill. The referendum is
presently stalled by a recent decision of the Missouri Court of Appeals, but a
motion for transfer of that decision to the Missouri Supreme Court will be filed
shortly.

Whether or not the right to a referendum will be upheld, the Art Museum Board of
Directors should at least acknowledge the century-long commitment to preserve
Forest Park's open spaces by commissioning an independent cost comparison and
feasibility study of the Old Post Office.

The Art Museum Board, if it recognizes that it has civic obligations beyond its
artistic responsibilities, could take advantage of the grandeur of the Old Post
Office while contributing to the revitalization of our metropolitan core and
helping restore the spirit of St. Louis.

Leo and Kay Drey

University City

Noted Widow

In his June 29 column on notable African-American widows, Greg Freeman
overlooked Rachel Robinson, widow of baseball's Jackie Robinson. Like Coretta
King, Myrlie Evers and Betty Shabazz, Rachel Robinson stood strongly by as a
wife and mother during her husband's ordeals and has worked tirelessly at
furthering his mission since his death.

The integration of Major League Baseball predated landmark civil-rights events
as the Brown vs. the Board of Education ruling and the Montgomery bus boycott.

This weekend, the Cardinals, a team that considered not playing on the same
field with Robinson, will honor him by retiring his uniform number, 42.

Don Casalone

Mehlville

KPLR A Favorite

While reading the internet edition of the Post-Dispatch, I saw that my all-time
favorite TV station, channel 11, was rated number one among independent
operators.

I remember when KPLR came on the air, and the after school programming
introduced me to hours of mindless entertainment. We took refuge by watching
Captain 11 and the Three Stooges every day!

Hockey was just beginning to catch on in the St. Louis area, and good ol'
channel 11 started bringing us the Blues long before any other St. Louis
station. Now they even broadcast the Cardinals! My, how things have changed.

Even when I was 10-years old, I knew KPLR would come out ahead. Again,
congratulations and thanks for the memories.

John K. Fellman

Moscow, Idaho

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              794 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

The latest novel from the 'demon dog of: American crime fiction' is an
awe-inspiring: vision of vice and chaos in wartime LA Perfidia by James Ellroy

BYLINE: Edward Docx

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 961 words


There is a little-known Austrian documentary about James Ellroy entitled The
Demon Dog of American Crime Fiction, in which the Los Angeles author can be seen
howling at the sky and then dropping to his knees on the beach and making paws
with his hands. Towards the end, Ellroy says: "I wanted to be Tolstoy . . . I
wanted to be Balzac. Yeah. I wanted to be all these guys that - quite frankly -
I've never really read. I wanted to give people crime fiction on an epic,
transcendental scale."

I bring this to your attention because Perfidia is surely Ellroy's best shot at
the second half of this ambition to date. My guess is that we're deep into the
dark side of 200,000 words. The dramatis personae alone runs to four and a half
pages. And - yes - this is an epic and bizarrely transcendental novel that
represents an extraordinary achievement by any measure.

Many people know Ellroy as the author of The LA Quartet, which includes The
Black Dahlia and LA Confidential. Perfidia, so the endnotes tell us, is the
first volume of the second LA Quartet; the beginning of a prequel that Ellroy
hopes will leave him and us with "one novelistic history" comprising 11 books -
the two quartets plus his Underworld US trilogy. This second quartet "places
real-life and fictional characters from the first two bodies of work in Los
Angeles during the second world war as significantly younger people". The zone
of Ellroy's ambition, then, is an American Comedie Humaine

Perhaps the first thing to say is that "perfidia" as a word - the profession of
faith or friendship, made only to betray - simply doesn't cover it. This is 700
pump-action pages of brutality, sex, extortion, eugenics, blackmail,
back-stabbing and booze: a sustained farrago of social, moral and human chaos
that makes Vice City look like a Christian folk festival. Venality is
ubiquitous, murder casual, racism commonplace. Early on in the book, a character
accused of getting things out of proportion is told: "There is no proportion.
Pearl Harbor took care of that."

The action - an underpowered word in this context - takes place over 23 days in
December 1941. On day one, a Japanese family of four, the Watanabes, are found
in their "blood-soaked, blood-immersed" living room, their "entrails flared
across the floor". On day two, the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor. And, from this
point on, the entire cast of Ellroy's city chase liquor and drugs with such
savagery that, by the end, you're murmuring about how Irvine Welsh is going to
have to be re-shelved with the children's books.

The principal plot centres on these Japanese murders, which are used, by way of
a faked and heavily publicised investigation, to vouchsafe "evidence" that the
racist police department is not racist. But as one cop says: "Who gives a shit
who killed the fucking Watanabes?" Soon the four protagonists - William H
Parker, a bad cop; Dudley Smith, a really bad cop; Hideo Ashida, a gay
forensic-genius cop; and Kay Lake, a dreamer shacked up with a bad cop and
"possessed of stunning artistry but no character or conviction" - are meshed
into a deepening lattice-work of perfidy and corruption, each new layer of which
reveals itself to be "bone-dirtier" than the last. With war declared, Ellroy's
habitual vices - sexploitation, racketeering, murder; "wedges, fulcrums,
coercion" - are supplemented by a febrile fifth-column fascism, by frenzied
war-profiteering, torture, internment and the cutting up of Japanese-Americans
to look Chinese by the crazed plastic surgeon, Dr Lin Chung.

This all makes for a genuinely impressive feat of sustained literary energy: 90%
of novelists couldn't get anywhere near it. But what of the first part of
Ellroy's stated intent - to take on Tolstoy and Balzac?

Well, not quite. Ultimately, Ellroy's foibles as a writer swamp his many skills.
His ubiquitous nail-gun prose (deployed in over-repeated triplets: "The wind
kicked through. Broken glass shattered. Door padlocks thumped") deafens the
reader and disables the writer in his reach for range and subtlety. Too many
scenes are served up on steroids and delivered in the same emotional register.
The cumulative effect is to demote the impact of what is said and done, so that
the noir gradually decomposes into a macabre burlesque - "Grown men wolf-howled
and waved shrunken heads".

Great novelists disappear so that their characters no longer seem to partake in
their creator's sensibilities but instead become real unto themselves and thus
to the reader. But Ellroy cross-infects his cast list with such similar traits
and strains that they begin to flatten into collage rather than come forward as
people. In War and Peace (also a historical novel), Tolstoy succeeds in
rendering the entirety of a world - often violent, often venal - wherein his
creations are superbly varied. The point being that he has vanished: and that
the difference is to do with the imaginative faculty of the writer behind the
work. But in Perfidia, "the world is dark and flat", as Ellroy himself writes.
When real-life people enter the frame - Sergei Rachmaninoff tending his garden,
Bette Davis sleeping with Dudley Smith - the paradoxical effect is to remind us
that this story is not real; the fictive spell is broken, not bound, as it is
with Tolstoy's historical figures.

But I'm only holding Ellroy to these standards because they are the worthy aim
of the man. His is still an awe-inspiring artistic vision and this is a novel
that should surely be read by new readers as well as fans.

Edward Docx's most recent novel is The Devil's Garden (Picador).

720pp, William Heinemann,

£18.99

To order Perfidia for £14.99 with free UK p&p call Guardian book service on 0330
333 6846 or go to guardianbookshop.co.uk.

Captions:

Perfidy and corruption . . . James Ellroy

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

review: Fiction: The latest novel from the 'demon dog of: American crime
fiction' is an awe-inspiring: vision of vice and chaos in wartime LA Perfidia by
James Ellroy

BYLINE: Edward Docx

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 961 words


There is a little-known Austrian documentary about James Ellroy entitled The
Demon Dog of American Crime Fiction, in which the Los Angeles author can be seen
howling at the sky and then dropping to his knees on the beach and making paws
with his hands. Towards the end, Ellroy says: "I wanted to be Tolstoy . . . I
wanted to be Balzac. Yeah. I wanted to be all these guys that - quite frankly -
I've never really read. I wanted to give people crime fiction on an epic,
transcendental scale."

I bring this to your attention because Perfidia is surely Ellroy's best shot at
the second half of this ambition to date. My guess is that we're deep into the
dark side of 200,000 words. The dramatis personae alone runs to four and a half
pages. And - yes - this is an epic and bizarrely transcendental novel that
represents an extraordinary achievement by any measure.

Many people know Ellroy as the author of The LA Quartet, which includes The
Black Dahlia and LA Confidential. Perfidia, so the endnotes tell us, is the
first volume of the second LA Quartet; the beginning of a prequel that Ellroy
hopes will leave him and us with "one novelistic history" comprising 11 books -
the two quartets plus his Underworld US trilogy. This second quartet "places
real-life and fictional characters from the first two bodies of work in Los
Angeles during the second world war as significantly younger people". The zone
of Ellroy's ambition, then, is an American Comedie Humaine

Perhaps the first thing to say is that "perfidia" as a word - the profession of
faith or friendship, made only to betray - simply doesn't cover it. This is 700
pump-action pages of brutality, sex, extortion, eugenics, blackmail,
back-stabbing and booze: a sustained farrago of social, moral and human chaos
that makes Vice City look like a Christian folk festival. Venality is
ubiquitous, murder casual, racism commonplace. Early on in the book, a character
accused of getting things out of proportion is told: "There is no proportion.
Pearl Harbor took care of that."

The action - an underpowered word in this context - takes place over 23 days in
December 1941. On day one, a Japanese family of four, the Watanabes, are found
in their "blood-soaked, blood-immersed" living room, their "entrails flared
across the floor". On day two, the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor. And, from this
point on, the entire cast of Ellroy's city chase liquor and drugs with such
savagery that, by the end, you're murmuring about how Irvine Welsh is going to
have to be re-shelved with the children's books.

The principal plot centres on these Japanese murders, which are used, by way of
a faked and heavily publicised investigation, to vouchsafe "evidence" that the
racist police department is not racist. But as one cop says: "Who gives a shit
who killed the fucking Watanabes?" Soon the four protagonists - William H
Parker, a bad cop; Dudley Smith, a really bad cop; Hideo Ashida, a gay
forensic-genius cop; and Kay Lake, a dreamer shacked up with a bad cop and
"possessed of stunning artistry but no character or conviction" - are meshed
into a deepening lattice-work of perfidy and corruption, each new layer of which
reveals itself to be "bone-dirtier" than the last. With war declared, Ellroy's
habitual vices - sexploitation, racketeering, murder; "wedges, fulcrums,
coercion" - are supplemented by a febrile fifth-column fascism, by frenzied
war-profiteering, torture, internment and the cutting up of Japanese-Americans
to look Chinese by the crazed plastic surgeon, Dr Lin Chung.

This all makes for a genuinely impressive feat of sustained literary energy: 90%
of novelists couldn't get anywhere near it. But what of the first part of
Ellroy's stated intent - to take on Tolstoy and Balzac?

Well, not quite. Ultimately, Ellroy's foibles as a writer swamp his many skills.
His ubiquitous nail-gun prose (deployed in over-repeated triplets: "The wind
kicked through. Broken glass shattered. Door padlocks thumped") deafens the
reader and disables the writer in his reach for range and subtlety. Too many
scenes are served up on steroids and delivered in the same emotional register.
The cumulative effect is to demote the impact of what is said and done, so that
the noir gradually decomposes into a macabre burlesque - "Grown men wolf-howled
and waved shrunken heads".

Great novelists disappear so that their characters no longer seem to partake in
their creator's sensibilities but instead become real unto themselves and thus
to the reader. But Ellroy cross-infects his cast list with such similar traits
and strains that they begin to flatten into collage rather than come forward as
people. In War and Peace (also a historical novel), Tolstoy succeeds in
rendering the entirety of a world - often violent, often venal - wherein his
creations are superbly varied. The point being that he has vanished: and that
the difference is to do with the imaginative faculty of the writer behind the
work. But in Perfidia, "the world is dark and flat", as Ellroy himself writes.
When real-life people enter the frame - Sergei Rachmaninoff tending his garden,
Bette Davis sleeping with Dudley Smith - the paradoxical effect is to remind us
that this story is not real; the fictive spell is broken, not bound, as it is
with Tolstoy's historical figures.

But I'm only holding Ellroy to these standards because they are the worthy aim
of the man. His is still an awe-inspiring artistic vision and this is a novel
that should surely be read by new readers as well as fans.

Edward Docx's most recent novel is The Devil's Garden (Picador).

720pp, William Heinemann,

£18.99

To order Perfidia for £14.99 with free UK p&p call Guardian book service on 0330
333 6846 or go to guardianbookshop.co.uk.

Captions:

Perfidy and corruption . . . James Ellroy

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 22, 2005 Tuesday

Arctic drilling is the last straw

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 266 words


To the Editor of THE EAGLE:-

The Senate's vote on March 16 to insert in its budget proposal the plan to drill
for oil in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge signifies that the powers in our
nation and government have taken a step to which the people must say, "That's
the last straw."

The Senate's vote brings back with great vividness a frequent topic of
conversation we had with Russians of all walks of life on a month-long visit to
Russia in 1994. Again and again, we asked Russians: Why did it take you so long
to revolt against your rulers? What was it that finally led to the break-up of
the Soviet Union?

They replied: "There were lots of reasons -- reasons which Americans know. They
included the Reagan military build-up, corruption in the Kremlin, hunger for
greater freedom, the police state, the lack of basic consumer goods, etc., etc.

"But those reasons," they said, "weren't the last straw. We're a tough and
long-suffering people and had, regrettably, become inured to those things.
Perhaps, you won't believe us, but what caused many Russians to declare 'enough'
were not those obvious and awful abuses. Rather the breaking point came with the
government's decision in 1986 to build a huge paper mill on the shore of Lake
Baikal, the largest and purest body of water on the planet. That horrible and
crude violation of one of the Earth's most sacred places made clear to us --
more than anything that had gone before -- the utter and irredeemable venality,
inhumanity, and banality of our leadership."

SAMUEL SMITH

ELIZABETH SMITH

Williamstown, March 17, 2005

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              797 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            January 20, 2006 Friday

Jaya Prakash: A trusted few can save many

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 595 words


The next time a disaster strikes, the funds and relief meant for victims should
be co-ordinated from a nation or nations noted for their impeccable record in
public probity. Then the world can banish the draining and distressing thought
as to where all the aid went.

A mechanism exists for identifying countries where corruption is least likely.
Transparency International - an organisation dedicated to strengthening civil
society and fighting government corruption - issues annual rankings.

In its 2005 rankings, Iceland emerged as the least corrupt with the Scandinavian
countries placing well. New Zealand and Singapore came close behind.

The need to avoid corruption is glaring. More than a year has passed since the
devastating 2004 Boxing Day tsunami and by any reasonable reading that disaster,
like others, was one more chance for opportunists and corrupt officials to line
their pockets in the name of helping the stricken.

Corruption diminishes the quality of life in every country. That includes the
rich, the poor and peoples all over the world yearning for that inalienable
right to a better life.

The world's most powerful nation is not exempt. When Hurricane Katrina struck
New Orleans what the world saw was not the professionalism and expertise
expected of a technological power. Instead, a dilatory, corruption-induced
bullheadedness exposed crass incompetence of an unimaginable kind.

That same problem afflicts the grief-stricken survivors of last October's
earthquake in Pakistan, arising out of that country's pervasive corruption
culture.

Looking to government for leadership is as given as watching the sunrise every
morning and in desperate times leadership without venality is the crucial
difference that makes a country tick.

The exposure of influence peddling involving Republican lobbyist John Abramhoff
in the United States underlines the need for a body to regulate financial reform
and lobbying methods in wealthy nations.

In poorer nations we wind up with the cyclical mushrooming of corruption and
poverty where each feeds the other.

High illiteracy and manipulation by the government of its people is but one
facet of the harshness of life in Indonesia, for example. The mistrust causes
such an unbridgeable divide that in extreme cases nations become ungovernable.

The reason governments in Ethiopia and Chad tend to be despotic has nothing to
do with their people's tolerance. The lack of institutional safeguards preclude
checks on knaves and their impropriety.

For poorer countries to achieve lower levels of corruption they need the freedom
to assemble, speak and publish their views. When corrupt regimes clamp down on
the press it is only because of the threats the press pose to their corrupt
ways.

While the rich should continue to provide all manner of humanitarian aid, it
needs to be directed to specific needs. This could include disease control,
famine, and hygienic sanitation - all activities, which can be easily monitored,
measured and lured away from corrupt officials.

Something never attempted before should be tried in view of all the repeated
excesses that arise out of corruption. The supervision of aid should be left in
the hands of countries recognised to be as free as possible of that taint. Only
a few countries qualify in this enviable category and that includes Singapore,
Iceland, Denmark, Sweden and last but not least, New Zealand.

It is a shame that there should be so few who can be entrusted to administer the
affairs of so many.

* Jaya Prakash lectures in journalism at Beacon School of Technology in
Singapore.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 8, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

THE ARTS;
'Warrior Class' doesn't have a fighting chance

BYLINE: Wendell Brock; For the AJC

SECTION: GO GUIDE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 490 words



HIGHLIGHT: Study of U.S. politics doesn't cover much we don't already know.


Julius Weishan Lee is the total package: Harvard graduate, war veteran, powerful
speaker and rising star of the New York State Assembly. Next stop: Washington.

But when the Asian-American whom pundits call the "Republican Obama" dispatches
a party affiliate to do his dirty work, things start to fall apart for the
polished and articulate politician.

Such is the setup for Kenneth Lin's "Warrior Class," a new play from the author
of "... said, Said," which won the 2006 Alliance/Kendeda National Graduate
Playwriting Competition. While Lin's Alliance debut was a masterful suspense
tale about a Nobel Prize-winning Algerian poet with a complicated political
past, his new Hertz Stage drama examines the brutal underside of contemporary
American politics.

So before rising star Julius (Moses Villarama) can get dunked in the fishbowl,
his crony Nathan (Clayton Landey) must scrutinize every detail of this wonder
boy's personal life, including his relationship with college girlfriend Holly
(Carrie Walrond Hood). If we are to believe Holly, Julius was more than a little
unstable when they broke up, and before you know it, he's being compared to
Virginia Tech mass murderer Seung-Hui Cho.

Et tu, Brute?

"Warrior Class" is an intriguing study of backroom deal-making --- with all its
viciousness and venality, bribery and blackmail. Every character has a hidden
agenda (or three), and Lin builds an absorbing house of cards.

It's a sordid affair with some surprising twists and turns, but at the end of
director Eric Ting's production, "Warrior Class" feels a little thin.
Villarama's Julius comes off as shrewdly charismatic, yet also vulnerable; he is
a fascinating portrait of a man who probably deserves but may never get a chance
at victory. I couldn't muster much feeling, however, for the desperate Holly or
the incorrigible Nathan, whom Landey imbues with smarminess and actorly
predictability.

No doubt about it: Lin is a writer of some skill, but this story feels
underdeveloped and, at 80 minutes, so economically told that it barely registers
when it ought to be riveting.

Mimi Lien's set uses a turntable and a handful of props to suggest the smoky
Baltimore steakhouse where Nathan is a regular and Julius' sleek apartment, but
I found the wheel of fortune a little annoying --- with actors sometimes
positioned so that you couldn't see directly into their faces.

With "Warrior Class," Lin has a few things to say about the scummy nature of
American politics, where even the most promising players fall prey to lies,
corruption, manipulation and greed. It's just that he doesn't cover much that we
don't know already.

THEATER REVIEW

"Warrior Class"

Grade: C+

7:30 p.m. Tuesdays-Thursdays. 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. 2:30 p.m.
Saturdays-Sundays. 7:30 p.m. Sundays. Through Nov. 17. $25-$38. Alliance
Theatre, Hertz Stage, 1280 Peachtree St. N.E., Atlanta. 404-733-5000,
alliancetheatre.org.

Bottom line: Political drama feels a bit thin.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              799 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 2, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Stealth President

BYLINE: By Franklin Foer.

Franklin Foer is an associate editor of The New Republic and author of the
forthcoming book ''How Soccer Explains the World: An Unlikely Theory of
Globalization.''

SECTION: Section 7; Column 2; Book Review Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1293 words



WORSE THAN WATERGATE
The Secret Presidency of George W. Bush.
By John W. Dean.
253 pp. New York:
Little, Brown & Company. $22.95.

Society has developed a clever strategy for keeping convicted civil servants off
the streets: it makes them pundits. Like Oliver North and G. Gordon Liddy, the
Watergate conspirator John W. Dean served his sentence and emerged a talking
head. At times, Dean has shared with them a penchant for crassly exploiting
infamy. Every few years he reveals the identity of Deep Throat. By my count, he
has now suggested seven names as Bob Woodward's source.

But while there are traces of opportunism in Dean, it is unfair to make too much
of them. Starting with his testimony before Sam Ervin's Watergate committee,
Dean has flagellated himself for his complicity in Nixon's misdeeds. In fact,
guilt has propelled Dean's punditry. He has become a discerning connoisseur of
presidential venality. During the Lewinsky scandal, he loudly deplored the push
for impeachment. (After Republicans invoked Dean's ''cancer growing'' on the
presidency warning, he retorted that they had confused cancer with a hickey.)
Earlier this year he published a book defending Warren G. Harding against
charges of corruption. ''Worse Than Watergate,'' Dean's brief against President
George W. Bush, is a logical next step in his career as arbiter of White House
muck.

The shelf of Bush-bashing books, which Dean's volume joins, has grown quite
crowded with works that share a similar diagnosis: the president is a liar --
even a lying liar. Dean essentially agrees with this interpretation but also
refines it. The problem with the administration, he argues, is more basic than
its policies; it is the secretive way those policies are conceived. ''Once
ensconced in their offices at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue,'' he writes, ''they
quietly closed their doors, pulled the shades and began making themselves
increasingly inaccessible to the media and Congress while demanding complete
control over government information.''

The strength of Dean's argument is that the administration tacitly endorses it,
albeit in more positive terms. Vice President Dick Cheney, for one, has long
argued for a stronger executive branch. As Dean describes it: ''Cheney's
thinking was formed during his years in the White House as Ford's chief of
staff, in the wake of Vietnam and Watergate, when Congress set about dismantling
the imperial presidency. Cheney still seems to resent these moves.'' Cheney
certainly expressed his resentment during his time in the House. Instead of
joining his colleagues in chastising the Reagan administration's Iran-contra
policy, he upbraided the Congressional investigation for usurping presidential
power. Cheney and Bush have used their time in the White House to restore the
executive's lost dominance and what they evidently see as its proper
constitutional place. Bush constantly asserts his ''duty to protect the
executive branch from legislative encroachment.''

But what does it mean to protect the executive branch? To Dean's credit, he goes
beyond familiar examples of excessive secrecy, like the closed meetings of
Cheney's energy task force and the administration's lack of cooperation with
investigations into the Sept. 11 attacks. For instance, he takes Bush to task
for using an executive order to override a Congressionally passed law governing
the release of presidential papers. Until now, the National Archives has
controlled the fate of White House documents. There was almost nothing that a
president could do to prevent their ultimate release. But under Bush's new
rules, presidents have the right to prevent the public from viewing their papers
indefinitely, even after they're dead.

Although Dean doesn't have any insider knowledge, he paints a convincingly grim
picture of the administration's culture of secrecy. It isn't just the White
House's stiff-arming of the Washington press corps and reluctance to submit to
Congressional questioning. Even when low-level officials leak innocuous
information to the press -- as in the case of a Drug Enforcement Administration
field officer who aided a Times of London investigation into money laundering --
Bush's people call on the Justice Department to prosecute them. According to
Dean, Bush stifles information that almost certainly would protect the public.
He cites the administration's refusal to reveal the prevalence of mad cow
disease and its support for rules restricting consumer access to automobile
safety data.

There is no shortage of examples, especially after Sept. 11. And that is Dean's
main problem. He piles them on top of one another without corralling them into
an organized argument. No separate themes distinguish one chapter from the next
-- Chapter 2, ''Stonewalling''; Chapter 3, ''Obsessive Secrecy''; Chapter 4,
''Secret Government.'' Without any structure guiding him, Dean frequently goes
off on tangents, and they make the book, despite its brevity, a bit of a slog.

But that's not the book's greatest shortcoming. Dean fails to deliver the
argument implied in the title. Comparisons between the Bush and Nixon White
Houses appear in a tantalizing first chapter but are never teased out.
(Disappointingly, Dean offers almost no color from his days as presidential
counsel.) What's more, he never really develops a coherent explanation for the
administration's secrecy. At first he implies that the culture of secrecy
radiates from Bush, who could build a political career only by hiding
inconvenient facts about his sketchy business dealings and frat boy past. And
Dean is right to look for a buried explanation for the administration's
furtiveness. After all, Bush and Cheney shouldn't have to operate in the
shadows. They actually have sympathetic allies in Congress and on the courts,
keen to implement their agenda. So is secretiveness a strategy for obscuring
policies that could prove embarrassing or politically unpopular? Are they acting
out of principle? Are they arrogant, or just shy? Dean owes readers a far
clearer theory of the administration's motives.

''Worse Than Watergate'' could easily have transcended some of the limitations
of the Bush-bashing genre. As many have noted, the anti-Bush books on the
best-seller list tend to stoke yellow-dog Democrat anger without making any
effort to persuade the undecided. Dean, however, could have written his book to
appeal to folks outside the liberal choir. After all, he begins each chapter by
quoting a Republican-Congressman Dan Burton in one instance and Phyllis Schlafly
in another -- outraged over Bush's secretive modus operandi. You don't have to
hate all of Bush's policies to be alarmed at his reconstruction of the imperial
presidency.

But instead of trying to persuade the undecided, Dean barrages Bush with cheap
shots, recalling the angry rhetorical flourishes that boosted Al Franken's and
Molly Ivins's sales. Unlike them, he isn't a very skilled slash artist. His
one-liners often read as if they were grafted onto the text in late rounds of
revision. Bush ''could actually read his teleprompter quite nicely when he
tried,'' he quips. Dean even chastises Bush for using an obscenity in front of
female staff members (''something,'' he assures us, ''Nixon did not do''). By
the end, the levelheaded John Dean has remade himself as the spitfire Howard
Dean. It's a stunningly effective piece of salesmanship: ''Worse Than
Watergate'' quickly reached the best-seller list and has stayed there.

This is a maddening book. Dean has again amassed evidence of a cancer growing on
the presidency. But he has forgotten the lesson of his Ervin committee
testimony: to strike a blow against a president, it takes a calm demeanor, clear
presentation and a voice devoid of rancor.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Steven Savage)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              800 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              June 3, 1994, Friday

The Culture of Victimhood Surrender of values

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Billitteri

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 16

LENGTH: 688 words


I recently sat through a session of juvenile court, a spectacle of adolescent
turpitude as depressing as anything I've seen.

One after another, kids barely old enough to shave or wear lipstick stood before
a judge and heard the charges against them: marijuana possession, burglary,
disorderly conduct, auto theft, taking a loaded gun to school, shoving a
principal.

I wasn't surprised that most admitted their guilt. No, what struck me was the
nonchalance with which they shuffled to the bench to take their lumps. They wore
expressions as blank as those of bored bus riders.

Not expressions of worry or guilt or even defiance. Just masks of passive,
disengaged indifference. Maybe they felt a sense of private shame or personal
failure that they didn't telegraph in public. But I suspect the lack of emotion
and public contriteness goes deeper, to a moral evasiveness that infects us all.

As a nation, we seem to have no problem with collective guilt - we're all
willing to feel bad about the Holocaust or the ozone layer. But our own
misdeeds? You get the idea that personal responsibility has become the hula hoop
of modern social relations - a quirky relic from simpler times, no longer fun or
chic and certainly not very useful.

Like Macavity, the "mystery cat" in the Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats, who
"always has an alibi, and one or two to spare," we seem to be a society that
somehow, some way, always tries to beat the rap.

The roots of the trend, many believe, lie in the ideas of Freud, who taught that
human motives are guided by unconscious impulse, not rational thought.

Freud's teachings have spawned an array of psychological theories, some valid,
some half-baked, all blurring the line between genuine responsibility and
mitigating circumstances such as child abuse.

What has fueled the breakdown of community and the disintegration of families?
The list is long: weakness in the criminal justice and school systems, venality
in politics and the entertainment industry, the rise of drugs and illicit sex,
poverty and unemployment . . . and on and on.

But rarely mentioned as culpable are two institutions that, in theory, should be
bulwarks of character building, bastions against the tide of corrosive social
values.

One is the church. "Mainline Protestant and Roman Catholic theologians of our
present generation seem to have lost the ability to talk about topics such as
sin," theologian Ted Peters writes in his new book, "Sin: Radical Evil in Soul
and Society."

"For the last quarter-century or so, the theological establishment has consigned
the human predicament to structures of political and economic oppression or to
such systemic evils as race and gender discrimination. In the process,
theologians lost interest in the internal workings of the human soul. The evils
of our world have been consigned to social forces beyond the scope of our own
personal responsibility."

Indeed, there was a time when the church was something of a high court of
national morality, a final arbiter of right and wrong. But science, secularism
and changing social mores have revealed many clergy as figures akin to the man
behind the curtain in "The Wizard of Oz": regular folks puzzled by change,
susceptible to temptation, capable of evil, overtaken by events.

The other institution that bears scrutiny is the media.

One way it undermines the public's sense of responsibility is by trafficking in
trivialities rather than digging harder for facts and trends that help
illuminate the difficult moral issues.

"If we overemphasize those stories of Tonya Harding and Roseanne and popular
culture, then it's certainly possible that the citizens will not be as vested in
the larger or more complex issues," says Robert Steele of the Poynter Institute
for Media Studies.

And by focusing too much on news chosen for its negativeness and shock value,
the media can leave the public with a sense of helplessness. "Things are so out
of control," we're prone to say, "I can't possibly do anything to make life
better - so why try?"

Thomas J. Billitteri writes for the St. Petersburg (Fla.) Times.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941580118

GRAPHIC: Illustration: Six hands in a circle, index fingers pointing at one
another./ Tim Brinton / Special

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              801 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 5, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

ART IN REVIEW;
'Propposition'

BYLINE: By HOLLAND COTTER

SECTION: Section E; Part 2; Page 37; Column 2; Leisure/Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 430 words



David Zwirner Gallery
43 Greene Street, SoHo
Through Feb. 13

It doesn't take a genius to figure out that a little sex, money and
entrepreneurial chutzpah go a long way in the art business. But it does take a
pair of very good bad-boy artists to make the odious mix as entertaining as it
is in this collaborative exhibition by Paul McCarthy and Jason Rhoades.

The show originated months ago when the artists invited David Zwirner, the
gallery's owner, to a meeting at a swank Beverly Hills hotel where they were
ostensibly pitching a commercial project to a group of high-powered investors.
The buffet for the occasion -- doughnuts, Wonder Bread and Perrier -- gave some
hint of weirdness afoot. The scene after the meeting, when everyone adjourned to
a hotel bedroom where a porn-film shoot was in progress, confirmed it.

In fact, the whole event was a performance and most of it was filmed: videos of
the meeting, the porn movie and reaction shots of all involved are projected on
a wall in the back gallery. They're a little hard to see, though, in a chaotic,
claustrophobic installation. It includes a disassembled car that seems to have
plowed into boardroom furniture, a stack of huge doughnuts fashioned from fake
leather and a phallic figure riding an automated bucking bronco.

Every element has meaning in the context of the project, but together they add
up to a guerrilla assault on the idea of the gallery as a cool, neutral viewing
space: here it offers mild physical discomfort, gross-out sexual innuendo,
bar-coded prices and an open invitation for the viewer to turn performer. Anyone
can sign up to do anything they want in a little padded cell set up near the
beginning of the show; their activities (or "auditions") will be transmitted
live via the Internet to the artists in Los Angeles.

Do we really need to be reminded about the down-and-dirty venality of art world
commerce? Sure we do, especially if these two artists are doing their
wild-and-crazy best to deliver the message. (Compare the news release they wrote
for the show with the gallery's niced-up, expository version to get a quick
sense of what they're after.) And try to catch Mr. McCarthy's back-gallery
installation at Luhring Augustine, 531 West 24th Street in Chelsea (through Feb.
27), with its mechanized figure of an Indian maiden kneeling in the center of a
fragmented tepee. The Zwirner show is ambitious, nasty fun. The Chelsea piece,
which was first shone by the gallery two years ago, has moral implications that
are genuinely disturbing.   HOLLAND COTTER



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              802 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                NobleSavage.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.noblesavage.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   One of my favorite places to look for information is the Wikipedia which has
a great synopsis of the general idea of the Noble Savage and the concept as
presented in literature and philosophy over the last few centuries. Throughout
our history as a species, various romantic notions have persisted and evolved
over the years, for me, the concept (or myth if you prefer) of the Noble Savage
is one that has evolved into much more than the idea put forth by Rousseau. For
that in truth was a myth.  The idea that being primitive eliminates the venality
in the behavior of man is belied by the simple fact that primitive man (assuming
there ever truly was such a thing) evolved into modern society. Being closer to
nature, being more primitive, makes one more dependent upon others and mitigates
much of our lesser motives by the deep need to survive to produce offspring, but
this does not mean the venal nature is gone.  Our true nobility as a species
stems not from our 'savage' beginnings, but in the evolution of our mind and the
simple fact that most of us recognize that we should strive to be better and to
do good - even if we ourselves never do much to fulfill that notion. It is in
the pursuit of wisdom - the distillation of our pursuit of knowledge - that we
find our grace.  The savage part of our nature must be recognized and accepted
as well. As whole beings, we must accept our inherent animal nature, but also
keep it in check. To attempt to divorce ourselves from it entirely is foll

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              803 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Former Congressman Chaka Fattah Sentenced to 10 Years in Prison for
Participating in Racketeering Conspiracy

LENGTH: 916  words


Former Congressman Chaka Fattah Sr., 60, of Philadelphia, was sentenced to 120
months in prison for participating in a racketeering conspiracy involving
several schemes intended to further his political and financial interests by
misappropriating federal, charitable and campaign funds, among other things.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of the Eastern District of
Pennsylvania, Special Agent in Charge Michael Harpster of the FBIs Philadelphia
Division and Chief Richard Weber of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI) Philadelphia Field Office made the announcement.

Fattah was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle III of the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania, who also ordered Fattah to pay $600,000 in restitution
and to forfeit $14,500.  On June 21, 2016, Fattah was convicted of participating
in racketeering, bribery, wire fraud, honest services fraud and money laundering
conspiracies, and for bribery, mail fraud and money laundering.

Chaka Fattah was a long-serving and powerful member of the U.S. House of
Representatives who was entrusted by his constituents with serving their best
interests, said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  Instead, he perverted that
trust and turned his office into a criminal organization designed to support his
own political and financial interests.

As a former congressman, Fattah conspired with his co-defendants in a series of
schemes to use his position for personal gain at the expense of the public good,
said U.S. Attorney Memeger.  We are pleased with todays outcome while also
recognizing the tragedy of this defendants fall from grace.  We hope that the
lengthy prison sentence imposed today deters those public officials who might be
tempted to engage in corruption, as our office remains committed to
investigating and prosecuting public corruption at all levels of government.

Chaka Fattah represented his district in Congress for over 20 years, said
Special Agent in Charge Harpster.  And, if not for his sheer greed and venality,
probably could have kept his seat for 20 more.  He`s repeatedly deemed this case
a witch hunt against him by the government.  But in truth, Mr. Todays sentence
sends a clear message that the laws of the land apply to everyone, regardless of
position or power, said Chief Weber.  Public officials who fail to faithfully
discharge the duties of their office will be investigated, prosecuted and
subjected to the full punishment of the law for their actions.

According to the evidence presented at trial, Fattah and certain associates
borrowed $1 million from a wealthy supporter for his failed 2007 campaign for
mayor of Philadelphia, and disguised the funds as a loan to a consulting
company.  After he lost the election, Fattah returned $400,000 of unused
campaign funds to the donor and arranged for Educational Advancement Alliance
(EAA), a non-profit entity founded and controlled by Fattah, to repay the
remaining $600,000 using charitable and federal grant funds that passed through
two other companies, including one run by co-defendant Robert Brand.  To conceal
the contribution and repayment scheme, Fattah, his co-conspirators, and others
created sham contracts and made false entries in accounting records, tax returns
and campaign finance disclosure statements.

Following his election defeat, Fattah also sought to extinguish approximately
$130,000 in campaign debt owed to a political consultant by agreeing to arrange
for the award of federal grant funds to the consultant.  Fattah directed the
consultant to apply for a $15 million grant (which ultimately he did not
receive) on behalf of a then-non-existent non-profit entity.  In exchange for
Fattahs efforts to arrange the award, the consultant agreed to forgive the
campaign debt.

In addition, Fattah misappropriated funds from his mayoral and congressional
campaigns to repay his sons student loan debt.  To execute the scheme, Fattah
arranged for his campaigns to make payments to a political consulting company,
which the company used to make 34 successful loan payments on behalf of Fattahs
son, totaling approximately $23,000, between 2007 and 2011.

Beginning in 2008, Fattah communicated with individuals in the legislative and
executive branches in an effort to secure for co-defendant Herbert Vederman an
ambassadorship or an appointment to the U.S. Trade Commission.  In exchange,
Vederman provided money and other items of value to Fattah.  As part of this
scheme, the defendants sought to conceal an $18,000 bribe payment from Vederman
to Fattah by disguising it as a payment for a sham car sale.

Fattahs four co-defendants Vederman, Brand, Karen Nicholas and Bonnie Bowser
were convicted alongside Fattah for charges in connection with the schemes on
June 21, 2016.

Judge Bartle also sentenced Vederman today to 24 months in prison and ordered
him to pay a $50,000 fine.  Sentencing is set for Dec. 13, 2016 for Brand and
Nicholas and Dec. 14, 2016 for Bowser.

The FBI and IRS-CI investigated the case with assistance from the Justice
Departments Office of the Inspector General, the NASA Office of Inspector
General and the Department of Commerces Office of Inspector General.  Trial
Attorneys Eric L. Gibson and Jonathan Kravis of the Criminal Divisions Public
Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul L. Gray of the Eastern
District of Pennsylvania are prosecuting the case. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Rupe's latest clanger

SECTION: FEATURES; Rear Window; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 322 words


We haven't been following News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch 's tweets so closely
since he announced his mother's death to his 400,000 followers and
light-heartedly said she was 193 years old.

His twitchy Twitter thumb struck again: "How did fat lady who fell thru [sic]
street get to 400lbs? Welfare, stamps, etc? Then leave us all with 20yrs immense
health bills." The plight of the lady copped the typically sensitive treatment
this week in Lord Copper's New York Post (edited by a man who doesn't mind a
pre-sharpener sharpener: the great Col Allan) - the same rag that gave us the
immortal front-page headline "Headless body in topless bar".

Rupert reported that a 32-year-old social worker, Ulanda Williams, 400lbs
[180kg] in weight and 6 feet 5 inches [196cm] in height, stepped under an awning
at East 60th Street near Second Avenue in Manhattan last Friday night to get out
of the rain when the sidewalk collapsed beneath her and dumped her into a vault
cellar. She suffered cuts to her neck and face and an arm was broken in two
places. The fabled New York Fire Department needed a crane and cargo net to get
her out.

As always with Rupe's tweets, all the fun is in the responding! A Robert A
Stribley said "Classy Rupert. How did one rich man come to run so many unethical
news enterprises? Greed, venality, etc?"

But we preferred this one from a Dr David Robinson: "You suck at telling jokes.
Try it this way: How did the fat lady who fell through the street get to 400lbs?
PRACTICE."

But the media mogul quickly had a few pangs of guilt, soon tweeting: "Did not
mean to be unsympathetic to 400lb lady, but fact remains unhealthy eating by
rich and poor driving up premiums for all." Which garnered mixed responses:
"Yeah, no, it was a very nice tweet fat-shaming a woman as a welfare slob. Not
sure why the backlash" wrote Matt Bors, while Joe Bua tweeted "F--- you. 'She'
was fodder for your rich guy humor. You're a c----."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           August 18, 1999, Wednesday

PODIUM: GERHARD REMPEL: A CONSUMMATE THEOLOGICAL POLITICIAN;
 FROM A LECTURE BY THE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AT WESTERN NEW ENGLAND COLLEGE, IN
SPRINGFIELD, MASSACHUSETTS

BYLINE: Gerhard Rempel

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 772 words


THE CHURCH'S Reformers were guided by early Christian authority rather than
pagan classics. They were less Greek and Roman than Hebrew. While humanists
satirised the abuses of the Church, the Reformers denounced them. It was not
simply that Renaissance popes had been derelict in their duty, or that they were
political, materialistic, and often guilty of gross nepotism and flagrant
immorality. What mattered was the abuse of the spiritual office of the Pope. And
the abuse rested on claims that became the focus of the intellectual grievances
of the Reformers. Behind this quest lay a deep soul-sickness in northern Europe,
alongside the Renaissance.

Throughout the 15th century the north was preoccupied with death, judgement and
hell fire, and an abiding pessimism about man's fate runs through its prose and
poetry. A peculiarly macabre dance fashion cropped up, performed by men with
skeletons. The dance was intended to remind watchers of their mortality and
their equality before the relentless scythe of time. In art, morbid undertones
took on a bizarre realism. Hieronymus Bosch's strange sermons in paint are
inhabited by wild, nightmarish creatures. Even Durer, the realist, flanks his
righteous Christian knight on his way to a "city on a hill" with a figure of
death with an hourglass, and a monstrous devil - half wolf, half pig.

Martin Luther believed deeply in the reality and power of Satan and his demons.
From the time of the Plague, through wars, famines and civil wars, there had
been no guarantee against the onset of disaster. A high level of
death-consciousness was fertile soil for the Reformation, and offers insight
into Luther's persistent concern about salvation. For it was the terror of death
that sent him into an Augustinian monastery.

In the monastery his earlier terror of death became a fearfulness and trembling
before God. He underwent vigorous austerities to make himself holier, and could
not find assurance. An errand to Rome shook him further.

He did not notice the glories of the Renaissance or the reminders of antiquity;
instead, he saw the worldliness and levity of the clergy, both high and low. He
climbed the Scala Sancta, 28 stairs, with a paternoster and a kiss on each, in
order to release a soul from purgatory, and at the top he found his faith in the
indulgence clouded by doubt. His doubt redoubled on his return.

Luther concentrated on the inner meaning and underlying unity of the Scriptures.
The Reformation, we could say now, occurred because a brilliant professor was
doing his job - preparing thoughtful and original lectures.

Luther's thoughts tumbled out of the classroom into the market-place in 1517,
when plenary indulgences were being hawked by a Dominican, Johann Tetzel, near
Wittenberg. For one-fourth of a florin, buyers were assured that "as soon as the
coin the coffer rings, the soul from purgatory springs".

Faithful to academic custom, Luther nailed 95 propositions (or theses) in Latin
on the door of the castle church as an open invitation to a debate on their
merits.

They began with a popular attack on the venality of Rome, passed through doubts
as to the Pope's right to remit punishment inflicted by God, and finished by
asserting that nothing but contrition could remit spiritual guilt. Luther's
doubts about the extent of the Pope's power to indulge were, indeed, legitimate,
for the question had never been definitively settled. Beyond that, however, he
had implied an unorthodox way to salvation, and had begun the Reformation.

The press quickly turned his appeal for a debate into an appeal to the people.
And, as the debate over indulgences waxed, Luther grew progressively bolder and
his criticisms of the Church became more and more fundamental. Finally - after
he had been excommunicated - Luther declared that he could not recognise the
authority of popes and councils because they had often contradicted each other.
He staked his faith and, indeed, his life on scripture and reason. "Here stand
I," he said at the Diet of Worms in 1521, "I can do no other. God help me.
Amen."

Luther must be considered as a consummate theological politician. His concerns
were inner, yet he had to take a political stand to protect the Reformation he
desired.

His siding with princes was a frank recognition that it was only in their
support that the Reformation had any chance of success. Man was such that he
needed the civil sword to contain him in order and tranquillity. So Luther
preached absolute, unconditional obedience. Lutheranism exchanged obedience to
the Pope for abject obedience to the state.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                              806 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            January 8, 1991, Tuesday

Be grateful for FBI stings; they encourage honesty

BYLINE: Durwood McAlistergovernment; ethics; corruption; investigations;
legislators; congress

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 438 words


Sometime during the upcoming Georgia General Assembly, a key legislator will be
approached by a well-heeled lobbyist with a whispered enticement to wrongdoing.
He will suggest that a favorable vote at the right time in committee
consideration of a bill can result in considerable easing of his financial
difficulties.

It may be an offer of an illegally large campaign contribution; it could be an
offer of an outright cash bribe. Whatever form it takes, it will be an
inducement to break the law, to violate the public trust.

What is the lawmaker going to do? If he is honest - as most are - he will reject
the temptation outright, or pretend to go along while notifying the proper
authorities.

If he is vulnerable to such temptation, however, he has a problem. Can he trust
his "benefactor" to be as dishonest as he says he is? Is this fat cat offering a
thinly-disguised bribe for real, or is he an FBI plant, wired for sound and
posing for hidden cameras?

This is not an idle, fanciful scenario. Thanks to a series of FBI sting
operations aimed at corruption in state and local governments, any elected
official tempted to dishonesty must consider seriously the possibility that
succumbing to his greed will land him in prison.

The latest such sting, aptly named "Operation Lost Trust," has now resulted in
charges against 13 people in South Carolina, including House Speaker Pro Tem
Jack Rogers and State Highway Commissioner Wade "Ronnie" Crow. Nine were state
representatives. Of those, three will face trial this month. The others have
either pleaded guilty or have been convicted.

Earlier FBI probes involving sting operations in California, New York, Georgia
and other states have effectively established the idea that any bribe offer may
be a setup.

Fortunately, those investigations have been directed at misdeeds by city
officials as well as those in state governments. No elected official, at any
level, can be confident of immunity from FBI surveillance.

That won't put an end to corruption in government; but only a fool or someone
desperately driven to dishonesty will risk public shame, and perhaps time in
prison, by engaging in the sort of venality that once was taken for granted.

The public should be grateful for that. There are those who have complained
loudly that sting operations are unfair entrapment, or that they have been too
much directed against black public officials.

They are neither. An honest elected official has nothing to fear from them. A
dishonest one, whatever his race, can avoid harm from them by the simple
expedient of doing right.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              807 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      January 7, 2002 Monday Final EDITION

The bishop's burden

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A12

LENGTH: 404 words


Michael Scott-Joynt, bishop of Winchester, regards the terrorist attacks on New
York and Washington as a consequence of the iniquitous behaviour of the West
toward the Third World. "I have come to understand the evil, cruel events of
Sept. 11 as a judgment upon us," the Anglican leader said in a controversial
Christmas Day message at Winchester Cathedral in England.

He went on to question whether there would be such "disgust, hatred and fear"
toward the West if North Americans and Europeans had not encouraged, or at least
allowed, their governments "to develop our standard of living at the expense of
millions in the Southern Hemisphere."

Let's try to follow the bishop's logic. Essentially, he is saying that the
thousands who died in the World Trade Center and the Pentagon brought it on
themselves because they lived in a part of the world that is more prosperous
than other parts of the world. And if they are prosperous, it automatically
occurred at someone else's expense.

It is a puzzle why supposedly intelligent people buy into this moral equivalency
argument. Regardless of how you perceive the conduct of the West toward the
Rest, there is simply no justification -- none -- for the murder of innocents.
To claim there is, is the foulest sophistry.

But beyond the moral mistakes of this view, there is also a whiff of
intellectual fraud. Read between the lines of the bishop's statement and you
hear an inverted version of what, in a less dishonest age, was called "the white
man's burden."

The good bishop assumes that the failures of the "Southern Hemisphere" are due
to western interference. No thought is given to the possibility that the South
has some responsibility for its own situation, that its poverty and chaos is
due, in part at least, to the corruption and venality of its own leaders. After
all, Africa's rulers could have ordered school textbooks instead of armaments.

For the bishop and his co-ideologues to deny this is to say that people in the
Third World aren't responsible for their own affairs, that, indeed, their
failures are the fault of the "white man." But that implies that the bishop,
like any good 19th-century imperialist, sees the natives as too immature to be
held accountable for their own conduct. Only the white man can make proper
decisions, according to this view. In our book, such an attitude is not only
condescending, it verges on racist.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             March 14, 1997, Friday

Between the lines

BYLINE: PAUL LLOYD

LENGTH: 1158 words


A white author passes his book off as the

work of an Aboriginal woman, and the thought

police are active, as PAUL LLOYD reports.

*        *        *

WE have laws about truth in labelling. These are supposed to mean we

can feel confident that the product is free from CFCs, or red food

coloring, or Californian oranges, or whatever the current fashion in

bogeymen might be. But these truth laws don't seem to apply to

artists.

To join a long and ever-expanding list of hoaxes and frauds, it is now

revealed that female Aboriginal writer Wanda Koolmatrie, author of the

award-winning novel, My Own Sweet Time, is really a white bloke, Leon

Carmen.

He has not yet been actually arrested for telling lies but the

thought police are waving their nightsticks over the novelist, largely

because he passed himself off as an Aboriginal person.

Now, of course, all novelists are liars. They don't have to tell the

truth. They make things up all the time, even the central persona of

their novel. That persona can become so powerful it overtakes their

own, so they lose touch with reality and forget whether they are

Arthur or Martha, Demidenko or Darville.

This has been going on for as long as there have been artists.

But Carmen goes a step or two further. He's a bloke passing himself

off as a woman and a white passing himself off as a black, and doing

it as a deliberate hoax, and not without a hint of venality and

cynicism.

This double cross-dressing is a sure way of getting people jumping,

especially those who have already been fooled by his deception.

Back in the 1960s Serbian immigrant Sreton Bosnic passed himself off

as Aboriginal writer B. Wongar. He got away with it, overseas, because

of his experiences of living Outback with an Aboriginal woman.

Last year, Peggy Polglaze claimed her brother was descended from a

North Carolina immigrant who had been either a Negro or a Creole.

giving the family their dark skin. Her brother, meanwhile, continued

to call himself an Australian Aboriginal person and a prominent and

prolific Australian novelist whose names shifted with his style,

through such variations as Colin Johnson, Mudrooroo Naragin, Mudrooroo

Nyoongah and plain Mudrooroo, winner of the Ruth Adeney award for

Aboriginal writing.

Then only last week it was revealed that Western Australian Aboriginal

artist, Eddie Burrup, didn't exist. He and his works were the creation

of a white woman, Elizabeth Durack.

In the 1960s, perhaps, there wasn't quite the same consciousness.

Today, any of this is hot stuff.

C

ARMEN'S first crime was letting the Wanda Koolmatrie book into the

Nita May Dobbie Award arena. It won the prize, which is for a novel by

a woman which he is arguably not.

This may not in fact be a crime, so much as an exposure of the

silliness in affirmative action when it encourages people to look at

the label rather than the contents.

It's like wine snobs who don't have the confidence to say whether they

like the wine until they have seen the label, so they can make sure it

is the correct sort of wine to be seen liking.

But Carmen, like Elizabeth Durack, is getting the nightsticks more for

racial cross-dressing. And, because a lot of Aboriginal

decision-making is by consensus, many of the reactions to the Durack

case, and even to the Mudrooroo case, are still not formulated; the

nightsticks will keep coming).

Former-Adelaidean Leon Carmen claimed Wanda Koolmatrie was born of a

Pitjantjatjara woman and foster-raised in Adelaide. Damien Aidon, of

the Pitjantjatjara Council, was quick to say yesterday Carmen should

be held in contempt and made to apologise to those people legitimately

named Koolmatrie. The council would consider legal action, he said.

Tony Bennett, director of the Australian Key Centre for Cultural and

Media Policy at Griffith University, believes these gender-crossings

matter culturally (and commercially) because "it is through the

artist's name that we identify the work of art as a particular kind of

cultural statement emerging out of an identifiable social and

historical experience".

Some militantly say white people have no right at all to anything

Aboriginal, not even to anything approaching Aboriginal experience.

Activist Ray Foley, for example, told the Australian National

Playwrights' Conference in 1984: "I don't feel that any of you could

write about racism."

More moderately, today, black New South Wales author Ruth Langford

Ginibi, says she is getting sick of the "bull...." of non-Aboriginal

people trying to define the identity of Aboriginal peoples.

T

HAT gets a bit like the male-female thing, presuming that only females

can write about the female experience. It asks the question: just who

owns a culture?

Artists and the critics seem agreed that My Own Sweet Time rings

true as a work of art, whatever the name of the author are supposed

to be about explaining the human experience, not just their own

personal, factual experience.

Does a writer have to be, say, Galarrwuy Yunupingu to write a

biography of Yonglu leader Galurwwuy Yunipingu? Does a writer have to

be a Yonglu person to write about Yonglu life?

To Flinders University arts curator Doreen Mellors "there must be

permissions and exchanges involved, at community and individual

levels, and on the whole Aboriginal people have been extremely

generous with these exchanges."

To her, the central issue is not sympathising or supporting, but

trying "to speak on behalf of someone you're not".

Carmen and his literary agent mate John Bayley can be accused of some

cynicism. Unlike Elizabeth Durack who seems to have become almost

mystically possessed by "Eddie Burrup" they did set out from the

beginning to create a female Aboriginal persona, with suggestions that

it was the only way to get a book published.

S

OCIAL critic Beatrice Faust has observed elsewhere about how

"opportunists found choice pickings in Aboriginality".

Perceptions that Aboriginal people have special treatment can be

dismissed as flimsy by any reference to statistics on health and

imprisonment. But those perceptions do exist, and they may well exist

in the minds of some publishers.

Then again like the sex thing Messrs Carmen and Bayley might also

be seen as merely exposing another form of silliness.

They might be accused of seeking publicity. Their revelation was timed

remarkably closely to that of Durack's alter-ego Eddie Burrup.

They might also be seen as part of a trend that can only increase: the

postmodernist debunking of 19th century concepts of authorship. This

comes, not from the ramblings of Parisian professors so much as from a

confused society.

The other trend that seems to be increasing is the intrusion of

politics into art, especially racial politics. It may not be long

before we have to start applying to books and paintings and so forth

laws for truth in labelling.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              809 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

THE AGE OF SURVEILLANCE;
WATERGATE STOOD AS A WARNING AT A TIME WHEN FEW SAW THE DANGERS OF
INTERCONNECTIVE TECHNOLOGY

BYLINE: David M. Shribman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; MY POINT; Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 1007 words


GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.

You have to drive all the way to the banks of the Grand River -- and travel back
four decades -- to get the full meaning of the national furor over electronic
surveillance. For here, within the walls of the Gerald R. Ford Presidential
Museum, are the artifacts that transformed the lawmaker from Michigan's fifth
congressional district into the 38th president of the United States -- and that
provide the evidence from 1972 that explains the importance of the debate in
2013.

Presidential museums often are palaces of the pretend, but the Ford Museum is a
metaphor for the understated nature of the Grand Rapids congressman who was
catapulted into the presidency during the gravest constitutional crisis of our
history.

The implements that began that crisis, its raw materials, are in a glass display
case here. They are a pair of long-nose pliers, a Phillips-head screwdriver and
some crude listening bugs placed in two tubes of Chapsticks. Later, a Sony
four-speed Servocontrol tape recorder, also on display here, with a red button
emblazoned "REC," helped bring down Richard M. Nixon. Watergate was about many
specifics, but its spirit was secret surveillance.

Now, the 44th president, Barack Obama, 10 years old when the burglars entered
the Watergate suite, is engulfed by questions about secret surveillance of an
entirely different magnitude. If it is unseemly how his critics on the right are
rushing toward impeachment talk, it is equally unseemly for his supporters on
the left to brush away the issues this new set of questions have raised.

The politics will take its own course, and given the nature of contemporary
Washington, we can bet that the big issues will be ignored and the little issues
will be pressed for mean partisan advantage. It would be the same if a
Republican were in the White House. The atmosphere is that bad and the instincts
of the principals are that puerile.

At their heart, the importance of the latest revelations don't involve the
president, his predecessor, Congress, the Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin
Laden, Afghanistan, Iraq or where Edward R. Snowden is, or was.

What these disclosures reveal isn't the venality of Barack Obama or the
imminence of the threat of terrorism. They lay bare the world we inhabit today.
It is one in which the electronic and digital capabilities of our age have both
promise and peril, and only now is the peril, for decades understood by a few
but ignored by the many, clear to all.

My own passage in this area revolves around two men I encountered before I was
28. They never met, but I fell under their sway, so brilliant were their
insights, so intoxicating were their perspectives. I did not embrace either
man's views entirely. In fact, those views seemed incompatible. Only now do I
understand that they both were right.

The first was John G. Kemeny, Hungarian immigrant, mathematician, protege of
Albert Einstein, pioneer of the BASIC computer language that is the Book of
Genesis for our time. For an entire generation of college students, Kemeny was a
pathfinder, arguing to us freshmen in 1972 that it was essential we understand
what he called "the machine," insisting that to accept a college diploma without
hands-on knowledge of the machine was educational malpractice -- and base
stupidity. So we did, every one of us, play around a bit with the machine,
rudimentary as it was, and we left campus with an understanding of what this
remarkable device could accomplish.

Only five years later, in the Washington bureau of The New York Times, I sat
beside a storied reporter named David Burnham, famous for the Serpico
revelations about New York City police corruption. David was different from
every reporter in the bureau in that he didn't care a whit about the White House
and had scarcely veiled contempt for all of us who did.

Politics wasn't his preoccupation, it was a mere distraction. How I wish I had
his instinct -- and his intelligence. David at the time was working on a book,
"The Rise of the Computer State," that we all thought was a work of madness. It
described the threat computers posed to personal privacy and civil liberties. I
worshiped the man. But I thought his theory was nuts. We all did.

The computer, after all, seemed terrifying only in its complexity, not in its
capacity. In those days you couldn't look anything up in the computer, nor send
a message. You could only type on it, and to all of us accustomed to tearing up
sheafs of copy paper when we wanted to rewrite our newspaper leads, it was a
godsend. Easier typing: what a concept!

But gradually I came to see that David understood what was before our eyes but
what we could not envision: that the capacity to link information and to share
it widely also was the capacity to learn what information individuals possess,
what links individuals have, what communications individuals conduct. It is the
capacity, in the language of a long-ago age, to look at people's library cards,
to ransack their garbage and to make guilt-by-association a federal crime. It is
the capacity to give companies, governments and individual citizens the tools
that J. Edgar Hoover sought -- and the megaphone that Joseph R. McCarthy
possessed.

There is no going back, of course. We cannot un-invent the computer nor the cell
phone nor the capacious abilities we have to communicate -- and to be
surveilled. But we can be aware that we are living in a perilous age where our
tools are also our minders and, sad to say, where our leaders see threats to our
civil liberties in the narrowest possible way, when they should instead see
those threats in our laptops, thumb drives and iPhones.

Linger long enough at the Ford Museum in Grand Rapids and a tape of an entirely
different sort will cycle through, and if you listen carefully you will hear the
president say: "There will be no illegal tappings, eavesdropping, buggings or
break-ins in my administration." Who dared during his term in the 1970s to think
that President Ford might someday be a figure of nostalgia, and wisdom?

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: David M. Shribman is executive editor of the Post-Gazette
(dshribman@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1890). Follow him on Twitter at ShribmanPG.
/

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              810 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 27, 2005 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Playola

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 331 words


Perhaps the question is this: If you were a disc jockey or a radio station
manager, would the chance to play blackjack with Celine Dion in Las Vegas induce
you to put her single ''I Drove All Night'' on the air more often? Or would you
find yourself wondering why a music giant like Sony BMG felt it needed to
support a wealthy singer's new record with badly disguised bribes? The latter
thought will occur to many who read the e-mail correspondence gathered by Eliot
Spitzer, New York's attorney general, whose investigation of Sony BMG's payola
practices ended this week with a $10 million payment.

Those e-mail notes portray a curious world of mutual need. Some show a record
company aggressively pushing its quid pro quo, threatening to come down hard on
stations that accepted its bribes but didn't follow through with airtime. But in
other e-mail, you can almost hear the venality of station personnel, a palpable
eagerness to be bought off with a laptop, a DVD player or a ''flyaway'' to New
York. The sums may sound trifling, but the crime is real. And the sums may not
sound so trifling when the attorney general has finished his investigation of
the practices of other record companies.

No one supposes that radio playlists are the results of pure popularity or
artistic merit -- not since the payola scandals of the late 1950's and early
60's. The radio map has changed entirely since then. It has seen the near-demise
of local stations, the rise of powerful national networks like Clear Channel,
the splintering of audiences and the appearance of satellite radio. The radio
spectrum at the moment includes everything from ironclad rotations for mass
markets to an untested merger of radio and the Internet called podcasting. To
the extent that they offer payola, record companies will offer it only to the
largest of these outlets. As Mr. Spitzer continues his investigation, he would
do well to look at those who are doing the taking as well as those who are doing
the bribing.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              811 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 12, 1992 Saturday

CLOSE UP   Environmental ruin is Dead Ahead

BYLINE: JACK CHARLTON; GAM

LENGTH: 487 words


BY JACK CHARLTON
WHEN AN OIL TANKER called Exxon Valdez ran aground off the coast of Alaska
on Good Friday, 1989, the scale of the ensuing disaster was unimaginable.
The first news reports suggested the ship's captain was drunk at the time
of the accident. That speculation lent a strange air of ordinariness to
the incident, which left millions of tons of crude oil floating toward the
coasts of Alaska and British Columbia.

As the story of the disaster is told in Dead Ahead: Exxon Valdez
Disaster, Capt. Joseph Hazelwood's drinking problem was only one element
in a catalogue of incompetence. An HBO"BBC co-production, Dead Ahead is
more docu-drama than TV movie. British director Paul Seed (House of Cards)
and executive producer Leslie Woodhead (who has extensive experience on
the acclaimed World in Action current affairs program) have based the
drama on first-hand evidence. This is a movie with a dizzying pace - Exxon
officials, politicians, fishermen, environmental protection workers,
reporters and White House aides are caught in a sweeping disaster that
none of them can comprehend. It has the vaguely confusing air of
authenticity.

Strangely, an Exxon official is one of the few heroes. Frank Iarossi
(Christopher Lloyd), the president of Exxon Shipping Company is presented
as a man at the centre of a storm, who wants to do the right thing. At
every turn he meets incompetence, venality and stupidity.

The only other force for real moral rage at the disaster is Dan Lawn
(John Heard), the local officer for the Alaska Department of Environmental
Conservation. As the first environment official on the scene, Lawn
immediately understood the scale of the disaster and spent days raging at
the paltry efforts to contain it. Lawn represents the ordinary individual
- understanding what he sees and not powerful enough to make others see
the awful truth.

Crude oil was allowed through the pristine Alaskan waters only because
the Alyeska consortium of oil companies (Exxon, BP and other giant oil
firms) had a fail-safe plan to cope with oil spills. When the Exxon Valdez
ran aground, the plan was revealed as an elaborate sham. Hours after the
spill began, there was still no response - booms were unavailable to
contain the oil and only a fraction of the promised oil dispersant was on
hand. Then it became clear that the dispersants might not be safe to use.
Alyeska blamed Exxon, who blamed the coast guard and the state of Alaska.
The governor blamed all the oil companies. Nobody asked the local
fishermen for their help and advice.

Dead Ahead ends with an ominious note - both Dan Lawn and Frank Iarossi
were gone from their jobs just months after the disaster. This gripping
movie ultimately suggests that the only people who learned anything from
the disaster were shunted aside. And that suggests that a similar disaster
would happen again because the incompetents are still in charge.

Dead Ahead airs Monday on First Choice at 7:30 p.m. 447004

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 8, 2007 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

'Loot' not quite pure bedlam, but what a hoot!

BYLINE: WENDELL BROCK; Staff

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 526 words


THEATER REVIEW

"Loot"

Grade: B

8 p.m. Tuesdays-Sundays. 2 p.m. Sundays. Through Aug. 19. $15-$40. Georgia
Shakespeare, Conant Performing Arts Center, Oglethorpe University, 4484
Peachtree Road N.E., Atlanta. 404-264-0020; gashakespeare.org.

The verdict: A little flat, but still fun.

How convenient that Fay looks so great in her form-fitting black mourning suit
and veil. She's had seven dead husbands in less than a decade, and the woman
she's been nursing has just turned up in a casket.

Thus begins Joe Orton's zany black comedy, "Loot," a detective-fiction send-up
about a bumbling widower, a couple of small-time slacker criminals, a
mustachioed investigator and one devout Catholic nurse with killer looks and an
unintentionally droll bedside manner.

As played by Courtney Patterson in director Sabin Epstein's Georgia Shakespeare
production, Fay is the delightfully dishy heart of Orton's acerbic 1965 satire
of the British middle class. Laying a cloth embroidered with Biblical text over
the coffin of the deceased, the pert blonde comments pithily: "The Ten
Commandments --- she was a great believer in some of them."

At its best, "Loot" combines the elegant, foolproof design of an Ernst Lubitsch
comedy with the deliberate outrageousness of a Charles Ludlam farce. Though
Epstein and his impeccable ensemble make the most of the material, "Loot"
doesn't sustain the giddy heights of Georgia Shakespeare's 2004 producton of
"What the Butler Saw," mainly because it is a far subtler piece of social
commentary.

This is not a psychedelic, Austin Powers-style romp but a gravely funny study of
politics, religion, human venality and the ineffectual state of the criminal
justice system.

No doubt modeled somewhat on Orton himself, Hal (Joe Knezevich) is a sniveling,
sexually ambiguous thief with grandiose plans for making off with his stolen
cash and his accomplice-friend, Dennis (Daniel May).

The only thing that gets in his way is his mother's coffin.

Before the corpse is cold, Fay is scheming to marry Hal's father, McLeavy (Chris
Kayser); Dennis turns up as the hearse driver and immediately takes a shine to
Fay; and Truscott --- an official from the "Metropolitan Water Board" played by
Allen O'Reilly --- drops by to stir the kettle.

Constantly preening in the mirror and combing his Beatles-era mop top, Knezevich
gives a wonderfully smirky perfomance as Hal, and May is good, too, as the
sheepish and befuddled Dennis. Why won't Hal go to his mother's funeral? "It
would upset me," he says, mincingly.

In a tweedy jacket and pork-pie hat, O'Reilly is spot on as the quintessentially
hapless detective. But Patterson's Fay is the true hoot of "Loot." Patterson is
not only in top form here; she's one of the most dazzling Atlanta actresses of
her generation.

With capers involving glass eyeballs, sewing dummies and an endless roundelay of
slamming doors, "Loot" possesses all the machinations of pure bedlam. But
Orton's premise never fully lives up to its promise, and 40 years after its
arrival, "Loot" feels a little dated and a little flat. Happily, Georgia
Shakespeare gives this an admirable workout --- and finds the fizz in its dead
champagne.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bill DeLoachFay (Courtney Patterson, from left), Hal (Joe
Knezevich) and Dennis (Daniel May) put their heads together as they attempt to
hide stolen cash./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Bill DeLoachTruscott (Allen O'Reilly, from left) works his bumbling
detective skills on thief Hal (Joe Knezevich) and his accomplice Dennis (Daniel
May) in the Georgia Shakespeare production./ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              813 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 9, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Books in Brief: Nonfiction

BYLINE: By David Kaufman

SECTION: Section 7; Page 18; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 301 words



 True Colors
 The Real Life of the Art World.
 By Anthony Haden-Guest.
 Atlantic Monthly, $27.50.

Artists, dealers, collectors, auctioneers, critics -- seemingly everyone
involved with the contemporary art world makes an appearance in "True Colors,"
Anthony Haden-Guest's devastating account of the art scene during the past three
decades, when vested interests supplanted esthetic concerns. The book is
top-heavy with revealing anecdotes and names -- it sometimes reads like a
directory. One must also endure Mr. Haden-Guest's occasionally irritating prose,
punctuated by snappy jargon and ho-hum metaphors. But drawing on his background
as a cultural journalist, he proves a valuable guide through an art landscape
that acquired "a heated, garish quality, like the set for a game show." "True
Colors" may surpass an outsider's worst suspicions about the "nonchalant
ruthlessness" of "an art world where all that anybody talked about was money."
"I really enjoy sales. Sales is a form of conscious control," says Jeff Koons, a
one-time Wall Street broker who became a prominent artist in the mid-80's.
Advising other art dealers on how to handle their clients, Mary Boone suggests,
"Get them into debt. . . . Get them to buy lots of houses, get them to have
expensive habits and girlfriends. . . . That's what really drives them to
produce." There is ultimately a tedious sameness to such candid venality. But in
addition to in-depth looks at Julian Schnabel, Jean-Michel Basquiat and their
kind, the story is supplemented by a rich variety of stomach-churning reports on
artists whose work entails self-mutilation. The grisly extremes some people have
stooped to for their 15 minutes of attention suggest they would welcome even the
scathing treatment they receive here.   David Kaufman

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              814 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            November 4, 2002 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Movies;
FRIDAY

BYLINE: Doug Anderson

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 501 words


Sphere (1998)

Nine, 8.30pm

Deep beneath the surface of the South Pacific researchers discover a mysterious
glowing object. Crack divers, or rather submarine scientists, are dispatched to
investigate the huge, perfectly spherical metal structure. What is it? Anthony
Mundine's ego? A mutant pearl? The sphere doesn't seem to be man-made. Certain
"manifestations" suggest something serious is going on and failure to
successfully ascertain the origin and purpose of the big ball may lead to the
destruction of the human species or worse. It's hard to respond with anything
but derision to this ludicrously pretentious guff. The big questions are: 1. Can
Dustin Hoffman, Sharon Stone and Samuel L. Jackson outwit the aliens? 2. Can
director Barry Levinson make a total hash of Michael Crichton's novel? The
answer is yes in both cases.

Snake Eyes (1998)

Seven, 8.30pm

Shakers and Movers, from the US Secretary of Defence down, flock to an Atlantic
City casino to see a heavyweight championship fight. Also in attendance are
Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage) and his old pal, Kevin Dunne (Gary
Sinise). When a pugilist goes down for the count and well beyond close to
ringside it's evident they have a problem. The dead pug has been fatally
ventilated by a well-placed (aptly enough) slug. It looks like a long
investigation is in the offing, given that there are 14,000 suspects, witnesses
and potential accomplices. Can Rick and Kev suss out the killer? Well duhh! Does
a shark bite? They manage to solve the case but not before Brian De Palma has
led the pair, and the viewer, down a stylish pathway littered with herrings of a
reddish hue. Remarkably, when it comes to examining videotapes in pursuit of the
vital clue, Detective Santoro doesn't have to pay a fat fee to Don King
Enterprises. Not that he isn't above a spot of extortion and schmoozing. He has
scammed bucks from petty crims in order to have a punt on the fight. De Palma
seems to be incapable of combining dramatic elements with character and
personality. It seems to be the fashion in films about people who have become so
numbed by the ruthless venality attending their existence that they respond in
an emotionally minimalist fashion. Is there a hint of Rashomon in the film? Nah,
that would suggest a sense of style which it doesn't have and a respectability
it doesn't deserve.

The 6.10 Train (1999)

SBS, 10pm

Onno is 30 and his ambition is to become a curator at Amsterdam's Rijksmuseum.
He is well qualified and sails through the initial rounds of the interview
process. Eventually the field is whittled down to just two: himself and a
younger fellow, Alex. Onno reckons Alex has the edge and conspires to ringbark
his chances by kidnapping him and locking him up in a remote cottage. During
this abduction, he manages to blind his opponent in one eye. With Alex out of
the race, Onno secures the position and releases Alex. Three years later he is
obliged to seek an assistant. Who should turn up for the interview but Alex. Now
read on ...

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Morning Star

                                 June 18, 2005

Comment - Corrupt no-marks;

LENGTH: 526 words


It is possible - just - to argue that global warming is not caused by the
emission of greenhouse gases, principally CO2.

But it is bewildering to contemplate a situation where the key document on
climate change to be placed before G8 summit allows for the possibility that -
despite all scientific evidence to the contrary - the world is, in fact, not
growing hotter.

If the political leaders are to deny the reality of scientific data, how long
before they refuse to accept unquestioningly that the Earth is round or that it
has existed for more than a few thousand years?

The unhappy coming together of the Christian right and the most rapacious
transnational corporations - Big Oil - in support of George W Bush's political
career has had a disastrous effect on the US.

It has allowed religious extremists to force schools to elevate scriptural texts
to the level of scientific scholarship, proclaiming creationism as a valid
alternative to Darwin's investigations of the origins of species.

Dogmatic opposition to abortion has not only allowed so-called "pro-life"
fanatics to deny a woman's right to control her own fertility but has hamstrung
stem cell research which could open the way to curing many severe medical
conditions.

The ability of the Christian right to mobilise a solid electoral block for a
mish-mash of piety, obscurantism and global mass murder has presented a variety
of political no-marks with the chance to rebrand themselves as born-again
Christians and to imply divine inspiration for their unabashed self-prostitution
for corporate power.

President Bush and his equally undistinguished - in anything but venality -
brother Jeb are prime examples of this shower of rebranded mediocrities.

Lectures on the need to promote democracy on a global scale and eradicate
corruption in the Third World fall from their lips as though no-one was aware
that these crooks have quite a bit of previous.

Both men have been bought and sold by the Cuba-hating Cuban mafia in Miami,
which why the Miami 5 Cuban patriots languish in federal jails and blood-soaked
terrorist Luis Posada is feted as a freedom fighter.

Not content with mafia money, the two men's back pockets are bulging with bribes
from the oil companies, which have been repaid by the Bush administration's
refusal to admit the truth about global warming and the oil industry's
responsibility.

What part of the word "corruption" does not apply to a situation where an
elected president employs an oil industry representative, Philip Cooney, whose
main task is to doctor scientific documents to purport to deny the role of oil
in global warming?

Tony Blair has made much of his commitment to the Kyoto protocol and, in the
run-up to the Gleneagles summit, had pledged to concentrate on ways of cutting
CO2 emissions.

He cannot remain true to these assertions and to his slavish devotion to the US
president.

Unless the summit is to be submerged in a wave of global derision, the other G8
countries must reject the Big Oil fairytales recited by the US president and
agree to decisive action to combat global warming.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2005

               Copyright 2005 People's Press Printing Society Ltd


                              816 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                         April 7, 1997 - April 13, 1997


One Foot on the Floor

BYLINE: Allen Young

SECTION: LEGIT; LEGIT REVIEWS; Pg. 180

LENGTH: 463 words


DENVER A Denver Center Theater Co. presentation of an adaptation by Jeffrey
Hatcher of Georges Feydeau's "Le Dindon." Conceived and directed by Marcia
Milgrom Dodge. Set, Vicki Smith; costumes, David Kay Mickelson; lighting, Don
Darnutzer; sound, David R. White; stage manager, Lyle Raper. Artistic director,
Donovan Marley. Opened March 27, 1997, at the Denver Center's Stage Theater.
Reviewed March 27; 699 seats; $ 32 top. Running time: 1 HOUR, 50 MIN.

Cast: Dee Ann Newkirk (Betty Johnson), Anthony Dodge (Rod Larue), Mark Shanahan
(John Thomas Johnson), Deborah LaCoy (Miss Pritt/Muffin Foy), Walter Hudson
(Larry Fontayne), Jacqueline Antaramian (Mayo LaRue), Paul Stolarsky (L.B.
Merkin), Mark Rubald (Snivels), Isabel Keating (LaVita Terrafamilia), Patrick
Goss (Bellboy), Farnham Scott (Mr. Kilroy), Nobel Shropshire (Congressman
Clitterhouse/Sully), Christiane McKenna (Mrs. Clitterhouse), Rachel K. Taylor
(Maid), Tupper Cullum (Lt. O'Toole), Keith L. Hatten (Sergeant); Gabriella
Cavallero, Charlie Chiv, Richard Lyons, Michael Rahhal, Kate Richardson, Michael
Scarsella.

Acharmless adaptation of one of Feydeau's capricious comedies ("Le Dindon"),
"One Foot on the Floor" is flat when it is not raunchy, silly when it is not
tedious, and falls short in its ambitions to be an all-inclusive satire of
Hollywood.

Set in 1939 Hollywood, "Foot" attempts to foist a picture of dream-factory
venality into the structure of a Feydeau comedy. This cynical miscalculation is
most obvious in the first act, when playwright Jeffrey Hatcher tries to
establish a large group of players but comes close to collapsing any comic
logic. The second act, set at the Beverly Hills Hotel and involving four couples
who move from door to door and bed to bed with strenuous zeal, develops some
boisterous, if obvious, antics.

The plot follows a studio censor who believes that the company's major new movie
shows a flamboyant disregard for the industry's morality code. Farcical
complications involve a Brazilian dancer, a studio chief, the censor's wife,
various movie stars and starlets: The potential for farce is large, but is
realized more in confrontation than comic spirit.

The big cast works hard to establish momentum. Jacqueline Antaramian is a tough
and gorgeous vixen, Isabel Keating is a funny Carmen Miranda type, and Walter
Hudson, as the Errol Flynn type, is a sexy presence. As another star, Anthony
Dodge is not quite the virile, ironic figure needed.

Director Marcia Milgrom Dodge has not found the light tone that farce needs.
Vicki Smith's sets have the required Feydeau doors, and the bedroom is pure
Hollywood glamour. David Kay Mickelson's costumes are most pleasing in the
Scarlett O'Hara-style gowns.

Incidentally, "Le Dindon" means "the turkey."

LOAD-DATE: April 08, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1997 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 25, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Book review: "Machine Made," Tammany Hall and American Politics by Terry Golway

BYLINE: Robert B. Mitchell

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 461 words

Politics

MACHINE MADETammany Hall and the Creation of Modern American Politics

 By Terry Golway

Liveright. 367 pp. $27.95

New York City's Tammany Hall is synonymous in popular lore with graft,
vote-buying and other abuses long associated with urban politics, but in
"Machine Made," Terry Golway asserts that this narrative is wrong. The real
significance of the iconic Democratic organization that dominated New York
politics from the early 19th century until the years after World War II, Golway
argues, stemmed from its role in empowering Irish immigrants and shaping the
direction of modern liberalism.

Tammany's rise before the Civil War paralleled Irish struggles for independence
from Great Britain, according to Golway. As New York's mostly Irish immigrants
fought to survive, Tammany offered a means for resisting nativists,
sanctimonious Protestant preachers and upper-crust reformers who were disdainful
of the poor and fearful of the Catholic Church.

The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in 1911, a tragedy that claimed the lives
of 146 workers, marked a turning point in the evolution of the organization.
Under the guidance of its leader, Charles Francis Murphy, Tammany threw its
weight behind an ambitious reform agenda in Albany and succeeded in banning
child labor, improving workplace safety regulation and requiring employers to
grant workers one day off a week.

Murphy, a quiet man who preferred listening to speech-making - his nickname was
"Silent Charlie" - emerges as perhaps Tammany's greatest leader. Under his
guidance, Tammany championed "a lunch-bucket form of liberalism" that appealed
to reformers including Frances Perkins, who later became the first woman to
serve in the federal Cabinet, and an ambitious state legislator named Franklin
Delano Roosevelt. At the national level, Murphy prodded the Democratic Party
away from the evangelical Protestant populism of William Jennings Bryan and
toward a more modern and politically appealing brand of progressive politics.

Golway chronicles Murphy's career, along with the rise of Al Smith and his
subsequent eclipse by FDR, with great skill. But he is less eager to detail the
venality that was part and parcel of Tammany rule through much of its existence.
The rise and fall of William "Boss" Tweed, the notorious embodiment of
19th-century machine politics, gets perfunctory treatment, as does the career of
Richard Croker, another corrupt Tammany boss.

Golway's sympathy for Tammany and its constituents gets in the way of telling a
story that might have been more enlightening if it were more dispassionate. Even
so, there is much in this well-written account of the legendary political
organization to interest students of American history.

- Robert B. Mitchell

robert.mitchell@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             July 29, 2004 Thursday

TAKE A SHORT CUT TO 'BEST OF AURORA' SHOW

BYLINE: Chris Garcia, AMERICAN-STATESMAN

SECTION: XL ENT; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 425 words


Compared with the symphonic reach of feature films, shorts are clipped ditties,
compact messengers, yet ones that can convey the punch of their full-length
brethren if done right. Shorts crop up locally in litters, and it's often where
filmmakers cut teeth before graduating to bigger reels.

The latest batch arrives in the traveling "Best of Aurora Picture Show, Vol. 2,"
11 film and video shorts from around the world. The movies "rocked the house,"
according to the Houston-based, nonprofit cinema group Aurora, and will be
presented by Motion Media Arts Center at 7 p.m. Saturday at Gallery Lombardi
(910 W. Third St.).

The shorts are:

* "10," a study of how someone can get a perfect score in figure skating with
the aid of modern video editing, by Philippe Hamelin of Montreal.

* "Water Rerouting Initiatives," by Adam Frelin of St. Louis, Mo., looks at how
public water sources such as drinking fountains and sprinklers can be creatively
molested to make something nearing art.

* "Radio Nowhere," by Californian Enid Baxter, was "shot with a junky camera
while walking a German shepherd puppy," says the filmmaker. "It's about Los
Angeles and how you can get lost in the cracks between the palm trees and cement
stars."

* Jeroen Offerman's "The Stairway at St. Paul's" pricks an ear to the old
controversy of backward masking in rock records when evil was presumed to lurk
between the grooves. From Berlin.

* "Bloodhag: The Faster You Go Deaf, the More Time You Have to Read" comes from
Brad Vanderburg of Seattle and follows a death metal band that educates teens by
blasting inside libraries. For real.

* "The Problem of Possible Redemption," by American Harrell Fletcher, is a video
spin on Joyce's "Ulysses" shot at a senior center in Connecticut.

* "20/12" chronicles the national crisis in Argentina and its effect on real
people there. By Mariano Cohn of Buenos Aires.

* In "Tape 5925: Amy Goodrow," Houston filmmaker Eileen Maxson ponders the fuzzy
ethics and repercussions of MTV's soul-devouring show "The Real World."

* "Magic Mountain" blends Tennesseean Hakworth Ashley's home video footage from
high school with animation for a meditation on money, power and venality.

* "Satan Claus," by J.X. Williams of San Francisco, humorously splices footage
of an Italian horror film with a Mexican Yuletide picture from the '50s.

* In his fable "The Oral Thing," Berlin-based Bjorn Melhus slyly critiques the
hollow sensationalism and confessional fervor of daytime talk shows.

Tickets: $4-$5, 236-8877, www.motionmac.org.

-- Chris Garcia

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                              819 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 14, 1987, Monday, Final Edition

University Presses: Stick to Your Standards

BYLINE: JONATHAN YARDLEY

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B2; JONATHAN YARDLEY

LENGTH: 1166 words


Guess what these books have in common and you win the grand prize: a novel by a
Dutch writer about two circus performers; a new history of the Lindbergh
kidnaping case; a collection of anecdotes about actors and the theater; a
self-help book about "How to Stay Well, and What to Do When You're Not"; a
thriller by a French novelist about "the last man"; and new volumes of poetry by
Howard Nemerov and Karl Shapiro.

If you guessed that all these books are being published in the fall 1987 season
now getting underway, you're right, but not right enough by half. To walk away
with the honors in this competition, you have to know that all of these books
are being published not by trade houses but by university presses: Louisiana
State, Rutgers, Oxford, Harvard, Columbia and Chicago, respectively.

This, many would have us believe, is the wave of publishing's future. With
increasing frequency, those who worry over the commercialism that has swept
through the trade houses are placing their hopes for serious publishing in two
quarters: the small presses and the university presses. The former are indeed
making impressive progress on all fronts, but they are still quite indisputably
small and their capacity to influence either publishing or literature is still
limited. The university presses, by contrast, are well established, and many of
them are both large and highly respected; are they indeed ready to move out of
their traditional scholarly role and into the trickier world of trade
publishing?

From where I sit, the answer is a most emphatic "maybe." If you listen to the
university press people, you will hear from many of them a confident if not smug
assertion that they are ready, willing and able to take over the serious
publishing that the trade houses, in their view, have abandoned. But if you look
at the "trade" books these houses are now so eagerly issuing, your judgment must
be less sanguine; the evidence suggests that a good deal of leaping without
looking is going on here, and that the university presses may be getting in over
their heads.

This evidence falls into two broad categories: The university presses are
getting into kinds of publishing about which they know little or nothing, and
they are too willing to compromise scholarly standards in order to compete for
the trade dollar. These are for the most part errors of good will and
inexperience rather than mere venality, but they are errors all the same, and
they should not be allowed to pass unnoticed in the general hoopla over the
presses' new role.

The principal area in which inexperience shows its awkward hand is fiction.
Until 1980 the university presses had published relatively little fiction, but
then LSU, at the urging of Walker Percy, stepped in where heaven knows how many
trade houses had feared to tread and brought out, posthumously, John Kennedy
Toole's riotous novel, "A Confederacy of Dunces." It went on to win a Pulitzer
Prize, to become a best seller in paperback -- and to give the university
presses dreams of publishing grandeur.

Now it's the rare university press that doesn't issue fiction in one form or
another. Several specialize in collections of short stories; LSU publishes the
winner of the Pegasus Prize, an international competition, and Pittsburgh has
the Drue Heinz Literature Prize, for American writers; others concentrate on
regional writing, and a number bring out poetry. But what they all have in
common is the steadfast conviction that, by contrast with the schlock merchants
of New York, they are on the side of the angels.

Which can only mean that the angels have lousy taste in fiction. Though
certainly there have been exceptions, too many of the books by American writers
that university presses now bring out simply are not accomplished enough to
withstand editorial scrutiny at a responsible trade house -- of which, in
actuality, there are a number. Too often the university presses merely serve as
house organs for the work of the local writers-in-residence and their
prote'ge's, thereby tightening the stranglehold that the writing departments
have gained on lit'ry fiction.

The problem frequently is that the university presses have no editors with
experience in evaluating and publishing new fiction, so they either try to wing
it or they go to the writing departments and beg their assistance. Either course
has as many potholes as Publishers' Row, and the results show their effects.
However good their intentions may be, it is insufficient for the university
presses to claim that because they are now publishing fiction, they are serving
literature; they must produce more fiction that actually warrants publication
before their claims to moral superiority over the New Yorkers will have any
validity.

As for scholarly standards, they are still maintained in the majority of books
issued by these houses, but they are also being set aside when the publishers
seem less interested in standards than in income from trade sales. A number of
books in recent years have shown evidence of this, but none more so than one I
read the other day. Published by a university press of immense reputation, it
dealt with a subject (popular music) customarily dominated by the trade houses.
But I found it difficult to believe that any self-respecting trade house would
have accepted so shabby a piece of work as this one, and I therefore concluded
that the university press was more interested in making money off this book than
in holding it to scholarly standards.

Those standards usually are enforced by boards of review that must approve each
book the editors at a university press want to publish; the boards consist of
scholars from a broad variety of disciplines who, though they are eager to
cooperate with the editors, keep the criteria high. But on the evidence of some
of the books now coming forth from some of these presses, those standards are
being eased or ignored when it is convenient to do so. This may produce
immediate financial returns, but in the long run it can only diminish the
reputation of scholarly publishing within the scholarly community itself.

That would be an unnecessary price to pay for evanescent gains. Though the
university presses certainly cannot ignore the bottom line, they do not operate
by ordinary marketplace methods and expectations. Their first obligation is not
to make money -- some break even at best, and most receive one form of subsidy
or another -- but to contribute to scholarship and general knowledge. This does
not mean that they must publish, willy-nilly, every bit of arcana that the local
scholars emit; the percentage of doctoral dissertations that make it into book
form has declined markedly, and three cheers for that. It does mean, though,
that if the university presses are to be true to themselves and to their
obligations, they must be scholars first and publishers second; the temptation
to make quick gains through reversed priorities must be stoutly resisted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              820 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday

Market bubble magnified shifts in business mores;
Corporate transgressions exceed any seen;
since years preceding Great Depression

BYLINE: DAVID WESSEL

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B13

LENGTH: 712 words


Every decade has king-size corporate villains. In the 1970s, Robert Vesco was
indicted for looting the Investors Overseas Services mutual funds. In the 1980s,
arbitrager Ivan Boesky and junk-bond inventor Michael Milken went to jail.

But the scope and scale of the corporate transgressions of the late 1990s, now
coming to light, exceed anything the U.S. has witnessed since the years
preceding the Great Depression.

Enron Corp.'s top executives reaped hundreds of millions of dollars as the
company collapsed. Arthur Andersen LLP, Enron's auditor, was convicted last week
of obstructing justice. Tyco International Ltd.'s lionized chief executive
officer is charged with tax evasion and accused of secret pay deals with
underlings. Cable giant Adelphia Communications Corp. admitted inflating numbers
and making undisclosed loans to its major shareholders. Xerox Corp. paid a
$10-million (U.S.) fine for overstating revenues. Dynegy Corp. and CMS Energy
Corp. simultaneously bought and sold electricity in transactions with no point
other than pumping up trading volumes. Merrill Lynch & Co. paid $100-million to
settle New York state charges that analysts misled investors, and other Wall
Street firms are now under scrutiny.

"I've never seen anything of this magnitude with companies this large," says
Henry McKinnell, 59, CEO of pharmaceutical maker Pfizer Inc.

Why is so much corporate venality surfacing now? Is there more of it, or is more
attention being paid? Did a few executives lose their ethical moorings in the
exuberance of the 1990s? Or did a few notorious offenders break rules that many
others merely bent? Is the entire system of corporate governance and regulation
flawed? Or was the system abused by a few cleverly diabolical executives who
deserve, as U.S. Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill puts it, "to hang . . . from
the very highest branches?"

The answer, put simply: A stock market bubble magnified changes in business
mores and brought trends that had been building for years to a climax. The
victims: the very shareholders the executives were supposed to be serving.

One culprit was stock options, which gave executives huge incentives to boost
near-term share prices regardless of long-term consequences. No CEO pay package
seemed to strike any board of directors as too big.

These incentives helped turn the widely practiced art of earnings management -
making sure profits meet or barely exceed Wall Street expectations - into a
gross distortion of reality at some companies.

And the institutions that were created to check such abuses failed. The remnants
of a professional ethos in accounting, law and securities analysis gave way to
getting the maximum revenue per partner.

The auditor's signature on a corporate report didn't testify that the report was
an accurate snapshot, says Mr. O'Neill. He says it too often meant only that a
company had "cooked the books to generally accepted standards."

Precisely measuring the volume of corporate skullduggery is difficult. The SEC
opened 570 investigations last year. That's more than in any of the previous 10
years - but just 10 more than in 1994. More than 150 companies restated their
earnings in each of the past three years, an acknowledgment that they had
misinformed investors. That's more than triple the levels of the early 1990s,
but represents only 1 per cent of publicly traded companies.

One view, a staple of speeches by chief executives and government officials,
underscores that only a small fraction of companies and executives stand accused
of wrongdoing. It's the "few bad apples" analysis.

For this camp, the smart response is to punish the miscreants severely and
tinker with the parts of the system that are broken, taking care to avoid hasty
changes with unintended consequences.

But there's another view: The headline-making cases are symptoms of a broader
disease, not exceptions, and a regulatory apparatus that isn't up to the
challenge.

"A few bad apples? Looks like we've got the whole peck here," says retired
federal judge Stanley Sporkin, the SEC's enforcement chief in the 1970s.

To this camp, the reasonable response is broader legislation and tougher
regulation on the scale of the 1930s laws that created the SEC and the modern
regulatory regime.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 29, 2009 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

The Devil's Section Our view o Bribery loot: bad. Campaign loot: good. OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: 0


On Thursday, state Rep. T.D. El-Amin, D-St. Louis, pleaded guilty to a federal
charge of soliciting and accepting $2,100 in bribes.

Bad. Very bad. As state Rep. Joe Smith, R-St. Charles, told the Post-Dispatch's
Jake Wagman, it causes people to ask, "What are they doing in Jefferson City?"

Part of the answer is this: Soliciting money.

On Wednesday, as El-Amin awaited his day in court and prepared to resign from
office, Gov. Jay Nixon's campaign committee received a $25,000 contribution from
Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Kansas City.

Since July, Republican Tom Schweich's campaign for state auditor has received
seven contributions of $10,000 or more. In August, state Rep. Steven Tilley,
R-Perryville, who probably will be the next Missouri House speaker, received
five matching $10,000 donations from a group of nursing homes.

Back at City Hall, St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay - who doesn't face reelection
until 2013 - has received five contributions of $5,000 or more since July. One
them, from the Clayton law firm in which Steven M. Stone is a partner, came on
Sept. 8. That's the day that developer Paul McKee's proposed NorthSide
development project faced a critical vote at City Hall. Mr. Stone is Mr. McKee's
attorney.

We could go on - we haven't even mentioned Congress - but all of this? Good.
Very good. Free speech at its finest.

El-Amin's biggest crime - aside from epic stupidity and venality - was his
failure to make a distinction between bribery, which is illegal, and taking huge
campaign contributions, which the Supreme Court has ruled is a constitutional
right.

We have no doubt that some contributors give money because they support the
policies and principles of the candidates and aren't looking for anything in
return. We also are certain that many others are looking for a favor, even if
it's only getting a phone call returned.

A bribe is something you can stick in your pocket. A campaign contribution must
be used for political purposes. You can use a bribe, for instance, to pay your
phone bill. You can't do that with a campaign contribution, though you can use
it to pay the phone bill at your campaign office. Or you can give it to another
politician's campaign.

Section 666 - sometimes called the Devil's Section - of Chapter 31 of the
federal criminal code lays out the difference: The feds have to prove that a
public official took something of value in direct exchange for using his
official influence. A campaign contribution is something of value, but proving
that "quid pro quo" usually makes bribery cases very hard to make.

El-Amin's case came gift-wrapped.

Public corruption cases make people very cynical about government, so we're glad
the feds unwrapped El-Amin's gift. But they understand, as we all should, that
they caught a minnow. Until all campaigns are publicly financed, far bigger fish
legally will swim free.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  T.D. El-Amin

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            March 15, 2003, Saturday

Film Choice

BYLINE: Stephen Dalton

SECTION: Features; Play; 32

LENGTH: 1811 words


Saturday

MRS DOUBTFIRE (1993)

BBC One, 5.35pm

A TOUR de force for Robin Williams, Mrs Doubtfire is a children's film for
grown- ups from the Harry Potter director Chris Columbus. Williams plays Daniel
Hillard, a divorced actor who poses as the matronly Scottish nanny of the title
in order to be near his children. The plot strays into laboured farce at times,
but mostly it rings true, never over-indulging the mawkish sentimentality of
Williams at his worst. (125 min)

MOULIN ROUGE! (2001)

Sky Movies Premier, 8pm

BAZ LURHMANN's intoxicating homage to bohemian Paris at the dawn of the last
century takes no chances on subtlety, bludgeoning the viewer into submission
with its boastful artifice and extravagance. Nicole Kidman stars as the vampish
showgirl Satine and acts Ewan McGregor and Jim Broadbent effortlessly off
screen. The plot is pure pantomime, but the stunning studio sets and witty
retro- modern musical numbers are brilliantly constructed. (127 min)

BLOOD AND WINE

(1997) BBC One, 11.20pm; Wales, 12.10am

A RARE reunion between Jack Nicholson and the director Bob Rafelson brings out a
grizzled seriousness in Nicholson that few other film-makers can reach. Michael
Caine is also impressive in a noir-tinged tale of venality and lust, giving a
Gothic turn as Nicholson's sickly partner in a messy Florida jewel theft.
Jennifer Lopez and Judy Davis add further shades of darkness to an already
splendidly murky triple-cross plot. (103 min)

Sunday

!THREE AMIGOS! (1986)

BBC One, 1pm; except Scotland

A TRIO of silent movie cowboys are mistaken for genuine gunslingers in an uneven
but genial spoof western co-written and co-produced by its main star, Steve
Martin. John Landis directs Martin, Chevy Chase and Martin Short as clownish Old
Hollywood icons who head to Mexico on a farcical misunderstanding, only to face
real bandits and bullets. Some of the jokes may be a little creaky, but the
stars are full of goofy, laconic charm. (110 min)

ANASTASIA (1997)

ITV1, 3pm; except Scottish

THIS FANCIFUL animated hybrid of musical history lesson and romantic fantasy
speculates on the fate of the fabled Russian Tsarist princess (voiced by Meg
Ryan) rumoured to have escaped the 1917 Revolution. Though the film is factually
preposterous, early 20th-century Paris and St Petersburg are recreated superbly,
while Ryan's vocal co-stars include excellent turns by John Cusack, Kelsey
Grammer and Christopher Lloyd. (94 min)

RISING SUN (1993) Five, 9pm

THE BESTSELLING writer Michael Crichton conceived the character of John Connor
in Rising Sun with Sean Connery in mind. Connery plays him as a kind of
modern-day Sherlock Holmes, living in Los Angeles but with a consuming interest
in Japanese culture. Which is why he is recruited by the LAPD when two
conventional detectives (Harvey Keitel and Wesley Snipes) are baffled by a
murder in the offices of a Japanese multinational company. A slick, superior
corporate thriller. (123 min)

LOCK, STOCK AND TWO SMOKING BARRELS (1998)

Channel 4, 10pm

AFTER FIVE years of feeble imitators, it is easy to underestimate just how fresh
and exhilarating Guy Ritchie's debut feature felt on release. Ritchie uses every
visual trick and snappy angle to enliven this exuberant Cockney gangster romp,
paying homage to London underworld mythology and some of its real-life
characters. The energetic pace, fearsomely convoluted plot and inspired casting
of the football hardcase Vinnie Jones redeem some lame jokes and a dubious
voyeuristic fondness for lowlife violence. (105 min)

BLACK WIDOW (1986)

Channel 4, midnight

A FILM noir in the classic Hollywood tradition, Bob Rafelson's glossy thriller
follows the efforts of a federal investigator (Debra Winger) to expose a serial
"black widow" (Theresa Russell), who is criss-crossing America targeting rich
men for marriage and murder. Sumptuously photographed and graced by several
high-quality cameos, Rafelson's erotically charged chase drama has its slack
moments. But both Winger and Russell give fine performances and the final sting
is well worth the wait. (102 min)

THE PALLBEARER (1996)

BBC Two, 12.30am; except Wales

DAVID SCHWIMMER of Friends fame made his big-screen debut as Tom Thompson, an
amiably nerdish 25-year-old caught between a dead friend's temptress mother
(Barbara Hershey) and his former high school crush (Gwyneth Paltrow). This is
essentially a Nineties update of The Graduate with a darker edge and some fine
one-liners. (98 min)

Monday

STRIKING DISTANCE (1993)

Five, 9pm

THIS PREDICTABLE but deftly handled police thriller from the writer-director
Rowdy Herrington stars Bruce Willis as Tom Hardy, a Pittsburgh river cop on the
trail of a serial killer.

Driven by personal revenge, Hardy must persuade his new partner (Sarah Jessica
Parker) and his homicide chief uncle (Dennis Farina) that the murderer is a
fellow policeman.

Herrington's gritty drama boasts enough brooding atmospherics to redeem its
formulaic elements. (105 min)

SECRETS & LIES (1995)

Channel 4, 12.05am

Mike Leigh's bittersweet comedy is set in London's shabby suburban fringes and
revolves around a reunion between Cynthia (Brenda Blethyn) and the grown up
black daughter whom she gave away at birth (Marianne Jean- Baptiste). Blethyn's
mannerisms feel gratingly exaggerated at times, but Timothy Spall and the other
cast members bring Leigh's bleak absurdities to life with dignity and
compassion. (142 min)

Tuesday

PAPER MOON (1973, b/w)

BBC Two, times vary

AT JUST ten years old, Tatum O'Neal became the youngest Oscar-winner for her
charming turn alongside her father Ryan in Peter Bogdanovich's magical rites
of-passage fable about a father-daughter team of confidence tricksters fleecing
the innocent widows of Depression-era Middle America. As in his sublime The Last
Picture Show, Bogdanovich makes exquisitely poetic use of monochrome
photography. (102 min)

MICHAEL COLLINS (1996)

ITV1, 12.25am; except Scottish

ECHOING HIS star turn in Schindler's List (see Film of the Week), Liam Neeson
gives a towering performance as the charismatic but murderously complex anti
hero of Neil Jordan's stirring panorama of early 20th-century Irish history.
Collins was a prototype Republican guerrilla who strong-armed the English to the
negotiating table, only to become a martyr to the inflammatory compromise of a
partitioned Ireland. Jordan's misty-eyed epic is overlaid with rose tinted
Hollywood romance, but the story is undeniably gripping. (133 min)

Wednesday

BLACK RAIN (1989)

Five, 9pm

MICHAEL DOUGLAS and Andy Garcia play New York cops escorting a Yakuza killer
(Yusaku Matsuda) back to Osaka to stand trial in Ridley Scott's trans-Pacific
revenge thriller.

But after their prisoner escapes, the duo are forced to scour the Japanese
gangster underworld. Scott skates over a plot full of gaping holes with flashy
action, glossy sets and an imposing fantasy vision of Osaka as a steaming,
glittering, post-apocalyptic wasteland. (125 min)

THE STING (1973)

BBC One, 11.45pm; Scotland, 12.15am

THE HIGHEST-GROSSING film of 1973, George Roy Hill's multiple Oscar-winner
reunites the director with Robert Redford and Paul Newman after their previous
massive success with Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. This time the setting
is Thirties Chicago, where the loveable rogues Johnny Hooker (Redford) and Henry
Gondorff (Newman) save their skins by conning a powerful Prohibition godfather
(Robert Shaw) out of a small fortune. Though the convoluted plot feels
maddeningly complex at times, Hill's colourful period detail and Scott Joplin's
jaunty ragtime score remain breezy and fresh. (129 min)

Thursday

FOOLS RUSH IN (1997)

Five, 8pm

SALMA HAYEK seized an early chance to flex her acting muscles opposite the
Friends star Matthew Perry in this slight but enjoyable boy-meets-girl yarn
directed by Andy Tennant.

Isabel (Hayek) is a Las Vegas casino worker and photographer, while Alex (Perry)
is a hotshot Manhattan nightclub architect. Opposites inevitably attract, but
the mismatched pair then have family issues, religion, clashing lifestyles and a
pregnancy scare to drive them apart. It is the oldest, corniest plot in history
- and yet, with two attractive stars and a sparkling script, it works perfectly.
(109 min)

THE PRIME OF MISS JEAN BRODIE (1969)

BBC One, times vary

MAGGIE SMITH gives an imperious, Oscar- winning star turn as the wrong-headed
schoolmistress at an all-girls school in Thirties Edinburgh who earns the
adoration of her pupils but disapproval from her headmistress (Celia Johnson).
The director Ronald Neame teases out the vivid passions and brash betrayals in
Muriel Spark's book with a gently sardonic eye, aided by a sharp script. And
there are fine performances from Gordon Jackson and Smith's real-life former
husband Robert Stephens as Miss Brodie's wildly contrasting lovers. The period
portrait of picture-book Edinburgh as an outpost of the bohemian demi- monde is
also handled with wit and panache. (116 min)

Friday

FALLEN (1998)

Five, 9pm

SOME DEMONIC force seems to be leaping from one doomed soul to another in
Gregory Hoblit's Fallen, one of the best of the flood of stylish and thoughtful
serial killer thrillers made in the wake of Seven. Denzel Washington struggles
to suppress his naturally sunny charm as John Hobbes, the detective charged with
solving the baffling and possibly paranormal killing spree. Inventively shot
using grainy film stock and sparing use of animation, Hoblit's highly
atmospheric chiller co-stars Donald Sutherland, John Goodman and James
Gandolfini. (123 min)

THIS BOY'S LIFE (1993)

BBC One, times vary

AN EARLY breakthrough performance from Leonardo DiCaprio anchors This Boy's
Life, an adaptation of Tobias Wolff's autobiographical memoir given a sheen of
glossy nostalgia by the director Michael Caton-Jones. The 18-year-old Leo plays
Toby, a tortured teenager heading from New Jersey to California with his single
mother Caroline (Ellen Barkin). The arrival of a bullying new stepfather, played
with an edge of menace by Robert De Niro, gives Toby something to fight against,
as well as the seeds of a writing career, in a handsome evocation of
adolescence. (113 min)

SECONDS (1966, b/w)

BBC Two, times vary

ROCK HUDSON stars as a man who learns to be careful about what he wishes for in
this Kafka-esque fable about the perennial quest for happiness and eternal
youth. A middle-aged banker (John Randolph) is offered the chance of a new life
inside a new body (Hudson) by a clandestine medical foundation. But paradise, in
the form of a beach house and a new girlfriend (Salome Jens), comes with a
bitter price in John Frankenheimer's haunting masterpiece. (100 min).


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                              823 of 996 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 6, 2017

                           Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC

                               1 N Jefferson Ave
                          Saint Louis,  MO 63103-2205
                                 United States


MSA: 41180 - St. Louis, MO-IL

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (314) 955-3000, (877) 835-7877 (Toll Free)
FAX: (314) 955-2890
URL: www.wellsfargoadvisors.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 99063 - 79960 - 79960

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1934
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: PUBLIC
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Holding
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  30,200

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

ULTIMATE PARENT:  Wells Fargo & Company (San Francisco, California)
IMMEDIATE PARENT:  Wells Fargo & Company (San Francisco, California)

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Raymond Palmer, Mng Executive           Investment(s)
Dir-Investments                         Managing Director
                                        Within Office
James Barrett, Mng  Executive           Managing Director
Dir
Celeste Phelps,     Executive           Manager
Mgr-Molalla
Jodi Nozoe Chang,   Executive           Managing Director
Mng Dir
Willard Pease Jr.,  Executive           Investment(s)
First VP &                              First Vice
Portfolio                               President
Mgr-Private                             Portfolio Manager
Investment
Mgmt-Grand Junction
Mary Atkin,         Executive           Manager
Mgr-Market
Justin Schappe,     Executive           First Vice
First VP                                President
John M. Sepe, First Executive           Investment(s)
VP-Investments-Sepe                     First Vice
Szerencsy                               President
Grp-Garden City
Justin Buell,       Executive           Vice President
VP-Investments                          Investment(s)
William Hall, VP    Executive           Vice President
Brian A. Rex,       Executive           Vice President
VP-Investments-Alba                     Investment(s)
ny
Lynne Vizzi, Assoc  Executive           Associate Vice
VP                                      President
Laura Cusenbary,    Executive           Assistant Vice
Asst VP                                 President
Michael R. Hodan,   Executive           Senior Vice
Sr                                      President
VP-Investments-Milw                     Investment(s)
aukee
Joe Yamat, Mng Dir  Executive           Managing Director
& Mgr-Wisconsin                         Manager
Dennis Hall, First  Executive           First Vice
VP                                      President
Peter Deakos, Pres- Executive           President Within    LINKEDIN:
Venality                                Office              www.linkedin.com/in
                                                            /peterdeakos
Jay Szerencsy,      Executive           Investment(s)
First                                   First Vice
VP-Investments-Sepe                     President
Szerencsy
Grp-Garden City
James E. Hays,      Executive           Head                EMAIL:
Head-Wealth                                                 JHays@firstunion2.c
Brokerage Svcs                                              om
                                                            LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/james-hays/1/353/
                                                            618
David Kowach,       Executive           President Within
Pres-Private Client                     Office
Grp
David Zehnder,      Executive           Investment(s)
Mgr-Investment                          Manager
Bob Mooney, Chief   Executive           Chief Compliance
Compliance                              Officer
Officer-Wealth,
Brokerage &
Retirement
Dan Sturges, Asst   Executive           Investment(s)
VP-Investments-Stea                     Assistant Vice
mboat Springs                           President
Craig Wilcox, Assoc Executive           Investment(s)
VP-Investments                          Associate Vice
                                        President
Krista Brown, Reg   Executive           Regional Manager
Mgr-Brokerage
Heather Hunt-Ruddy, Executive           President Within
Pres-Gateway Reg                        Office
Josh Barrett, Assoc Executive           Investment(s)
VP-Investments-Bell                     Associate Vice
ingham                                  President
Trent Alton         Executive           Investment(s)
Birdsong, Mng                           Managing Director
Dir-Investments                         Within Office
David Best,         Executive           Manager
Mgr-Shelby
Lori Huston-Dinga,  Executive           Vice President
VP-Investments-Madi                     Investment(s)
son
Nick Yetter, Sr VP  Executive           Senior Vice
                                        President
Shalene Caldwell,   Executive           Vice President
VP-Portland
Daniel J. Ludeman,  Executive           President
Pres & CEO                              Chief Executive
                                        Officer
Sean Satterfield,   Executive           Senior Vice
Sr VP                                   President
Nathan Golz, First  Executive           Investment(s)
VP-Investments-Aber                     First Vice
deen                                    President
Jim McHale, Chief   Executive           Chief Compliance
Compliance Officer                      Officer
Frank Carter, Sr VP Executive           Senior Vice
& Mgr-Valdosta                          President
                                        Manager
Sally Oradei, Sr    Executive           Senior Vice
VP-Investments                          President
                                        Investment(s)
Mark Hubbert, Chief Executive           Risk Management
Risk & Credit                           Officer
Officer
Kyle Conger, Assoc  Executive           Associate Vice
VP-Valdosta                             President
Tim Stalsberg,      Executive           Investment(s)
First                                   First Vice
VP-Investments                          President
Erik Burros, First  Executive           First Vice
VP-Portland                             President
Vanessa Foster      Executive           Senior Vice
Cooksey, Sr                             President
VP-Community
Affairs
Kelly Ryan,         Executive           Vice President
VP-Investments                          Investment(s)
Sean Reynolds, VP   Executive           Vice President
Bob Vorlop,         Executive           Head
Head-Products &
Advice

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
INDUSTRY TYPE: Securities Brokerage, Investment Banking, Financial Advisory,
Trust & Asset Management Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
523110 - Investment Banking and Securities Dealing
SECONDARY NAICS:
523991 - Trust, Fiduciary, and Custody Activities
523930 - Investment Advice
523120 - Securities Brokerage
523920 - Portfolio Management
PRIMARY SIC:
6211 - Security Brokers, Dealers & Flotation Companies
SECONDARY SIC:
6099 - Functions Related to Depository Banking, NEC
6799 - Investors, NEC
6282 - Investment Advice
6733 - Trusts, Except Educational, Religious & Charitable
6091 - Nondeposit Trust Facilities
PRODUCTS: WELLS FARGO ADVISORS - Logo
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR END: 12/31

SALES:  USD 5,000,000,000 - USD 14,999,999,999

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017


                              824 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                                 August 1, 2005

going, going, con

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER HUDSON

SECTION: ED_1ST_04; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 2673 words


AFTER waving goodbye to his family on a sunny August day, Alfred Taubman was
chauffeured to the airport terminal at Minnesota, where he climbed into his
silver Gulfstream jet - to be taken to jail.

After being served a 'last meal' of caviar and hot dogs by his butler on the
plane, the 76-yearold ex-chairman of Sotheby's - a former shoe salesman who had
made a billion-dollar fortune from building shopping malls - disembarked, then
walked past the fences and razor-wire into Minnesota's Rochester penitentiary to
begin serving his ten-month sentence in 2002.

Did Taubman get what he deserved - for being the prime mover in colluding with
rival auction house Christie's to maximise profits at the expense of their
clients? Or was he stabbed in the back by the two firms' chief executives, DeDe
Brooks and Christopher Davidge? And how many other top people in these two great
auction houses, some of them still in place today, knew what was going on?

This story of transatlantic greed and venality among some of the world's
richest, most wellgrandfather connected people has so much potential for scandal
that a book about it by English writer Christopher Mason is only now set to
appear in Britain - more than a year after its publication in America.

Several publishers rejected the book in this country, fearing libel writs.

Sotheby's and Christie's - which between them control more than 90 per cent of
the world's auction sales of major works of art - had been operating in genteel
harmony since their foundation in the mid-18th century. In 200 years, not much
had changed. Staff were paid a pittance; there was a prejudice against
'foreigners', including Americans; and modern marketing techniques were scorned.
All that was to change in the Eighties.

By 1982, Sotheby's - then under the brilliant but profligate chairmanship of
Peter Wilson - was in debt, and liable to a takeover by a carpet underlay firm
from New Jersey. The directors cast about frantically for a white knight to save
them. They found one in Al Taubman, a dyslexic, hard-driving American
entrepreneur whose wife Judy, a former Miss Israel, had once worked on the front
counter at rival Christie's.

Taubman believed in killing the competition, not coexisting with it. He lavished
money on catalogues and parties and lured prospective bidders to Sotheby's with
boardroom lunches and intimate dinners.

He introduced financial incentives, advancing money to sellers and guaranteeing
to pay agreed sums even if a piece failed to sell at auction. To snare the most
valuable estates, he would drop the seller's commission from 10 per cent to
zero.

Christie's could not compete until, in 1988, it brought in Lord Carrington -
Tory grandee and former Secretary-General of Nato - as chairman. Carrington knew
everybody and could bring in valuable estates. More to the point, he realised
that the only way Christie's could compete was by appointing as chief executive
someone as ruthless and entrepreneurial as the Americans running Sotheby's.

Carrington appointed Christopher Davidge, a former barrow boy who had sold
shirts in London's Petticoat Lane. Davidge's father and had worked at
Christie's, in low-paid positions, and he had reluctantly followed them, rising
through the catalogue-printing division of Christie's and transforming it into
an international business.

Davidge was ambitious and driven, as well as a natty dresser. Impeccably colour
co-ordinated, he didn't put his trousers on until the last moment before
meetings so as not to flatten the impeccably ironed creases.

Davidge had the loyalty of his staff, and devoted his life so single-mindedly to
Christie's that his first two marriages both failed.

HIS opposite number for Sotheby's on the other side of the ocean was just as
tough and competitive. The daughter of blueblood East Coast patricians, DeDe
Brooks had been steeled by serious illness and the death of her favourite
brother. She was energetic and disciplined, with a razor-sharp brain, and was
used to getting her own way.

In 1979, she had walked into the Madison Avenue branch of Sotheby's in New York
and offered to work for nothing in its finance department.

Within three years she had risen to be the company's executive vice-president of
finance for North America.

Her chairman Al Taubman admired her greatly - she stood up to his bullying - and
she became head of Sotheby's auction business worldwide in the same year as
Davidge attained the same position at Christie's.

In the mid-Eighties, the market for fine art went haywire. Paintings became
commodities, instruments of high finance sought after for their borrowing power.
Bankers and bond traders flocked to the salesrooms with their wives in Christian
Lacroix dresses, or bid more discreetly from their stretch limousines and
private jets.

In March 1987, Christie's in London established a new world record, selling Van
Gogh's Sunflowers for Pounds 23 million in front of a 1,500-strong black-tie
audience that, as the sale was announced, burst into wild applause. Two years
later, Sotheby's trumped this, when reporters from all over the world converged
on its New York offices to witness Van Gogh's Irises sell for an astounding
Pounds 30.5 million.

But after a five-year bull market - in which auction prices for contemporary art
more than doubled every year - the downturn came in 1990.

The following year, Sotheby's was appalled to discover that the Christie's
combination of Carrington and Davidge had brought the smaller company almost
neck and neck with it in terms of market share.

Both companies slashed costs and increased the buyer's premium - the
nonnegotiable surcharge paid by the winning bidder as a percentage of the
'hammer price', or highest bid.

Meanwhile, the man appointed to replace Carrington as chairman of Christie's,
Sir Anthony Tennant, decided it was time to talk to the opposition.

Tennant, then 61, had been brought in after his success in doubling the profits
of Guinness. He had a good reputation in the City but the personal chemistry
inside Christie's was not good. Tennant accused his chief executive of being
'wet behind the ears'; Davidge found his chairman 'arrogant, self- opinionated
and utterly charmless'.

TENNANT set up breakfast meetings with Taubman in the Sotheby's chairman's
Mayfair flat to discuss industry practices. Even in Britain, where the laws
against collusion were relatively mild, this was sailing close to the wind.

When Grey Gowrie (the former Tory minister) was chairman of Sotheby's, Taubman
had issued a stern warning against him talking to Lord Carrington at Christie's
- despite Gowrie's protestations that the English did not talk business to their
friends.

Yet five years later, Taubman was apparently willing to discuss loans,
guarantees and commissions with Tennant, and agree that the two auction houses
should act in unison.

A memo that Tennant took on one April day in 1993, as a result of such a
discussion with Taubman, would later seem to the courts to be clear evidence of
collusion and would be instrumental in sending Taubman to jail.

Why Taubman should have participated in such a conversation, knowing that to
violate U.S.

antitrust laws on price-fixing was to commit a felony punishable by up to three
years in prison, remains a mystery.

However, by then Taubman's shopping malls empire was apparently in trouble, and
he may have needed to hold up Sotheby's share price to secure a massive debt.

Tennant's memo went to Davidge, with a note that ended: 'With a sliding scale
based on value, there should be no legal problem because you cannot pricefix a
unique object.' Nevertheless, he warned Davidge that the discussion should be
kept between four people: the two chairmen, Tennant and Taubman; and the two
chief executives, Davidge and DeDe Brooks.

Davidge had no intention of keeping his pledge. To ensure their complicity, he
consulted two of his colleagues, Lord Hindlip, chairman of Christie's UK, and
Christopher Burge, president of Christie's America (who claims no knowledge of
the price-fixing arrangements).

Seven months later, Brooks met Davidge at the Stafford Hotel in Mayfair.

They sparred cautiously and eventually came round to the subject of collusion.

'We're killing each other,' said Brooks, piously. 'We should find a way so we
get paid fairly for what we do, so we can provide a decent return to our
shareholders.' They met again in December that year to work through what their
chairmen had discussed.

By the end of 1994, the need to boost profits became pressing, after a worldwide
recession had led to abysmal results for both auction houses.

Davidge and Brooks worked out that if each house charged identical nonnegotiable
sellers' commissions, on a sliding scale from 10 per cent to 2 per cent for the
biggest estates, Christie's would gain up to Pounds 8.5 million profit a year
and Sotheby's up to Pounds 10 million.

Brooks rang Taubman to give him the news. Davidge took a Concorde flight for a
secret meeting outside the British Airlines terminal in New York to show Brooks
his press release, then flew back that morning, announcing he'd simply been to
the dentist.

In March, Christie's unanimously agreed the new payments - most people unaware
of the collusion and of the price-fixing, which even in Britain was a civil
offence.

Shortly after this, Davidge received a pay rise of 39 per cent and Tennant one
of 35 per cent.

WHEN the news of the new payment system came out, Brooks put on a display of
astonishment before suggesting that perhaps Sotheby's should do likewise.

Meanwhile, she and Davidge exchanged top- secret lists of clients who had
pre-existing deals and would therefore be unaffected by the pricing changes.

Hindlip was shocked that even individual deals were now being discussed with the
competition.

Davidge now ruled Christie's with a rod of iron. He came across as a distant,
dictatorial figure, a law unto himself. Meanwhile, on the other side of the
Atlantic, Brooks, too, was enjoying her power. She had her own Gulfstream jet in
which she could fly paintings out to Vegas or Palm Beach.

Leaving the experts in her wake, she gave estimates and handled negotiations;
she even presided - brilliantly as always - over the auction of jewellery from
the estate of Jackie Onassis.

The effects of price-fixing in what was virtually a duopoly of two auction
houses improved sales dramatically. And their two chief executives, masters of
the universe, were not resting on their laurels.

Davidge called Brooks in late 1995 to discuss the estates coming up in the
following spring. Davidge later claimed that it was an innocent effort to
establish mutual trust.

However, Tennant had noted in an idle moment: 'Maybe we shouldn't both chase the
same big stuff every time.' The first inkling of the disaster ahead arrived in
June 1996 in a polite letter from the Office of Fair Trading, announcing that
informal inquiries were being made into possible anti-competitive practices.

Brooks and Davidge shrugged them off, as Brooks did the following year with
allegations in a book and TV programme that Sotheby's had smuggled antiquities
from the Far East. She was 'outraged', she told journalists, that anyone would
use innuendo to 'put Sotheby's in a position where we are perceived as not
taking our integrity and ethical standards seriously'.

But the net was closing in.

Following a tip-off, John Greene, an antitrust prosecutor with the U.S.

Department of Justice, issued a subpoena to produce all documents since 1992
relating to communications between the two auction houses. At this point, Brooks
and Davidge agreed not to meet again.

'I didn't really trust him,' Brooks admitted later - but she did believe that
the secret was safe with Davidge, who she assumed had just as much to lose as
she did if he spilled the beans.

It was business as usual. Davidge moved into a 4,000 square foot penthouse in
New York's Park Avenue and charged Christie's the Pounds 18,500 monthly rent.
Lord Hindlip compered a charity auction of the Princess of Wales's dresses,
famously ushering Diana forward with a hand on her bottom.

Then came a change with farreaching consequences. A French plausible account of
their conversations in court told Mason: 'It's beastly for Al - I really do feel
very sorry for him.' It was all the fault of Davidge and Brooks, he declared.

'Why the hell would I want to do that sort of thing? And why would Al?'

The collusion 'was quite unnecessary - it's sort of naive'.

Once the two chief executives had confessed, they had 'obvious reasons for
pointing the finger at Al and me'.

billionaire investor, Francois Pinault (who already had controlling shares in
such concerns as Chteau Latour and Gucci), bought Christie's, and, in the battle
for who should run the firm, Davidge was ousted.

Hindlip convinced the Frenchman that under Davidge's increasingly kingly rule,
specialists were resigning and the U.S. operation was in chaos.

Meanwhile the antitrust investigation had suddenly taken on new life, with
revelations from Hindlip and another top Christie's executive that Davidge and
Brooks had apparently conspired together.

By this time Davidge had secured a letter from Christie's protecting his
contract in all circumstances.

He had kept a secret cache of documents he had collected on every aspect of the
collusion with Sotheby's, and he was ready to save Christie's skin if the firm
would honour its promise to make him a wealthy man.

Christie's knew that, under U.S.

law, the first auction house to reach the prosecutor's door with a confession
could avoid criminal prosecution and a massive federal fine.

It offered Davidge Pounds 5 million in severance pay, without strings.

Having thus protected himself, Davidge hung DeDe Brooks out to dry. His lawyers
handed over the cache of documents to the federal prosecutor.

Prosecutor John Greene knew that he could now press for a conviction.

Neither Tennant nor Davidge could be extradited from - or prosecuted in -
England, although they remained fugitives from U.S. justice. Not until November
2001 did Britain announce that it intended to institute criminal penalties for
price-fixing.

When the author of Lords And Liars finally caught up with Sir Anthony Tennant at
a lunch party, he found Christie's former chairman unapologetic.

The one man who might have saved Taubman by giving a As for his damning April 30
memo, Tennant really couldn't see what the fuss was about. It was a series of
notes all written at different times, he said.

'I would jot down what people told me. A lot of it is what I gleaned from other
people at Christie's.' Whether this languid selfjustification would have helped
Taubman's defence must remain a moot point, especially given the disclosure in
the trial that there had been 12 meetings between the two chairmen.

As it was, Taubman went to jail and Brooks was sentenced to three years'
probation, 1,000 hours of community service and a Pounds 200,000 fine.

The near Pounds 13 million made by Davidge, including his severance pay and a
vast pension from Christie's, was roughly equivalent to the amount lost by
Brooks, once she had paid Pounds 2 million to Sotheby's and forfeited millions
more in salary, stock options and bonuses.

Christie's and Sotheby's were both fined Pounds 145 million but today they are
prospering as though nothing happened. Taubman was perhaps led up the garden
path.

But when he said as much to a fellow jail inmate, the old lag burst out
laughing.

'Ask anyone here if they didn't do the crime,' he said. 'They're all totally
innocent! They were all framed!' LORDS And Liars: The Secret Story Of The
Christie's-Sotheby's Conspiracy by Christopher Mason is published by Gibson
Square at Pounds 15. To order a copy at Pounds 13 (P&P free), telephone 08700
748 494.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2005 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              825 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 July 15, 2002

Another Day, Another Scandal -- Bitter Fruit of a Free Market

BYLINE: Stephen Metcalf

SECTION: ARTS&ENTERTAINMENT; Book Review, Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1250 words




Buy, Lie, and Sell High: How Investors Lost Out on Enron and the Internet Bubble
, by D. Quinn Mills. Financial Times, Prentice Hall, 286 pages, $21.60.

How Companies Lie: Why Enron Is Just the Tip of the Iceberg, by A. Larry Elliott
and Richard J. Schroth. Crown, 200 pages, $18.95.


Scrubbed from the Astros' ballpark and the memory banks of the Cheney energy
task force, the name Enron is suddenly popping up on the cover of every new
business book. It's usually a last-minute addition. Neither How Companies Lie:
Why Enron Is Just the Tip Of the Iceberg nor Buy, Lie, and Sell High: How
Investors Lost Out on Enron and the Internet Bubble is really about Enron, per
se. They're about a culture of semi-sanctioned numbers-fudging, feather-bedding,
self-dealing and sketchy bookkeeping, all the Enron-style abuses now crowding
the business pages.

The scandal-shouting headlines should be telling us something, and both these
books confirm it: Forget individual acts of villainy; forget who set up what
dummy L.L.C. in the Caymans. Ask instead: What is the fate of those Cato
Institute buzzwords, "transparency"and"efficiency"? What about those hymns to
the glory of deregulation and the free market, the sing-along that shaped public
attitudes and public policy in the 90's? Was that only a sweetener for venality
and graft? In the aftermath of Enron (of Sunbeam, Waste Management, Tyco, Global
Crossing, WorldCom, Harken Energy), we confront a bitter irony: What if, instead
of freer markets, all the talk of Adam Smith and Friedrich von Hayek was
actually a smokescreen obscuring a Nomenklatura-style crime wave?

Your conservative pundit, terrified that shifting winds will expose the crony
capitalists clustered under the free-market banner, has decided, rather
perversely, to blame the public. "Everybody knew they were participating in a
bubble," The Wall Street Journal's Holman W. Jenkins Jr. wrote recently in Slate
-- a fair representative of the new strategy for coping with the rash of
corporate scandal. The media, Mr. Jenkins assures us, are resorting to
"off-the-shelf narrative devices and standard cliches of the 'evil businessmen
did this to us' variety. Of course, we're not criminalizing any office clerks or
... ordinary shareholders who also sold at the top, though thousands did."
According to this logic, we're all implicated, and we're punishing Ken Lay, Gary
Winnick, Mary Meeker, Martha Stewart et al. for our own sins.

How Companies Lie and Buy, Lie, and Sell High spare the public and heap the
blame squarely on corporate malefactors. Not unlike a late-90's I.P.O., each
book feels a little quick and dirty, as if it's been rushed to market to satisfy
fickle demand. (How Companies Lie is by far the worse offender: It seems to have
been dictated in real time rather than written and edited, and it's filled with
floating assertions and half-attributed anecdotes.) Nonetheless, together they
paint a portrait of corporate America that's like something out of Hieronymus
Bosch: Our traditional corporate watchdogs morphing into partners in crime, our
traditional financial stewards into predators. "In the modern world," writes D.
Quinn Mills, a professor at Harvard Business School, "a financial bubble is made
by professional players who take advantage of public excitement to realize
profit opportunities." And, of course, it's the small investor who gets screwed.

Saucy title aside, Buy, Lie, and Sell High is everything the boom-boom years
weren't: orderly, patient, sober and a bit boring. (Be warned: This is a book
whose lone blurb comes courtesy of Orrin Hatch.) Foursquare as it is, Professor
Mills' treatise drives right to the heart of the most pertinent question: Who
made money and who lost money on the $4 trillion round trip known as Nasdaq
5,000? The Internet bubble and the accounting scandals represent two rather
startling transfers of wealth: in the case of Enron and its brethren, from
shareholders to executive-level managers; in the case of the speculative bubble
in Internet shares, from small investors to the supply chain that dumped
increasingly flimsy public offerings onto the market.

As Professor Mills doggedly documents, nowhere in this supply chain did anything
resembling professional disinterest assert itself. V.C.'s forced entrepreneurs
to hurry fledgling companies to public markets long before they were ready, all
the while bullying them to overspend on mass marketing.Next,theinvestment
bankers -- after performing no real due diligence -- grossly underpriced the
I.P.O., the better to use the new issue in their own elaborate system of
favor-trading (which diverted money away from the entrepreneurs, giving it
instead to high-roller clients, who promptly flipped the rocketing new issue).
Finally, the banks supported the stock in the after-market with hype dressed up
as research, often selling them to the mutual funds, who were all too happy to
goose their own near-term results by providing mindless buy-side support.

Well, you may say, plus ca change. ("This vast, mysterious Wall Street world,"
wrote Edith Wharton almost a century ago, with its "'tips' and 'deals.'") But
hasn't the recent deification of "The Market" encouraged a swashbuckling, almost
robber-baron style among people who once might have taken pride in their upright
professionalism? Perhaps they were sold on the idea that greed promotes the
common good.

"It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we
expect our dinner," goes an Adam Smith quote that made the rounds in the 90's,
"but from their regard to their self-love, and never talk to them of our own
necessities but of their advantages." Self-interest is the public interest. No
wonder Adam Smith enjoyed such a vogue.

What passed unnoticed, though, was the precise way in which this bastardized
philosophy -- Adam Smith meets Gordon Gekko -- helped erode ethical probity in
the business world. Self-interest was elevated at the expense of the old ideal
of professional disinterest.

Professions, after all, are cartels. They distort the market by erecting
barriers to entry, by establishing elaborate -- and sometimes purely arbitrary
-- credentialing procedures. In exchange for years of hoop-jumping,
professionals regulate fees in a way that cannot be considered strictly
competitive. What's in it for the consumer? Protection: We allow this market
distortion because professions protect the layperson against the abuse of
expertise. (I may know something instinctively about the quality of my beer or
my pork loin that I cannot know about tracheotomies or "swaptions.") In theory,
professions regulate themselves by sanctioning or expelling predators.

They also encourage in the good professional a certain gentility regarding
money, an old-fashioned prudishness. Professionals aren't supposed to haggle;
they set standard fees, then bill you. They're allowed to be very well-off, but
not very rich. When the accounting firms went whole hog into consulting,
collecting fees that often ran into the tens of millions; when mutual-fund
managers became rock stars; when C.E.O.'s became fat-cat Messiahs -- that's when
we should have noticed that professional gentility had been tossed overboard.

So let's own up to it: Maybe greed is not so good after all.


Stephen Metcalf writes for Slate and reviews books regularly for The Observer.



LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2002 The New York Observer, L.P.


                              826 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 15, 2006 Wednesday

HILL FOE REGISTERS OFTEN, VOTES RARELY

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 381 words


ALBANY - Just-announced Republican Senate hopeful Kathleen McFarland has
repeatedly failed to vote in some elections and is registered at two addresses -
a possible violation of state law, The Post has found.

McFarland, a wealthy Park Avenue matron who announced last week that she'll seek
the GOP nomination to challenge Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, didn't vote in
nearly half of the state elections since 1991, records show.

She skipped six of the past 14 elections - starting from the time she registered
as a Republican in late 1991, Board of Election records for New York City and
Suffolk County show.

McFarland, a Reagan administration official in the early 1980s, has maintained
two voting addresses since 1996: at her posh Park Avenue home and at her
family's stunning second home on a small island near Southampton, according to
the records.

She pingponged her vote from Manhattan to Southampton in various years, casting
her ballot from the Ram Island address in 1998 and 1999, but voting from Park
Avenue in 2000 and 2001.

She skipped the 2002 and 2003 elections, and then it was back to voting in
Southampton in 2004, according to the records.

State law makes it a felony to be registered at two addresses during the same
election cycle, according to state Board of Elections spokesman Lee Daghlian.

"When you change the place you've been voting, a new registration has to be
filed, showing that you've changed your address," Daghlian said.

Her spokesman, William O'Reilly, said, "We don't know the circumstances around
the missed votes, but we will make no excuses for them."

McFarland's newly hired election lawyer, Josh Ehrlich of Albany, insisted there
was "no criminal intent, no venality here," but conceded the law does not allow
dual registrations.

"This is a case of the boards of elections not doing their jobs . . . She should
have been turned away," Ehrlich insisted.

Records at the two boards show McFarland registered as a Republican in Manhattan
in late 1991 and then registered again as a GOPer in Southampton in 1996.

State Republican Chairman Stephen Minarik said yesterday it would "probably make
more sense" for the GOP to give its nod to McFarland's opponent, ex-Yonkers
Mayor John Spencer.

Additional reporting by Frankie Edozien

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Seeing double: Republican Senate hopeful Kathleen McFarland is
registered to vote at two addresses: her Park Avenue home (right) and
Southampton.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday
                                   2 Edition

SECTION: POST; Pg. P2

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: GETTING GASSED


GETTING GASSED Some gas station attendants may be getting overly sensitive to
the price of a gallon of gas. Or they are just doing what the bosses at
corporate are telling them to do, which is "don't give gas prices over the
phone."

Our reporters gathering the latest gas prices for today's cover story were
calling stations all around town and simply asking "What's your price for
regular gas?" And when told it was a reporter calling, about half the time the
voices on the other end refused to give prices over the phone.

It's understandable.

As quickly as the cost of a gallon of gas changes these days, by the time a
caller hangs up and drives across town for the best quote, the price could go up
three cents. And yes, there are plenty of guys who will drive across town to
save three cents a gallon on gas.

Or, maybe prankster station attendants were quick enough to see an opportunity
to make harried reporters get off their duffs and drive around town getting gas
prices, which they did. --Don Dennis.

"FIORELLO!" FEISTY "The 1959 Pulitizer-winning musical "Fiorello!" is the
perfect antidote to much of today's precious self-absorbed-themed plays. Who
could imagine such a play being written today. No one would believe it.

"As a lawyer, on his way to congressman and mayor of New York City, (Fiorello
LaGuardia) is wildly popular and respected by his office staff as well as those
underdogs he endlessly helps.

"Compared to what has been seen in the intervening decades -- so many plays
about 'nothing' or 'feelings,' with plenty of references to drugs, sex, violence
and venality -- 'Fiorello!'s narrative is multilayered, complex, historical and
features what appears to be real persons -- not mere stereotypes of the
1914-1934 era.

"The value of a veteran successful American musical is the audience gets a taste
of the country in another time. In this case, it's a time when there was plenty
of big-city corruption, but still a belief that one man -- one virtuous man --
could change the city for the better.

"It's the sort of free-wheeling musical -- without a hint of vulgarity or
profanity -- that leaves the audience feeling good about holding onto ideals.
And that's something Americans can use right now." (The two-week run of
"Fiorello!" at Irvine Valley College ends with Saturday's 2 p.m. performance.)
--Submitted by Angela Rocco DeCarlo

WHERE IN THE WORLD? Take the Irvine World News/OC Post on your next trip and
when you get to a favorite spot, have someone take your party's photo with the
newspaper. Then, submit it to our "Where in the World" photo gallery online. We
will publish the photo in the paper as soon as we can. To find the gallery,
click on the "Where in the World" headline at ocregister.com/irvine.

Amanda Shay as Mitzi performs "Gentleman Jimmy" in "Fiorello." MIGUEL
VASCONCELLOS/STAFF

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 18, 2003 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

CULTURAL STUDIES;
Our Bodies, Our Silicon, Ourselves

BYLINE:   By GINIA BELLAFANTE

SECTION: Section 9; Column 1; Style Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1013 words


LAST winter, Tammy Guthrie, a 40-year-old mother of three from St. Petersburg,
Fla., took a brief leave of absence from her family to undergo some
self-improvement in Los Angeles. Five and a half weeks later, she returned,
reawakened, to her husband and her three children, all in elementary school.

"Throughout my marriage, I'd taken a passive role, thinking that was what my
husband wanted," Ms. Guthrie said. Now, three months after coming home, she
said: "I'm no longer afraid of his reactions. I'm not bothered if he doesn't
agree with me, and, surprisingly, I think he likes it."

Beyond the more balanced dynamic she achieved in her relationship, Ms. Guthrie
came home with a new commitment to community work. "Two of my children go to a
magnet school that is facing budget cuts, and the fact that I'm feeling more
confident has made me more comfortable and active about fund-raising," she said.

If you are curious to learn just how Ms. Guthrie managed to rebuild herself in
less time than is required to, say, grow a petunia, understand first that the
term "rebuild" is not being used metaphorically. Ms. Guthrie took a sabbatical
from her life to be included in a reality series on ABC called "Extreme
Makeover." Thanks to the network's largesse, her nose was narrowed, her eyes
lifted, her face and neck tightened and thus, one is made to understand, her
sense of self-appreciation restored.

During the four weeks it has been broadcast, "Extreme Makeover" has become ABC's
second-highest-rated program among adults under 50. Last week the network
announced that it had ordered 13 new episodes for the fall season. The show's
appeal lies in its fulfillment of the fantasy of radical and near-instant
personal transformation. Each week, two hardworking adults are given access to a
full gamut of cosmetic procedures aimed at correcting physical deformities or
flaws that have, in most instances, left these men and women psychologically
diminished for most of their lives. The spirit of vanity and venality
characterizing most reality shows is absent. Here the timid and vulnerable
reign.

And everyone, theoretically, goes home a winner. At the end of each show the
subjects invariably greet their post-operative selves in the mirror with the
same ecstatic expressions worn by women who won dishwashers 30 years ago on "The
Price Is Right."

The message -- that a surgeon's knife or a dose of collagen can alter much more
than a droopy neck or thin lips -- is not subtle. And predictably,
well-intentioned voices have expressed misgivings. Last week Dads & Daughters, a
group committed to bettering girls' lives, declared on its Web site that "
'Extreme Makeover' manipulates and spreads our culture's infectious obsession
with physical appearance, reinforcing corrosive (and often dangerous) attitudes
that contribute to child health problems."

As disheartening as it is uplifting, "Extreme Makeover" is a bittersweet rebuke
to principles cherished by most thinking, sensitive people: that what you look
like does not determine who you are; that personal growth can be achieved only
through meditation, therapy or other taxing avenues of introspection. In an
enlightened world, liposuction should not make you a more engaged participant in
human affairs.

But what if it does?

Interviews with a half-dozen participants of the show several months after they
recovered from surgery suggest that the dramatic changes in appearance did
ignite changes in their feelings of self-worth.

Speaking three months after having her ears pinned back and her tummy tucked --
among other things -- courtesy of "Extreme Makeover," Melissa Jones, who is 28
and a mother, said that previously, there had been only one day in her entire
life when she had not felt ugly, the day she married her second husband. "I'd go
to a party and be screaming inside," Ms. Jones said.

As she had hoped, life now is in many ways easier. She runs a jewelry business
and feels comfortable enough to sell her wares at parties rather than quietly,
over the Internet. She also says she is less acquiescent with friends. As a
result, though, she has lost one of them, who "didn't like that I was setting
goals and achieving them," Ms. Jones said. "She said I'd changed and that she
didn't like the new person."

The results of plastic surgery are not experienced alone. Stephanie Woodside,
24, a single mother and former insurance agent from Omaha returned home to a
rocky welcome after her nose job, breast enhancement and liposuction. "Right
when I got back, my boyfriend stepped away a bit," Ms. Woodside said. "He
thought I was beautiful and that I'd leave him."

If the emotional impact of these procedures seems like the stuff of
infomercials, it is because the patients on the show are of a certain breed.
"The people are in very particular circumstances of having felt inadequate since
childhood," said Virginia L. Blum, author of the forthcoming "Flesh Wounds: The
Culture of Cosmetic Surgery." "That's different from someone who's just had a
bad day or month or year."

Kine Corder, a 29-year-old barber, suffered with a deformed lip since birth and
after lip reduction, a breast lift and liposuction, said she felt reborn. "My
4-year-old niece is in love with me now," Ms. Corder added. "She doesn't know I
had surgery; she can't attach to that part of it, but she'll call me now when
she's getting dressed for school and she'll say, 'I put on this dress and now I
look pretty like you.' "

A skeptic would ask just how long such feelings of self-worth might be
sustained, given their impetus. Sander L. Gilman, the author of "Making the Body
Beautiful: A Cultural History of Aesthetic Surgery" and a professor of medicine
at the University of Illinois at Chicago, wrote in an e-mail message that after
surgery, "the initial radical sense of improvement is reduced to acceptance and
then a further awareness of flaws." Many people, therefore, undergo more
surgery.

But Dr. Gilman suggests that there should be no rush to judgment. "What else,"
he asked, "can we buy that would give us three years of pleasure?"

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 1, 2003



CORRECTION: A headline on May 18 about people who have had multiple plastic
surgery procedures misspelled the name of a substance used for breast implants.
It is silicone, not silicon.

GRAPHIC: Photos: NEW ACTS -- Kine Corder, left, and Stephanie Woodside, below
left, before and after surgery for "Extreme Makeover" on ABC. Ms. Corder, with
her friend James Tate at a bar in Chicago, right, said, "My 4-year-old niece is
in love with me now." Ms. Woodside, below with her daughter and her boyfriend's
son, said her boyfriend worried that after the surgery, she would leave him.
(Photographs by Craig Sjodin/ABC); (Peter Thompson for The New York Times);
(Jeff Bundy for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              829 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Variety

                           March 13, 2002, Wednesday

The Crucible

BYLINE: CHARLES ISHERWOOD

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1552 words


(Virginia Theater, New York city;1,261 seats; $ 85 top)

A David Richenthal, Manocherian/Leve/Boyett, Max Cooper, Allan S. Gordon, Roy
Furman, Us Prods., Elan V. McAllister, Adam Epstein and Margo Lion presentation,
in association with Dede Harris/Mort Swinsky, Clear Channel Entertainment, Old
Ivy Prods., Jujamcyn Theaters, Jeffrey Ash, Berinstein/Selig, Golden/Skipper,
Gene Korf and Robert Cole, by special arrangement with the Roundabout Theater
Co., of a play by Arthur Miller in two acts. Directed by Richard Eyre. Sets and
costumes, Tim Hatley; lighting, Paul Gallo; sound, Scott Myers; music, David Van
Tieghem; production stage manager, Susie Cordon. Opened March 7, 2002. Reviewed
March 5. Running time: 2 HOURS, 50 MIN.

Reverend

Parris .... Christopher Evan Welch

Betty Parris .... Betsy Hogg

Tituba .... Patrice Johnson

Abigail Williams .... Angela Bettis

Susanna Walcott .... Kristen Bell

Mrs. Ann Putnam .... Jeanne Paulsen

Thomas Putnam .... Paul O'Brien

Mercy Lewis .... Sevrin Anne Mason

Mary Warren .... Jennifer Carpenter

John Proctor .... Liam Neeson

Rebecca Nurse .... Helen Stenborg

Giles Corey .... Tom Aldredge

Reverend

John Hale .... John Benjamin Hickey

Elizabeth Proctor .... Laura Linney

Francis Nurse .... Frank Raiter

Ezekiel Cheever .... Henry Stram

Marshal Herrick .... Jack Willis

Hopkins .... Stephen Lee Anderson

Judge Hathorne .... J.R. Horne

Voice of Martha Corey/

Sarah Goode .... Dale Soules

Deputy

Governor Danforth.... Brian Murray

Girl

in Courtroom .... Laura Breckenridge

It's fire and brimstone time at the Virginia Theater, where Richard Eyre's dark,
stark and moralistic production of "The Crucible" is thundering across the stage
nightly. It could be argued that another layer of moralism is precisely what
Arthur Miller's 1952 play about the Salem witch trials doesn't need, but Eyre's
production has an earnest integrity to the text that firmly accentuates the
play's powerful aspects, even if it fails to elide problematic ones. The
production is anchored by admirable performances in roles large and small, in
particular a faultless, emotionally fertile one from Liam Neeson as John
Proctor, the honorable farmer whose life is destroyed by the forces of hysteria
and venality clothed as righteousness.

Tim Hatley's massive wooden sets create a brooding, ominous atmosphere. They
rise to the considerable height of the Virginia Theater proscenium and turn the
large stage into spaces alternately isolating and claustrophobic; the only
glimpse of nature is a sliver of bucolic New England countryside seen briefly
through the open door of Proctor's farmhouse. Paul Gallo's lighting slashes
across the stage with an unyielding forcefulness akin to the portentous
clangings of Scott Myers' sound design. This is not a place, in short, in which
you expect to find the angels of justice and mercy gamboling merrily about.

The blueprint for Eyre's approach is to be found in Miller's play, a long,
strongly voiced indictment of human corruptibility and the dangers of falling in
line behind leaders who prefer convenient orthodoxies to the more complicated
truth. Miller was writing with a fervent point to make in 1953, when the Red
Scare was gaining dangerous momentum. He was trying to shake his audiences into
an awareness of the gathering storm and its threat to the rights of the
individual enshrined in the Constitution.

Almost half a century later, that context is history, and yet the polemical
fierceness of the writing remains embedded in the text, which unfolds with such
heat, it often plays like a melodrama with social and political overtones. The
strict delineation of guilt and innocence in the primary characters leaves
little room for nuance, for example, with the noble Proctor (adultery
notwithstanding) and his good wife allied with a couple of ornery townsfolk
against the forces of self-righteousness serving self-interest.

Miller was certainly an intelligent analyst of the ways in which ignorance, fear
and envy can be dressed up in the clothes of piety and thereby given moral
authority and worldly power. And watching this process taking place can be a
harrowing experience, as it often is in this terrifically acted production,
which boasts a cast that manages to outnumber the parade of above-the-title
producers.

But the triumph of unalloyed evil over unalloyed good is not a spectacle that
can be comfortably stretched over three hours of drama and still retain its
fascination. Eventually, exhaustion sets in: This may be history in all its
ugliness, but that does not make it perfect theater. The vehemence of Miller's
writing eventually saps some of its dramatic effectiveness.

This is by no means due to a lack of conviction or skill on the part of the
evening's performers. In his thoughtful performance as Proctor, the effortlessly
charismatic Neeson subtly delineates a man's moral evolution, as Proctor moves
from casual scorn for the proceedings to outrage to soul-stricken despair as his
attempts to fight for justice are systematically denied and then used against
him. The play's last scene, in which Proctor signs and then renounces his
confession, is extraordinarily moving, as we watch a beaten and bewildered many
first forfeit and then regain his moral bearings. Perhaps the finest aspect of
Neeson's performance is its admirable restraint: He never insists on Proctor's
nobility, even when Miller hands him the material for that kind of
grandstanding; he accentuates instead the man's bewildered, increasingly
desperate attempts to avoid his martyrdom. Laura Linney gives a likewise
restrained but deeply felt performance as Elizabeth, whose integrity is
inextricably and tragically linked to strict control of her emotions.

Among the smaller roles, the Tituba of Patrice Johnson makes a searing
impression in the play's first scene, when this powerless servant is forced to
fabricate fantastical tales of trafficking with the devil to save her skin.
Angela Bettis has a furtive, scary self-possession as Abigail Williams, the
comely young woman who points the finger of demonic frolicking at Elizabeth out
of sexual jealousy. As the Proctors' servant Mary Warren, Jennifer Carpenter
touchingly illustrates how a shallow but essentially good girl's heart can be
manipulated in the service of destruction by a stronger one.

The scene in which Mary tries to recant her testimony and is cowed when her
former cohorts turn their accusations against her is creepy and powerful --- but
it is also a bit exasperating. Miller's play is a troublesome one for
contemporary audiences, who can sometimes be heard snorting at the gullibility
--- or the outright mendacity --- of the authorities rendering judgment in these
trials (does no one get suspicious when Abigail's itchy finger of accusation
falls on her latest accuser?).

These include Deputy Governor Danforth, played by Brian Murray, and the Reverend
Parris, played by Christopher Evan Welch. Murray's Danforth is such a flagrantly
unctuous hypocrite that some of his more high-handed protestations --- "The pure
in heart need no lawyer," for instance --- are greeted with guffaws. An actor of
firm gravity might have made Danforth into a figure of more ambiguity: a deluded
man but one driven by real convictions. And Welch's Parris, credibly a man on
the verge of hysteria in the play's opening scene, has almost resorted to
mustache-twirling by the time of the trials.

Casting that went against the poisonous grain of these characters might have
rectified some of the problem (and it might have been wise to clothe Danforth in
something other than a veritable witch's cape and hat in the last scene), but
really the fault is in the structure of the play, which rubs our noses in the
uprightness of Proctor and the nefariousness of his accusers to such a degree
that at times the proceedings lose the power to move, anger and terrify us and
instead merely begin to irritate. (John Benjamin Hickey gives a solid
performance as the Reverend Hale, the only figure to move from black to white,
but the character is written rather patly.)

That's a painful deficiency, because certainly the lessons of the play are still
relevant --- indeed ever-relevant. The uproar surrounding Bill Maher's comments
relating to the terrorist attacks, for example, instantly springs to mind as we
watch Proctor and his allies being punished for daring to question the authority
of the tribunal, or voicing their disbelief in the existence of witches. And
references to "the voice of heaven speaking through the children" can't help but
remind you of the dismayingly similar hysteria surrounding the supposed epidemic
of Satanic child abuse several years back, which destroyed the lives of many
teachers and caretakers.

But theater is always in danger of forsaking the power to affect us deeply when
we can neatly transcribe the points being made, even if they fuel lively
post-theater discussion. This production honors both the letter and the spirit
of Miller's text --- notwithstanding a misguided calamitous final coup de
theatre --- but there's a prickly irony in the result: A play about the dangers
of hysteria that feeds on doctrinaire religion feels uncomfortably like a very
long, very eloquent sermon.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 Reed Elsevier Inc.


                              830 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 16, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Ken Kesey's Alaskan Babylon

Kurt Tidmore

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X5

LENGTH: 823 words


SAILOR SONG By Ken Kesey Viking. 533 pp. $ 23.50

EXACTLY 30 years ago Ken Kesey's first novel, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest,
appeared in print, a brilliant book later turned into a brilliant movie. Two
years later he followed it up with Sometimes a Great Notion, a very fine saga.
By this time he was a widely revered figure, not only for his writing but also
as the leader of America's most famous band of traveling hippies, the Merry
Pranksters. As such he became the protagonist of Tom Wolfe's The Electric
Kool-Aid Acid Test. Then he retired from public view, living on a farm in
Oregon, protected from his admirers by a NO TRESPASSING sign, the Northwest's
version of a J.D. Salinger-style recluse. In the late '80s he began to write
again, producing, among other things, Kesey's Garage Sale, Demon Box and The
Further Inquiry, which seemed to attract decreasing amounts of attention. There
will be a lot of people who genuinely care for Kesey's work who will hope that
this latest book, Sailor Song, attracts even less.

Sailor Song is set in the early part of the 21st century, when the greenhouse
effect has turned the world's temperate zones into outdoor saunas. But far north
of all this, in the small Alaskan fishing village of Kuinak, life is relatively
undisturbed. Then one day a gigantic yacht sails into the harbor carrying a
famous Hollywood director, a full production crew, and the bastard albino son of
one of Kuinak's most prominent citizens. They have come to make a movie based on
a series of fake-Eskimo children's stories, and they say they have come to make
everyone in town rich. There is also the distinct possibility that at least one
of them has come for revenge.

The book is meant to be a dark comedy, and if Kesey had taken it seriously it
might have worked out that way, but it doesn't. Every page has a rushed feeling
about it -- not the roller-coaster rush of Charlie Chaplin trying to keep up on
the production line, or the Keystone Kops in a chase, but the panicky rush of a
stand-up comic hearing his jokes fall flat and trying to make up for it by
saying anything that comes to mind and grinning a lot. Characters and situations
are thrown at us endlessly, like "laugh" lines in a television sitcom, and with
as little meaning. Kesey seems to want to show us the transparent venality of
Hollywood, as if this were something of which we might not be aware; but all he
manages is 500 pages of writing that is so ill-at-ease on the page that it seems
on the verge of converting itself into a bad television mini-series and then
being canceled for lack of interest before we can put it down.

The characters are sketched in the vaguest, most two-dimensional ways, and then
made to do things that are either implausible or just pointless. For instance,
here is Kesey's description of one of the principal female characters, an Eskimo
girl who has been drafted to star in the movie: "Her skin was polished, pliant,
translucent amber -- you could see right down into it. The untamed bloom of hair
framing her face looked like the rich fur from some rare animal, a black wolf,
perhaps. Her smile was just as wolfy and wild. It could devour a heart in one
gulp."

And how does this airbrushed cardboard cut-out act? Try this: "She turned toward
him, the motion . . . graceful and profound. Her face swung up to him, her eyes
to his eyes. And Leonard saw they were gemstone brown, as brown as cut garnet
and wonderfully mysterious. Then across this exotic brown he saw flow another,
more familiar brown, the scum brown of Southern California, the brown of the
Orange County sky oozing through the scummy palm trees, staining the patio
tiles, the succulents, the knuckles and neck of the pool maintenance man
scumming the pool . . ." and on and on and on in images which seem to have come
completely unmoored from any discernible meaning. EVEN IN science fiction, even
in magical realism, even in pure fantasy and fairy tales the characters must at
least seem to share the same emotions and occupy the same universe as the
reader. But in Sailor Song the only thing they seem to share with us is an
approximation of the same language. But only an approximation, because several
of them speak in dialects which would be derisively laughed off the set of the
cheesiest soap opera ever made, dialects that are not only inaccurate but manage
to also be condescending.

The key thought that recurs as one reads this book is, "What has happened to
Kesey? Can he no longer write, or does he simply not care?" And the enigma is
that he can still write, because in the middle of all this baloney is the fake
Eskimo tale on which the movie is being based, 35 pages of fine, lucid writing.
It is as if Kesey had suddenly come awake for a few moments and remembered not
only why people write, but why they read. And then promptly forgot again.?

Kurt Tidmore is the author of the novel "Bigger 'n Dallas."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, RUSSELL FARRELL

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              831 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

A spy ring's mediocrity exposes Russia's decadence;
By all accounts, none of the spooks did much. That Moscow maintained them
illustrates its long decline, says Alvaro Vargas Llosa

BYLINE: ALVARO VARGAS LLOSA

SECTION: COMMENT; THE GORBACHEV FACTOR; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 791 words


Some of the commentary on the Russian agents arrested last month by the FBI and
deported in a spy swap last week has centred on the fact that Moscow was spying
on the United States while Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev
celebrated their nuclear and diplomatic partnership at Ray's Hell Burger, or on
the evolving focus of Russia's intelligence services. But all of this misses the
real point: how much the mediocrity of the spy ring reveals about the decadence
of present-day Russia.

It's not surprising that Russia spies on the U.S. while co-operation occurs in
many areas - the nuclear deal, the sanctions against Iran, the suspension of the
anti-missile shield in Central Europe. All states spy, and friends spy on each
other, too - even Israeli agents have been caught in the United States.

Equally unsurprising is that Moscow should pursue non-military and non-political
targets. Industrial espionage by Russia is as old as Lenin. Commercial and
technological intelligence may have become a top priority since the Berlin Wall
fell, but it was also a key part of the information-gathering apparatus of the
Communists. One of the missions of Markus Wolf's Stasi, East Germany's notorious
intelligence service, was to steal industrial secrets from West Germany, as he
explains in his memoirs.

The problem with the latest bunch of moles was not that they placed pictures on
Facebook (Anna Chapman), were futurist technology geeks ("Donald Heathfield"),
were travel agents (Mikhail Semenko), were barbecue-grilling suburbanites
("Richard" and "Cynthia Murphy") or penned leftist columns in New York's El
Diario La Prensa (Vicky Pelaez). Actually, these seem like pretty good covers.
Yet, by all accounts, none of the spies really did much besides what it looked
like they were doing. Apparently, they milked Russia's budget for nothing, a
delicious irony if one thinks of Russia's pervasive venality: Transparency
International places the country on a par with Zimbabwe in its Corruption
Perceptions Index.

Everything about the spies was comically passé, including the technology - bags
exchanged in train stations, shortwave radio, invisible ink. It all invites the
question: Why did the FBI expose them before they were able to do anything
substantive for their paymasters? The fact that Washington exchanged the 10 for
four Russians accused of spying for the West suggests these amateur spooks are
simply bargaining chips - or meant to send the message that not even amateur
spooks will be tolerated on U.S. soil.

That Moscow should have maintained them conveys how dysfunctional the Russian
state has become. These pathetic agents confirm the gulf between the neo-czarist
illusions of grandeur and the reality of a country surpassed in economic and
technological achievement by many Asian competitors. What kind of bureaucrat
allows an agent of Russian origin who speaks Spanish with a thick Slavic accent
to claim he is Uruguayan, as "Juan Lazaro," one of the men arrested by the FBI,
routinely did in the U.S.?

In his book China's Second Revolution, Eugenio Bregolat, a former Spanish
ambassador in Beijing and Moscow, compared China's successful reform process
since 1978 with the decadent sequence of events that began with Mikhail
Gorbachev's perestroika and glasnost and ended with Vladimir Putin's emergence
in Russia. For him, the key lies in the quality of the Communist leadership.

Whereas China's Deng Xiaoping had a clear vision of a midterm path to a market
economy that postponed political liberation to the distant future and possessed
the skills to defeat his opponents within the state, Mr. Gorbachev never wanted
to dismantle the system and was clueless in his efforts to suppress dissent, as
his defeat at the hands of Boris Yeltsin during an attempted coup by Communist
retrogrades ultimately proved. As for Mr. Yeltsin, he had an intuition about a
democratic, capitalistic Russia but no understanding of the institutional
underpinnings of a market democracy. Mr. Putin was the result.

One may differ with part of this analysis, but there is some truth in the idea
that present-day Russia stemmed from the failure of a reform process that
started with Mr. Gorbachev and never found its bearings.

In a recent article in Spain's ABC newspaper, Alberto Sotillo said "the USSR was
a very shoddy and sloppy place ... but the things they did right - they really
did right." Soviet espionage was indeed able to penetrate powerful circles in
the United States, including placing a network of agents in various departments
of the U.S. government. It is as yet unclear whether Mr. Putin and company can
get anything right.

Alvaro Vargas Llosa is a senior fellow at the Independent Institute in
Washington.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 13, 2003, Wednesday

BUST DAD, KIN IN FIRE AND FRAUD

BYLINE: By JOHN MARZULLI and BILL HUTCHINSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 355 words

A greedy Brooklyn man and his three sons tried to bribe a fire marshal after an
arson blaze at their warehouse, prosecutors charged yesterday.

Victor Jacobs, 71, of Williamsburg, and his children also fleeced banks and
company stockholders of $170 million by lying about profits and grossly
inflating the inventory of their drugstore supply business, said Brooklyn U.S.
Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf.

One son, Aaron Jacobs, and an associate allegedly offered a $100,000 bribe to a
fire marshal to say an arson blaze that destroyed their company's Bushwick
warehouse and injured three firefighters Sept. 25 was an accident.

"This fire was a brazen blaze, fueled by greed in an audacious attempt to cover
up the defendants' massive corporate fraud and cash in on a $100 million
insurance policy," Mauskopf said.

But the fire marshal they approached secretly taped the bribe offer, Mauskopf
said.

Victor Jacobs is the founder of Allou Healthcare of Brentwood, L.I., a company
that supplied pharmaceuticals and beauty supplies to drug store chains. His
company traded on the American Stock Exchange, with 6 million shares of stock
held by the public.

"There's not a household in the community that doesn't know that family," said
Williamsburg activist Isaac Abraham, who described Victor Jacobs as a pillar of
the Hasidic community.

But now he faces life in prison if convicted of committing massive corporate
fraud, even as his company plunged into bankruptcy.

Deception cited

Prosecutors said Jacobs and his sons - Herman, 43, Jacob, 40, and Aaron, 39 -
lied about their company's profits and inflated inventory to deceive
stockholders and bilk banks of multimillion-dollar loans.

When the loans came due, the Brooklyn warehouse at 80 Evergreen Ave. near Noll
St. went up in flames, Mauskopf said.

"They have hit for the cycle of corporate fraud," she said of Jacobs, his sons
and four other business associates charged yesterday.

She said the defendants pocketed $15 million last year alone "with schemes whose
venality, corruption and willful disregard for public safety staggers the
imagination."


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              833 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 17, 1998 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GOOD CITIZENSHIP HEARST FOR MAYOR, 1905

BYLINE: By JAY MAEDER Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1158 words


MANY WERE those who felt in 1901 that William Randolph Hearst's scabrous New
York Journal was directly responsible for the murder of President William
McKinley for one thing, there had been a famous editorial that openly called
upon McKinley to die and suddenly Hearst was a much-despised and distrusted man,
denounced as a scoundrel, hanged in effigy. Mildly abashed, Hearst got on with
things nevertheless. There was work to do. He had decided to be President
himself.

To be sure, there would, for appearances' sake, have to be a couple of
preliminary stops on the road to the White House. One of these was Congress,
election to which he won in 1902, although, what with one thing and another, his
candidacy killed 18 more people.

Another, as things turned out, was the mayorship of New York City. And in
November 1905, quite astonishingly, he apparently won that as well, snatching
the race from the grim sachems of Tammany Hall and genuinely winning the thing.
He really would have been mayor of the town. Were it not for the thousands of
ballots that went straight into the river.

WILLIE HEARST had exhibited no particular political aspirations when, in 1895,
he left his thriving San Francisco Examiner to his lieutenants and came East. In
those days it had been only the lovely prospect of commanding a New York paper
that seemed to amuse the young millionaire. The Times was for sale, but not to
him, and James Gordon Bennett's Herald wasn't available either (asked his price,
Bennett wired back: HERALD THREE CENTS DAILY, FIVE CENTS SUNDAY), and Hearst had
to settle for a gasping rag called the Journal & Advertiser. Which, by century's
end, via bluster and showmanship and a brilliantly unerring grasp of the baser
popular tastes, Hearst had made over into the city's largest and most
influential sheet.

Aside from starting the Spanish-American War all by himself, Hearst was also
hell on banks and railroads, and in the public-spirited glow of his many
journalistic triumphs he had in 1900 been persuaded to let his name be floated
as a Democratic vice presidential prospect. This had come to nothing. But he had
liked the taste of it.

A problem besetting his newfound political ambitions was that he had railed for
years against the boundless venalities of Tammany Hall, the city's all-powerful
Democratic organization. Hearst was not an impractical soul. In 1902,
determining as a practical matter that perhaps it was not such a repellent thing
to be a Tammany Democrat after all, he cut a deal with Boss Croker's newly
installed successor, Silent Charlie Murphy, and graciously accepted nomination
by the good people of Manhattan's 11th Ward to serve them in the United States
House of Representatives.

His subsequent election was a foregone conclusion this was, after all, the 11th
Ward and on Nov. 4 he rented most of Madison Square for a gala celebration. It
was an unfortunate night. There were improperly stored fireworks. There were
three mighty explosions. Twelve citizens died on the spot and six more succumbed
later. Hearst would be settling damage claims for decades to come. On the other
hand, he was on his way to Washington.

BUT IF CONGRESSMAN Hearst was perhaps not the most attentive congressman that
Washington had ever seen, it remained the case that he owned influential
newspapers not only in New York and San Francisco but also by now in Chicago and
Boston and Los Angeles, and his several minor public initiatives were so warmly
reported by these organs that in the summer of 1904 he almost won the Democratic
presidential nomination.

By now obsessed with the presidency, Hearst looked toward a strong 1908 run.
There were two useful stepping stone offices he might seek at this point. One
was the New York State governorship, but that wasn't available until 1906.
Meanwhile, New York Mayor George McClellan would be standing for reelection.

Mayor McClellan, however, remained in Tammany's good graces, and Boss Murphy was
not inclined to remove him. So rebuffed, Hearst in 1905 formed his own party,
the Tammany-savaging Municipal Owners' League, and in October he consented to
run as its mayoral candidate.

This was a big laugh, so Tammany thought at first. But Hearst had deep pockets,
and his noisy campaign bowled the city over. Quite improbably, he overnight
became a good-government reform hero, promising to imprison Murphy, pledging
city ownership of the streetcars and utilities. Thousands of workingmen turned
out to cheer him at every appearance, chant the strange campaign song ("Hoist!
Hoist! He is not the woist!") and literally lift him to their shoulders. Murphy
was horrified. Hearst's marginal third party was conceivably about to demolish
the Tammany slate.

ALL THROUGH Election Day, gangs of goons stormed polling places across the city,
beat up poll workers, wrecked ballot boxes. "It looks close," someone suggested
to Murphy at the Tammany wigwam at 9 p.m. "I don't care," Murphy shrugged. "We
win." The final tally gave Hearst 225,000 votes to McClellan's 228,000. Few
doubted that Hearst had had at least 50,000 votes quite baldly stolen from him.

A court ordered police to deliver 6,000 ballot boxes to the Bureau of Elections
for a recount, but Tammany's elections commissioner refused to accept them. They
sat on the sidewalks, seals broken, ballots flying in the breeze. Tammany,
meanwhile, printed up thousands of new ballots and threw them to McClellan. The
whole town was dumbstruck by the naked thievery. For the first and last time,
even Hearst's publishing rivals rose up to champion the rights of their odious
colleague.

"We do not suppose that anybody in the city of New York, George B. McClellan
himself included, thinks that McClellan was elected Mayor on Tuesday," snapped
the Press.

"There is a very deep-seated feeling in this town that Tuesday's election was
not immaculate," agreed the Sun.

"Mr. Hearst is fairly within his rights when he decides to make a contest," said
the Tribune.

"If William Randolph Hearst received in Tuesday's election one single vote more
than McClellan," said even Hearst's arch-competitor The World, doubtless choking
on its own words, "then Mr. Hearst should be seated. It is not in question now
who is best suited for the Mayor's duty."

In the wake of the blatantly crooked election, there were many arrests and
prosecutions, and ultimately the election laws were reformed. But, for now, in
the New York City of 1905, McClellan remained mayor and Silent Charlie Murphy
remained boss.

Again Hearst got past things. There was nothing to do now but go after the
governorship. Warily he and Murphy regarded each other once more, and warily
they resumed the courtship rituals that would bind them together for years yet.

HEARST WAS NOT elected governor in 1906 or President in 1908, but he remained a
formidable Democratic Party power broker into the 1920s, and he outlived Charles
Murphy by 27 years.

Notes: BIG TOWN BIG TIME A NEW YORK EPIC: 1898-1998 Chapter 21

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: BIG TOWN BIG TIME A NEW YORK EPIC: 1898-1998 Chapter 21

GRAPHIC: CORBIS-BETTMAN [William Randolph Hearst]

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              834 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 17, 1998, Tuesday

GOOD CITIZENSHIP
HEARST FOR MAYOR, 1905

BYLINE: By JAY MAEDER Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: News; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1171 words


MANY WERE those who felt in 1901 that William Randolph Hearst's scabrous New
York Journal was directly responsible for the murder of President William
McKinley for one thing, there had been a famous editorial that openly called
upon McKinley to die and suddenly Hearst was a much-despised and distrusted man,
denounced as a scoundrel, hanged in effigy. Mildly abashed, Hearst got on with
things nevertheless. There was work to do. He had decided to be President
himself.

To be sure, there would, for appearances' sake, have to be a couple of
preliminary stops on the road to the White House. One of these was Congress,
election to which he won in 1902, although, what with one thing and another, his
candidacy killed 18 more people.

Another, as things turned out, was the mayorship of New York City. And in
November 1905, quite astonishingly, he apparently won that as well, snatching
the race from the grim sachems of Tammany Hall and genuinely winning the thing.
He really would have been mayor of the town. Were it not for the thousands of
ballots that went straight into the river.

WILLIE HEARST had exhibited no particular political aspirations when, in 1895,
he left his thriving San Francisco Examiner to his lieutenants and came East. In
those days it had been only the lovely prospect of commanding a New York paper
that seemed to amuse the young millionaire. The Times was for sale, but not to
him, and James Gordon Bennett's Herald wasn't available either (asked his price,
Bennett wired back: HERALD THREE CENTS DAILY, FIVE CENTS SUNDAY), and Hearst had
to settle for a gasping rag called the Journal & Advertiser. Which, by century's
end, via bluster and showmanship and a brilliantly unerring grasp of the baser
popular tastes, Hearst had made over into the city's largest and most
influential sheet.

Aside from starting the Spanish-American War all by himself, Hearst was also
hell on banks and railroads, and in the public-spirited glow of his many
journalistic triumphs he had in 1900 been persuaded to let his name be floated
as a Democratic vice presidential prospect. This had come to nothing. But he had
liked the taste of it.

A problem besetting his newfound political ambitions was that he had railed for
years against the boundless venalities of Tammany Hall, the city's all-powerful
Democratic organization. Hearst was not an impractical soul. In 1902,
determining as a practical matter that perhaps it was not such a repellent thing
to be a Tammany Democrat after all, he cut a deal with Boss Croker's newly
installed successor, Silent Charlie Murphy, and graciously accepted nomination
by the good people of Manhattan's 11th Ward to serve them in the United States
House of Representatives.

His subsequent election was a foregone conclusion this was, after all, the 11th
Ward and on Nov. 4 he rented most of Madison Square for a gala celebration. It
was an unfortunate night. There were improperly stored fireworks. There were
three mighty explosions. Twelve citizens died on the spot and six more succumbed
later. Hearst would be settling damage claims for decades to come. On the other
hand, he was on his way to Washington.

BUT IF CONGRESSMAN Hearst was perhaps not the most attentive congressman that
Washington had ever seen, it remained the case that he owned influential
newspapers not only in New York and San Francisco but also by now in Chicago and
Boston and Los Angeles, and his several minor public initiatives were so warmly
reported by these organs that in the summer of 1904 he almost won the Democratic
presidential nomination.

By now obsessed with the presidency, Hearst looked toward a strong 1908 run.
There were two useful stepping stone offices he might seek at this point. One
was the New York State governorship, but that wasn't available until 1906.
Meanwhile, New York Mayor George McClellan would be standing for reelection.

Mayor McClellan, however, remained in Tammany's good graces, and Boss Murphy was
not inclined to remove him. So rebuffed, Hearst in 1905 formed his own party,
the Tammany-savaging Municipal Owners' League, and in October he consented to
run as its mayoral candidate.

This was a big laugh, so Tammany thought at first. But Hearst had deep pockets,
and his noisy campaign bowled the city over. Quite improbably, he overnight
became a good-government reform hero, promising to imprison Murphy, pledging
city ownership of the streetcars and utilities. Thousands of workingmen turned
out to cheer him at every appearance, chant the strange campaign song ("Hoist!
Hoist! He is not the woist!") and literally lift him to their shoulders. Murphy
was horrified. Hearst's marginal third party was conceivably about to demolish
the Tammany slate.

ALL THROUGH Election Day, gangs of goons stormed polling places across the city,
beat up poll workers, wrecked ballot boxes. "It looks close," someone suggested
to Murphy at the Tammany wigwam at 9 p.m. "I don't care," Murphy shrugged. "We
win." The final tally gave Hearst 225,000 votes to McClellan's 228,000. Few
doubted that Hearst had had at least 50,000 votes quite baldly stolen from him.

A court ordered police to deliver 6,000 ballot boxes to the Bureau of Elections
for a recount, but Tammany's elections commissioner refused to accept them. They
sat on the sidewalks, seals broken, ballots flying in the breeze. Tammany,
meanwhile, printed up thousands of new ballots and threw them to McClellan. The
whole town was dumbstruck by the naked thievery. For the first and last time,
even Hearst's publishing rivals rose up to champion the rights of their odious
colleague.

"We do not suppose that anybody in the city of New York, George B. McClellan
himself included, thinks that McClellan was elected Mayor on Tuesday," snapped
the Press.

"There is a very deep-seated feeling in this town that Tuesday's election was
not immaculate," agreed the Sun.

"Mr. Hearst is fairly within his rights when he decides to make a contest," said
the Tribune.

"If William Randolph Hearst received in Tuesday's election one single vote more
than McClellan," said even Hearst's arch-competitor The World, doubtless choking
on its own words, "then Mr. Hearst should be seated. It is not in question now
who is best suited for the Mayor's duty."

In the wake of the blatantly crooked election, there were many arrests and
prosecutions, and ultimately the election laws were reformed. But, for now, in
the New York City of 1905, McClellan remained mayor and Silent Charlie Murphy
remained boss.

Again Hearst got past things. There was nothing to do now but go after the
governorship. Warily he and Murphy regarded each other once more, and warily
they resumed the courtship rituals that would bind them together for years yet.

HEARST WAS NOT elected governor in 1906 or President in 1908, but he remained a
formidable Democratic Party power broker into the 1920s, and he outlived Charles
Murphy by 27 years.

Notes: BIG TOWN BIG TIME A NEW YORK EPIC: 1898-1998 Chapter 21


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CORBIS-BETTMAN [William Randolph Hearst]

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              835 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                                 April 2, 1998

Corridors Of Power Paved With More Of Tech's Gold

BYLINE: By Norm Alster, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: Computers & Technology; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 1047 words


To fight a '96 California ballot proposal on shareholder lawsuits, high-tech
interests spent a whopping $ 40 million.

''That was the first time high tech had stooped to such a venal level,'' said
Dick Levy.

Levy is not a plaintiff's attorney or critic of big-business lobbying.  He's
chairman of the American Electronics Association, probably high tech's most
powerful lobbying force.

The AEA, which employs roughly 40 political staffers in Washington, certainly
does spend money to influence policy. But the AEA has thus far avoided the
glitzy fat-cat fund-raisers and nasty big-bucks advertising that dominate
politics.

''We've gotten a lot of support from Congress without having to do that,'' said
Levy.

Nonetheless, Levy seemed to regret at once his use of the word ''venal'' to
describe the tactics of his fellow lobbyists. But the plain truth is that
venality in high-tech lobbying has already progressed well beyond the ad blitzes
of '96.

More and more, tech is throwing around big bucks to influence policy. This is
making an already effective lobby increasingly difficult to ignore.

Founded just last summer, the Technology Network, a political action group based
in Palo Alto, Calif., isn't shy about gaining access for its members by raising
cash for candidates and the political parties.

In less than a year, TechNet has organized at least 15 fund-raising dinners for
Democrats and Republicans. Price per plate: up to $ 50,000. TechNet hopes to
raise as much as $ 4 million for political candidates this year, says Michael
Engelhardt, the group's vice president of public policy and communications.

In September, TechNet hosted a bash for Bill Clinton, raising $ 650,000 for the
Democratic National Committee. Most attendees made their checks out directly to
the DNC. Unlike ''hard dollar'' donations to candidates, contributions to the
parties, known as ''soft dollars,'' aren't capped by law.

''We put on the fund-raiser. The companies write the checks,'' explained
Engelhardt.

Tech firms with a direct interest in issues being examined by Washington
attended the Clinton fund-raiser. In doing so, several emerged among the major
soft-dollar donors to the Democratic Party.

RSA Data Security Inc., a unit of Security Dynamics Technologies Inc., has
lobbied extensively to loosen encryption software export controls. Encryption
software scrambles data for security purposes.

In September, RSA contributed $ 35,000 to the DNC. E-Trade Group Inc. of Palo
Alto, an online discount brokerage, also contributed $ 35,000 to the DNC,
according to Federal Election Commission data.

TechNet, which claims over 100 corporate members, sponsors fund-raisers for
congressmen that support its agenda. In October, Sen. Christopher Dodd, D-Conn.,
introduced a bill that advances TechNet's top lobbying priority: new legislation
that would discourage the filing of shareholder lawsuits in state courts.  Dodd
already has been helped three times with TechNet fund-raisers. A fourth is being
planned.

Engelhardt emphasizes that TechNet doesn't directly fund the candidates or
parties. It simply acts as matchmaker.

''We enable our members to build working relationships with Congress and the
administration,'' said Engelhardt. ''Our value-add is to put them in
face-to-face-situations. We facilitate personal contacts.''

But the equation remains: Dollars equal access. And it's not at all clear that
contributions are even required for political support.

The bottom line is that the AEA, without $ 50,000-a-plate fund-raisers, has been
extremely effective. Among its wins: tax credits for research and development,
defeat of accounting proposals that would dilute earnings for many tech firms,
and a tightening of federal standards for class-action suits.

AEA also often has its way at the state level. In Texas, for example,
semiconductor cleanroom equipment was exempted from sales taxes imposed on other
manufactured goods.

AEA has mastered the conventional lobbying offensive. For certain issues, it
will organize a day-long agenda of meetings with lawmakers and officials in
Washington. As many as 200 CEOs will fly in for the blitz.

Once the AEA identifies an issue of concern - expanded work visa quotas for
foreign software programmers, let's say - it then tries to line up congressional
sponsors. AEA, says Levy, relies on the leverage it has from its 3,000 member
companies. It will often ''target'' a legislator whose district houses a number
of companies with interest in such legislation.

And the AEA writes letters, lots of letters. Once the AEA identifies an issue of
concern, it will draft a letter and circulate it among members for CEO
signatures.

''These guys know what they're doing,'' said one senatorial aide.

Tech lobbyists had forced the Financial Accounting Standards Board to back down
on the issue of options accounting. Last year, they saw to it that an effort by
Sens. Carl Levin, D-Mich., and John McCain, R-Ariz., to tighten such accounting
never got off the ground.

Tech firms are interpreting their interests ever more broadly. Intel Corp. last
year lobbied against Internet access charges on grounds that such taxes would
discourage PC sales.

''This would be like General Motors being against toll gates on a street. Car
sales and car use would go down,'' said Michael Maibach, Intel's vice president
of corporate affairs.

In Washington, as elsewhere, hot air rushes to fill a vacuum. Years ago, high
tech often prevailed on issues because of either weak opposition or lack of
public awareness.

But as the interests of tech lobbyists broaden, so does opposition to
technology's special-interest agenda. It's one thing to rail against Japanese
memory-chip or cell-phone producers. It's quite another to challenge an FBI
concerned about terrorism on the issue of encryption.

The reliance on money to influence policy may well be a function of tech's
expanding sphere of interest and influence. With its own interests now bumping
against those of other domestic groups, and often the broader public, tech is
finding that venality has its uses.

LOAD-DATE: April 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 1998 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                              836 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              May 7, 2009 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Movies - Saturday, May 9

BYLINE: Craig Mathieson

SECTION: GREEN GUIDE; Preview; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 258 words


Igby Goes Down (2002)


Channel Seven, midnight

IGBY Slocumb is the kind of fictional teenage character disaffected youth
everywhere dream of being. "You call your mother Mimi?"

he's asked. "Medea was taken," he replies. Trenchantly flippant, Igby (Kieran
Culkin) has made an artform of being expelled from prep schools, much to the
disdain of Mimi (a ferociously acerbic Susan Sarandon). His older brother, Olly
(Ryan Phillippe), is allegedly "majoring in neo-fascism at Columbia" and models
himself on family friend D.H. (Jeff Goldblum), rather than the boys'
institutionalised father (Bill Pullman). Debutante writer-director Burr Steers
is wise to these characters. He enjoys them, but is hip to their pretensions -
they're charming, but trapped. When Igby flees a military academy in the
mid-West, he ends up downtown, staying with Rachel (Amanda Peet), D.H.'s
mistress, and her artist pal Russell (Jared Harris). Rachel is their meal ticket
and in one memorable shot you see Igby and Russell silently preparing her for
D.H., zipping up her dress and fastening her necklace. D.H. nonetheless
wordlessly expunges her from his life. She's a heroin addict, making her
superfluous. Goldblum is excellent in this role, a picture of refinement and
venality. Just as impressive is Claire Danes as the gloriously named Sookie
Sapperstein, a bohemian who catches the eye of both Igby and Olly. The
transference of her affections from one to the other is rushed, but in her
banter with Igby you can sense the flourishing of his first love.

-- CRAIG MATHIESON

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 13, 2003, Wednesday

BUST DAD, KIN IN FIRE AND FRAUD

BYLINE: By JOHN MARZULLI and BILL HUTCHINSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 363 words

A Brooklyn warehouse arson fire and the alleged bribery of a fire marshal were
part of an elaborate multimillion-dollar fraud by a Williamsburg businessman and
his three sons, prosecutors charged yesterday.

Victor Jacobs, 71, and his sons fleeced banks and their company's stockholders
of $170 million by lying about profits and grossly inflating the business'
inventory, said Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf.

One son, Aaron Jacobs, and an associate allegedly offered a $100,000 bribe to a
fire marshal to say an arson blaze that destroyed their company's Bushwick
warehouse and injured three firefighters Sept. 25 was an accident.

"This fire was a brazen blaze, fueled by greed in an audacious attempt to cover
up the defendants' massive corporate fraud and cash in on a $100 million
insurance policy," Mauskopf said.

But the fire marshal they approached was working undercover and secretly taping
the bribe offer, Mauskopf said.

Victor Jacobs is the founder of Allou Healthcare of Brentwood, L.I., a company
that supplied pharmaceuticals and beauty supplies to drug store chains. His
company traded on the American Stock Exchange, with 6 million shares of stock
held by the public.

"There's not a household in the community that doesn't know that family," said
Williamsburg activist Isaac Abraham, who described Victor Jacobs as a pillar of
the Hasidic community.

But now he faces life in prison if convicted of committing massive corporate
fraud, even as his company plunged into bankruptcy.

Deception cited

Prosecutors said Jacobs and his sons - Herman, 43, Jacob, 40, and Aaron, 39 -
lied about their company's profits and inflated inventory to deceive
stockholders and bilk banks of multimillion-dollar loans.

When the loans came due, the Brooklyn warehouse at 80 Evergreen Ave. near Noll
St. went up in flames, Mauskopf said.

"They have hit for the cycle of corporate fraud," she said of Jacobs, his sons
and four other business associates charged yesterday.

She said the defendants pocketed $15 million last year alone "with schemes whose
venality, corruption and willful disregard for public safety staggers the
imagination."


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              838 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday

All the way with LBJ

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 827 words


WASHINGTON - Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours
after the assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East
Room of the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian,
convened a lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other
administration liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964
Democratic presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and
instead run a ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert
Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography. The new volume arrives 30 years after the first,
and its timing is serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current
lamentations about the decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's
cringe-inducing catalog of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson
by many New Frontiersmen, and with obsessive hatred by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
convince Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana - President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 - and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson putting the power of the presidency
behind a discharge petition that, by advancing, compelled a Southern committee
chairman to allow what became the 1964 Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate,
where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of another Southern chairman prevented
tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to the civil rights filibuster. By
taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating Johnson's virtuosity regarding
them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers, who should reciprocate the
compliment.

Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding his Texas
broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists, through
their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated - and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws - the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families ...") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a pre-eminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a very personal force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages. When his
fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

(George Will writes for the Washington Post. His syndicated column appears
Sundays and Thursdays.)

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday

George Will: All the way with LBJ

BYLINE: By George Will

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 824 words


AROUND noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours after the
assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East Room of
the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian, convened a
lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other administration
liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964 Democratic
presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and instead run a
ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography. The new volume arrives 30 years after the first,
and its timing is serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current
lamentations about the decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's
cringe-inducing catalog of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson
by many New Frontiersmen, and with obsessive hatred by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
convince Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana - President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 - and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson putting the power of the presidency
behind a discharge petition that, by advancing, compelled a Southern committee
chairman to allow what became the 1964 Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate,
where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of another Southern chairman prevented
tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to the civil rights filibuster. By
taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating Johnson's virtuosity regarding
them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers, who should reciprocate the
compliment. Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding
his Texas broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists,
through their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated - and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws - the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families ... ") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a pre-eminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a very personal force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages. When his
fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

georgewill@washpost.com .

George Will is a columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday

All the way with LBJ

BYLINE: George F. Will/For the Times-Standard

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 824 words


WASHINGTON -- Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours
after the assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East
Room of the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian,
convened a lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other
administration liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964
Democratic presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and
instead run a ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert
Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography. The new volume arrives 30 years after the first,
and its timing is serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current
lamentations about the decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's
cringe-inducing catalog of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson
by many New Frontiersmen, and with obsessive hatred by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
convince Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana -- President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 -- and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson putting the power of the presidency
behind a discharge petition that, by advancing, compelled a Southern committee
chairman to allow what became the 1964 Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate,
where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of another Southern chairman prevented
tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to the civil rights filibuster. By
taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating Johnson's virtuosity regarding
them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers, who should reciprocate the
compliment.

Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding his Texas
broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists, through
their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated -- and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws -- the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families ... ") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a pre-eminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a (BEG ITAL)very(END ITAL) personal
force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages. When his
fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

George Will's email address isgeorgewill@washpost.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Daily Variety

                             August 30, 1996 Friday

American Buffalo (Drama Color)

BYLINE: Daniel M. Kimmel

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 693 words


A Samuel Goldwyn Co. release, in association with Capitol Films, of a Punch
Prods. production. Produced by Gregory Mosher. Executive producer, John Sloss.
Co-producer, Sarah Green.

Directed by Michael Corrente. Screenplay, David Mamet, based on his play. Camera
(color), Richard Crudo; editor, Kate Sanford; music, Thomas Newman; production
design, Daniel Talpers; costume design, Deborah Newhall; sound (Dolby), Ronald
Judkins, Robert Jackson; assistant director, Julian Petrillo; casting, Billy
Hopkins, Suzanne Smith, Kerry Barden. Reviewed at the Sony Copley Place Theatre,
Boston, Aug. 12, 1996. (In Venice, Boston film festivals.) MPAA Rating: R.
Running time: 88 MIN.

Teach Dustin Hoffman

Don Dennis Franz

Bobby Sean Nelson

The star quality of Dustin Hoffman and Dennis Franz should prove a draw for this
film version of David Mamet's "American Buffalo." A three-character, one-set
chamber piece, pic lacks the bravura moments of the film version of the
playwright's "Glengarry Glen Ross," which may limit its box office appeal.

Mamet, adapting his play, and director Michael Corrente have declined to do much
opening up of the story, which is about two losers and a loser-in-training
planning and failing to follow through on a heist. While Corrente takes us
through the streets of his native Providence, R.I., for the opening sequence,
the bulk of the film takes place in and around Don Dubrow's (Franz) junk shop.
Don takes a fatherly view toward Bobby (Sean Nelson), a teen who has been
running errands for him.

Bobby's latest job is to keep an eye on a customer who bought what apparently
was a valuable coin from Don, who, not having realized the value of the coin
himself, feels violated. He intends his revenge by robbing the home of the
customer. Don's partner in crime is Teach (Hoffman), another loser who fancies
himself an expert on the human condition. He pontificates at length, but the
more he talks the more obvious it becomes that he has little but his own
small-minded venality to offer.

They await the arrival of another partner, and it is in the endless waiting that
the "action" of the story takes place. The only real development in the story is
the growing tension between Don and Bobby caused by the endless badgering of
Teach, who doesn't come right out and attack Don until late in the film. Instead
he wheedles and cajoles, getting under Don's skin until Don seems willing to do
almost anything just to end the irritation.

As a finely etched character study rather than a plot-driven film, "American
Buffalo" rises or falls on the strength of its performances. Hoffman's turn here
may strike some as larger than life, but he gets it exactly right: Teach is
always playing to an audience, including himself, to try to convince the world
that his view is the only view. Even more impressive is Franz, whose previous
feature work, notably for Brian De Palma, did not require him to bear the weight
of a film on his shoulders.

His TV work, especially on "NYPD Blue," has allowed him to stretch, and it pays
off here. Don is the center of the story: The other two characters try to
manipulate him to get what they want. In a sense, it's a struggle for Don's
soul. For this setup to work, viewers must care about Don. Franz brings to the
part both a lowlife grittiness and the sense of an inner core of integrity that
makes the battle for his loyalty worth fighting.

It is Franz's Don who lingers in the memory at film's end. Nelson is fine as
Bobby, but his character is more the object of the struggle than a full-blown
character. Don offers him loyalty while Teach wants to disrupt and separate the
two, and Bobby's motivations are never really explained. Nelson plays Mamet's
lines with the appropriate hesitations, making us and Don think he's hiding
something and allowing Teach to chip away a bit more.

Corrente, whose first film was another Providence crime drama ("Federal Hill"),
avoids the sophomore curse by working in service of Mamet's script. Although it
is essentially a filmed play, Corrente's pacing, and the brief running time,
prevent claustrophobia from setting in.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 Reed Elsevier Inc.


                              842 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                August 25, 2007
                                   e1 Edition

Critters get best laughs;
Chuckles of Biblical proportions don't flood in

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 714 words


Film: Evan Almighty

Director: Tom Shadyac

Cast: Steve Carell, Morgan Freeman, Lauren Graham, Johnny Simmons, Graham
Phillips, Jimmy Bennett, John Goodman, Wanda Sykes, John Michael Higgins

Reviewer: Kirk Honeycutt

Situating the biblical story of Noah and the Ark in a Washington that closely
resembles Frank Capra's Mr Smith Goes to Washington makes for one determined
stab at a populist comedy.

Tom Shadyac's Evan Almighty develops a split personality. What starts out as a
politically themed comedy takes a sharp turn into, as the ad copy suggests, "a
comedy of Biblical proportions".

Populist

With popular Steve Carell as the circus master of an impressive menagerie of
God's creatures, the film should live up to its populist aspirations. The film
appears primed to entertain a large congregation of family audiences with its
mix of Old Testament magic and skewering of modern-day scepticism.

The film is a sequel to 2003's Bruce Almighty - and then again it isn't. The
original film was a Jim Carrey vehicle where he played a disgruntled TV reporter
(hailing from Buffalo, NY), who is given divine powers by God (Morgan Freeman in
a bit of typecasting) to see if he can do a better job. The new film focuses on
a supporting character from that film, Carrey's news rival, Evan Baxter, who was
played by Carell before he became a star in The 40-Year-Old Virgin.

So the new movie can't wait to get out of Buffalo. Seems Evan has run for
Congress even while retaining his TV job. (How the hell did that work? Did he
get to cover himself?) By the time you've gobbled down your third handful of
popcorn, Evan, his wife, Joan (Lauren Graham), and three sons - Dylan (Johnny
Simmons), Jordan (Graham Phillips) and Ryan (Jimmy Bennett) - are off to a
brand-new Virginian suburb outside DC, still in the building stage.

Written by Steve Oedekerk (from a story by Joel Cohen, Alec Sokolow and
himself), the film doesn't even bother to get any of the details of Capitol Hill
right.

A shifty-eyed senior congressman, played as if bloated on corruption and
venality by John Goodman in one of his lesser performances, gets Evan an office
grander than the Oval Office so he'll co-sponsor a land-grab bill and no one
smells a rat.

Never mind. The show doesn't really begin until God (Freeman again) appears to
Evan. He gently requests that Evan builds an ark to prepare for a mighty flood.
It takes longer than Bill Cosby's classic comedy routine about Noah for God to
persuade Evan, and even then most of the persuading is done through a series of
mammals and birds that follow Noah, two by two, everywhere.

When building gets under way - on adjacent subdivision plots God has bought for
Evan along with a copy of Ark Building for Dummies - Evan's family is convinced
this is a midlife crisis gone far beyond the red Corvette stage. Meanwhile, his
hair and beard grow overnight, and neither can be shaved off. Then God helpfully
leaves a dusty old robe for Evan to use while working with the animals.

Much of the slapstick comedy involved in the building is feeble, and the film
never does something unexpected once the wheels are set in motion. Shadyac and
Oedekerk rely on the non-human supporting cast for their comic shock and awe.
Composite shots of myriad animals and birds - quite a few real and the others
realistic CG critters - fill the screen while TV reporters and neighbours mock
the modern-day Noah. The disappointment is that no one bothered to think through
in contemporary comic terms what a repeat of Noah and the Ark would look like
today.

Dullness

Carell is getting quite good as these everyman characters but lacks the audacity
of, say, a Carrey or a Robin Williams. He is making comedy out of dullness.
Evan's family is too generic to do much more than blend into the scenery.

With Evan's staff, things liven up. Wanda Sykes makes the most of the script's
best wisecracks. John Michael Higgins is all unctuous anxiety as Evan's chief of
staff. And Jonah Hill has moments as an intern who unaccountably morphs into his
intelligence chief.

Production is outstanding as animal coordinator Mark Forbes, cinematographer Ian
Baker, the visual effects unit and production designer Linda DeScenna put
together the ark, animals and the flood. No Ark Building for Dummies needed
here. - Hollywood Reporter

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

THE AGNOSTY AND THE ECSTASY (JA)

BYLINE: JONATHAN RICHARDS I FOR THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: PASATIEMPO; Pg. PA-60

LENGTH: 870 words


The agnosty and the ecstasy

Jonathan Richards I For The New Mexican

Religulous, preaching doubt, rated R, Regal DeVargas,

988-2775, 3.5 chiles

"Ignorance is preferable to error, and he is less remote from the truth who
believes nothing than he who believes what is wrong."

-- Thomas Jefferson (Notes on Virginia, 1782)

If fundamentalists and true believers of various religions did not wield such
frightening power, I suspect Bill Maher might not have been moved to make
Religulous. But fatwas are declared and terror is unleashed and wars are
launched by politicians and fanatics who believe God speaks directly to them,
who believe in crusades and divine missions and the cosmic rightness of their
faith. Academic curricula are dictated by school boards from a sectarian
playbook. And a candidate dare not run for office in these times without a
portfolio from a major religion, with the overwhelming preference in this
country going to Christianity.

So Maher, the host of HBO's Real Time and an outspoken agnostic, has ventured
out (in the company of Borat director Larry Charles) to make a movie that shines
the light of rationalism on the assumptions of faith and beats the drums of
ridicule to expose its "nonsense and fantasy." His title is a conflation of the
words religious and ridiculous.

A lot of this movie is easy pickings. Some of its critics will take Maher to
task for preying on the soft underbelly of religious ignorance, hypocrisy, and
venality. He discusses talking snakes and miracles with truckers and the owner
of a shop selling Christian wares, and he takes us to the Creation Museum in
Kentucky, where animatronic humans and dinosaurs romp together in the same era.
He visits a Christian theme park in Florida, where he debates a hip Jesus.
(Maher: "Do people recognize you when you go out to dinner?" Jesus: "Sometimes.
You must get a lot of that too.") He talks to charlatans like José Luis de Jésus
Miranda, who claims to be Christ's blood descendant and second incarnation, and
evangelist Jeremiah Cummings, formerly of Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes, who
reveals that Jesus dressed expensively ("Linen! It was fine linen!") and would
approve of his flash and bling. He shows clips of televangelists exhorting poor
people to send them their welfare checks and of fundamentalists denouncing gays.
(A girl says,

"I don't hate them. God does.")

But he reels in bigger fish as well. Dr. Francis Collins, the head of the Human
Genome Project, makes the surprising claim that the Gospels were written by
"eyewitnesses." Maher points out that they were not and that a couple of them
didn't even think to mention the virgin birth. He talks to a couple of
unorthodox priests at the Vatican who cheerfully acknowledge the silliness of
some of their church's beliefs (one points out that, in a poll of whom Italians
would pray to in an emergency, Jesus came in sixth). U.S. Senator Mark Pryor
(D-Ark.) suggests that "the scientific community is a little divided" on
evolution and makes no objection when Maher points out that, for Christians who
believe the End of Days is upon us, there isn't much incentive to plan for the
future. But as Pryor engagingly admits, "You don't have to pass an IQ test to be
in the Senate."

Christianity is Maher's biggest target but by no means his only one. He has
plenty of ridicule to spare for Judaism, Islam, Scientology, Mormonism, and a
few stray cults. Maher was raised Catholic -- his mother was Jewish, his father
Christian -- and in a clip from his youthful stand-up act, he quips that he
brought a lawyer to his first confession: "Bless me father, for

I have sinned. I think you know

Mr. Cohen?"

He visits an orthodox rabbi who is trying to devise gadgets to get around the
Torah's proscriptions (punishable by death) against work on the Sabbath. And he
stands at the spot on an Amsterdam street where Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh
was assassinated in 2004 by an Islamic extremist who took exception to van
Gogh's short film criticizing the treatment of women under Islam. Watching
Maher's movie, you have to wonder if anybody is working up that kind of rage
against him.

Maher is essentially and professionally a comic, and the measure of this movie
is not just the thoughts it provokes but the laughs it generates. It's not all
funny, but a lot of it is hilarious. For those who are particularly sensitive to
having their spiritual toes tread upon, it will hurt or anger more than it will
tickle.

Maher's point is not that there can't be any truth to any religion. He describes
himself as an agnostic, not an atheist. "I'm selling doubt," he says. "That's my
product." He admits that "not having faith is a luxury" and that religion can be
a comfort for people without much hope. What he objects to is the certainty held
by so many that their religion and their particular branch of that religion has
a corner on absolute truth. He objects to their willingness to back up that
belief with proselytizing and violence.

This isn't a scientific assumption, but I'll bet no agnostic ever stoned a
believer to death for having faith. Those invested in faith should be pleased at
least that Maher is only coming after them with ridicule, not with fatwas, guns,
bombs, and 747s. <

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              844 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                     January 5, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

It's not funny despite stars

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 366 words


Rat Race (M). At Greater Union Civic, Hoyts Woden, Tuggeranong, Belconnen.

JERRY ZUCKER's road comedy is motivated by greed, his as much as his
characters', and morally dubious from the outset.

The decision to rate it two stars is not motivated by any high moral stance on
my part but rather because the comic style is forced and its execution, while
often vigorous, is at best plebeian and at worst contrived.

I found one funny moment at which actually to hazard a small smile, in a pale
imitation of the closing moment of Thelma and Louise, enhanced by a transparent
gag that had waited several minutes to reach its full bloom.

The plot's thesis is that Las Vegas Casino owner Sinclair (John Cleese
brandishing an impressive set of dentures) has arranged a race to a pot of gold
and selected a collection of people down on their luck to compete for it.
Sinclair has covered his end by opening a book among some very high rollers
ready to bet large on some remarkable events, not merely raindrops rolling down
a window pane.

That's not a bad basis for a story, offering opportunities for chicanery,
venality, dishonesty, spectacular stunts involving objects moving beyond human
control and the aforementioned greed in its multiple forms among the
competitors.

Zucker and writer Andy Breckman have crammed the film with all of these.

Alas, they almost without exception reach the screen unpolished by freshness or
inventiveness. A cow borne aloft by an aerostat, a mega-truck in full flight
over a row of gas-guzzlers, a bus full of Lucille Ball lookalikes - that picks
out the plums.

The cast includes at least three people of whom one is entitled to have
expectations Cleese, Rowan Atkinson as a narcoleptic Italian and Whoopi Goldberg
as a mother meeting her adult daughter for the first time since the maternity
ward.

Atkinson is the only truly funny one. Cuba Gooding jr as a football referee who
screwed up on national TV reminds us that he has a comic talent.

The ending, totally without forewarning, is mawkish beyond belief. But the rest
is rather unremarkable holiday fare of the junk-food kind and so more than a
little disappointing.

Dougal Macdonald

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              845 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            February 3, 2002 Sunday

Will words of church ring true with Lay?

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 581 words


I wonder if Kenneth Lay goes to church.

I read about scandal-ridden Enron Corp. and its disgraced former chairman, but I
have yet to see mention of church affiliation.

I have read about his assiduous cultivating of politicians, his extravagant
lifestyle, his obfuscation of Enron's real dealings, his strategy to avoid
taxes, his double-dealing with employees, but nothing about church.

Powerful people do belong to churches, synagogues and mosques, and many, no
doubt, consider themselves people of faith.

Some belong to those congregations that cater to the powerful and shape the Word
to their liking, never challenging large givers, always soothing, always
protecting the wall between Sunday and Monday.

In preaching that tends to be "heavily pietistic," awkward connections between
justice and gospel, between larger needs and personal needs, are "air-brushed
out," says one observer in Houston, Lay's hometown.

Some powerful people draw closer to the fire and worship with everyday
believers. Some build Habitat houses, serve food at shelters, teach Sunday
school, rather than serve on finance committees, and risk compromising their
single-minded drive to success.

But anyone who dares enter a house of God and pays the slightest attention
eventually will hear a discomfiting word. It doesn't take a firebrand in the
pulpit. "Give us this day our daily bread," for example, talks of bread, not
Porsches, and receiving from God, not seizing through self-will. "Lord, have
mercy," names God as a giver of compassion, not compensation. "The Lord is my
shepherd," points to humble, not lofty.

Even if they worship in a house of self-praise, where Sunday is a fashion show
and networking op, they must see that the hands they hold up to God are empty
until God fills them.

Why, then, does so little of this take hold? Why, then, is venality so common?
Why aren't we surprised that Lay and his chums at Arthur Andersen thought they
could buy favors from the churchgoers in Congress and the White House? Why does
greed run rampant? If people listened on Sunday, how could they be so callous
and self-serving on Monday?

It is, of course, an ancient dilemma. But still, why? If the Word of God is so
powerful, so true, so filled with light and life, why does it have so little
apparent impact on our behavior?

It might be that the faith enterprise needs to come up the mountain and sit with
God. Instead of inviting Jesus into our homes and hearts our comfort zones we
need to leave home and follow him. Instead of gathering with the like-minded on
Sunday to hear excellent words that we critique in the buffet line, we need to
sit on a hillside of God's choosing and listen to God speak.

We need to know that the first Beatitude "Blessed are the poor in spirit" wasn't
a call to be nice to the less fortunate. It was a description of reality. Until
we are broken, God cannot mend. Until we suffer, God cannot heal. Until we
exhaust our own resources, we cannot understand the very prayers we recite.

Lay, I am told, has, indeed, been an elder and regular worshipper at one of
Houston's power churches. Now that his world has collapsed, will pastel words
continue to soothe? Or will he now need something with more bite, like the
desperate prayers across town where the pensioners whose savings he squandered
cry out for bread and hope?

Ehrich is a Religion News Service columnist. Write to him there at 1101
Connecticut Ave. NW, Suite 350, Washington, D.C. 20036.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              846 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 7, 2008, Thursday

'Blood' simply very good

BYLINE: Colin Covert, Star Tribune (Minneapolis)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10D

LENGTH: 723 words


REVIEW

"There Will Be Blood" HHHH

Rated R (some violence)

Directed by Paul Thomas Anderson

Starring Daniel Day-Lewis, Paul Dano and Dillon Freasier

Marquee Cinemas, Park Place Stadium Cinemas

"There Will Be Blood'' is an epic about that most American trait, ambition.

We see it in the determination of Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day-Lewis) to wrest a
fortune out of California's bedrock, and in the resolve of writer/director Paul
Thomas Anderson to make the prospector's story a classic in the mold of "Citizen
Kane,'' "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre'' and "Greed.'' Each attains his goal,
and each goes a bit mad in the end.

The story opens in a landscape as bleak and primordial as the dawn of time.
Against a dissonant, modernist orchestral score by Radiohead guitarist Johnny
Greenwood, Anderson shows us a panorama of raw, unforgiving hills. At the bottom
of a vertical shaft, Plainview hacks at the earth, looking for a glint of
silver. For 15 minutes we watch him labor in wordless solitude, defining himself
as a figure of elemental willpower almost impervious to pain.

When he finally speaks, we see that he's almost as insensitive to the pain of
others. In his new vocation as a successful oilman, his craft is to swindle
landowners out of their mineral rights.

The obsessively guarded Plainview charms his marks with his promises of fair
dealing and family values. But the fresh-faced boy he introduces as "H.W., my
son and partner'' is the orphan of a man killed in one of Plainview's mines; he
took the infant under his wing largely as a public relations prop. Misdirection
is his stock in trade. He rarely speaks to communicate, but to get something
from someone else and usually he succeeds. His smile is pure venality.

When he learns of a failing farm where the soil weeps black crude, he
impersonates a quail hunter and sets about cheating the trusting, pious
landowner. But the man's son Eli (Paul Dano), a charismatic young evangelist,
who has some idea what the land is worth, opposes Plainview. They lock horns in
a dinner-table conversation that crackles with unspoken mutual contempt. The
pair enters into a taunting, bitter clash of wills that magnifies each man's
flaws - Eli is as much a fraud as Plainview - and drives the story to its
shocking, unexpected conclusion.

"There Will Be Blood'' is a work of stunning intelligence and dramatic sweep, a
portrait of a young nation struggling to find itself, torn between religious and
business values. (Upton Sinclair, the socialist writer whose 1927 novel "Oil!''
inspired the film, included progressive labor as a factor in the struggle;
Anderson, mindful of the spirit of our present era, has left it out.)

The film's re-creation of California in the early 20th century is wonderfully
evocative, with rough-hewn drilling camps and ugly, ludicrous, extravagant manor
houses. It's never nostalgic; it deliberately keeps the audience at arm's
length, without clearly drawn heroes or villains.

Plainview is silhouetted against a diabolical jet of flaming oil, and Eli is
framed against a cross-shaped window that lets sunlight into his chapel, but
neither is simply good or evil. Day-Lewis gives a performance intense enough to
fuse your ganglia, and Dano makes Eli's convulsive religious fervor every bit as
menacing.

Who wins the battle is unimportant in the film's eyes. It continually keeps us
guessing as to which is the villain and which is the anti-hero. A scene where
Plainview hypocritically presents himself to Eli's congregation as a repentant
sinner is so electric with malice it almost short-circuits the film.

Day-Lewis' performance is nothing less than breathtaking, and Anderson's austere
direction, with its cuts between harsh vistas and confined, claustrophobic
interiors, conjures high tension out of sheer atmosphere. The film's finale, a
kind of metaphorical "High Noon'' showdown, takes place not on a tumbleweed
street but in a mansion's bowling alley. It's an almost intolerably painful
sequence and it strikes with such hurricane force that it might startle some
viewers into stunned laughter.

I was appalled by the moment's operatic daring; it took some reflection to see
how it fit the story's master scheme. The savage scene is the cathartic release
that the film has been relentlessly working toward for the past three hours.
It's a gusher of pure black gold.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              847 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 23, 1998 Saturday

When pop music was still golden  Though writer (and lyricist) Gene Lees believes
that music has been going downhill since 1955, this broad examination of the
American popular song brings both the era and the players to life. SINGERS AND
THE SONG II

BYLINE: Review by CHRIS PROBERT

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; Pg. D17

LENGTH: 822 words


By Gene Lees
   Oxford University Press,
   251 pages, $44.50

SOME of this book appeared as Singers and the Song,in 1987. Singers and the Song
II repeats seven of the original 10 chapters, although with revisions -- the
chapter on Peggy Lee, for example, is now twice its original length -- and adds
seven more. The new chapters are on songwriters Yip Harburg, Arthur Schwartz and
Harry Warren, singers Ella Fitzgerald, Julius La Rosa and Jackie and Roy, and
Antonio Carlos Jobim, who was both singer and songwriter. Lees, who was born in
Hamilton, Ont., but now lives in California, has since 1981 put out his highly
regarded Jazzletter, in which most if not all of these pieces originally
appeared.

Lees frequently invokes what he calls the golden age of American popular music,
at one point quoting songwriter and author Alec Wilder that 1955 was when the
amateurs took over -- presumably with the rise of Elvis Presley. In Lees's view,
popular music has been going downhill ever since, as craft has gone out the
window. The only problem with this view is that Lees has a tin ear when it comes
to post-1955 trends, and this is in fact the weakest aspect of his book. To give
but one example, in contrasting the songs of the golden age, about love without
sex, with the loveless sex of the modern era, he invokes You Don't Have to Say
You Love Me, a hit for Dusty Springfield in the mid-1960s. It is a strange
example, and one wonders if Lees has actually listened to it, since the song is
an Italian pop song to which English lyrics were fitted, and is about romantic
obsession.

Lees sees the decline of American popular song as a matter of dumbing down, fed
by the greed of the big record companies, ignoring the role of independent
labels in the rise of rock and roll. Of course the venality of record companies,
music publishers and their ilk is always very much with us, and Lees gives
numerous examples of its operation during the golden era. He also, despite
himself, suggests other reasons for the passing of the era he laments. It had
certain limitations. At one point he notes that the songs of the Broadway
musical theatre are "of the rich, by the rich, and for the rich." It promoted a
view of love that was highly sentimental.

Despite these reservations, it is undeniable that the period roughly from 1920
to 1955 was a great one for the American popular song. Lees has spoken to almost
all of his subjects and is a friend of several, and through these portraits
brings an era to life. His position within the music business, as a lyricist,
allows him to draw more out of his subjects than others could about such matters
as getting started in the business, whether the music or the lyric comes first,
juggling work with raising children, stage technique and so on.

In the essay Pavilion in the Rain, he offers a reasoned analysis of what killed
the big bands. His chapter on Johnny Mercer, whom he calls the finest lyricist
in the English language, actually manages to convince the reader that this may
be so. He offers a thorough examination of some of those lyrics, and a balanced
portrait of a man who frequently behaved badly to those around him, usually
after drinking. Mercer was also one of the founders of Capitol Records, which in
itself had a considerable influence on American popular music; a poignant story
is told of his visiting Capitol's head offices after the company had been sold
to EMI, and the receptionist failing to recognize him.

But the most moving story is of Peggy Lee and her horrific childhood in North
Dakota as the daughter of an alcoholic father and a physically abusive
stepmother. It is impossible not to be impressed by her strength of will and the
way in which she has drawn on her experiences in her art.

The last two essays move away from Americana, dealing first with the French
singer Edith Piaf and then, in the longest chapter, with the late Brazilian
singer-songwriter Antonio Carlos Jobim. Lees has mixed feelings about Jobim,
with whom he had his greatest success as a lyricist, providing English versions
of the original Portuguese lyrics at the height of the bossa nova craze in the
early 1960s.

Lees is an amateur linguist, fascinated by such matters as which vowels and
consonants work in a song and which do not, and always ready to talk songcraft
with his subjects -- although his work as a lyricist strikes me as more
perspiration than inspiration. In the end, Lees breaks with Jobim, whom, for all
his brilliance, Lees found to be a weak and vacillating man who not infrequently
caused needless pain to those around him.

With the rise of rock and roll, something may have been gained, but something
was lost. The careers of a lot of gifted people ground to a halt. One of the
biggest music publishers of material from the "golden age" is owned by Paul
McCartney. Is he driven, at least in part, by guilt?
Chris Probert reviews blues, soul and r & b for The Globe and Mail.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           September 1, 2001 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Cold cry of protest from a marked man

BYLINE: Reviewed by Andrew Riemer, Andrew Riemer is the Herald's chief book
reviewer.

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Books; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1004 words


FURY

by Salman Rushdie

Jonathan Cape, 259pp, $49.95

Thirteen years on from The Satanic Verses, Salman Rushdie is still with us. He
has survived the fatwa, upheavals in his personal life and what he sees as the
treachery of friends and colleagues who have turned their backs on him in order
to save their own skins, or, at least, careers. What is even more cheering is
that he is still writing with seemingly undiminished verve and ingenuity.

This relatively short but uncompromisingly punchy novel is his third major work
since those appalling bigots, convinced that they alone have direct access to
divine truth, began baying for his blood.

All that sounds like the very best of news as it should be for anyone who
respects the power of the imagination and believes that artists too are worthy
of celebration for courage, integrity and the capacity to strive against odds.
Rushdie's determination to persist with his calling and to continue uttering
what he sees as truth stands in fine contrast to the cynicism and opportunism of
much of contemporary culture.

Sadly though, the situation is not quite as simple as these up-beat sentiments
would suggest. It would be foolish to believe that Rushdie's difficulties in the
past decade or so have left him unmarked. This inventive, energetic, but also
cold and obsessive fable betrays the price he has had to pay for his pluck.

Malik Solanka is a 55-year-old former Cambridge don who abandoned academe for a
lucrative career on which he stumbled more or less accidentally. His fascination
with 17th-century Dutch dolls' houses prompted him to devote his energies to
carving and embellishing menageries of miniature creatures. One of these, which
he came to call Little Brain, a manikin of a sassy teenager garbed in the
fashionable gear of the contemporary young, became a media star thanks to the
conversations she conducted on television with Aristotle and Spinoza, Galileo
and Kant, Einstein and Bertrand Russell. So "Solly" Solanka, the diffident
savant, was transformed into the beneficiary of a vast media and merchandising
enterprise centred on his invention.

On the first page we meet him in New York, holed up in an Upper West Side
duplex, puzzled and bewildered by the energy and venality of America in the
summer of 2000. Solly, it transpires, has bolted: from England, from the
luscious Eleanor Masters, his second wife, and from their heavenly
three-year-old son. Why he fled takes several pages to reveal itself, but we
guess that it had something to do with the bouts of uncontrollable rage to which
he is prone so much so that he remains wholly unaware, at times, that fury has
taken hold of him.

The opening chapters make up a vivid survey of our own turn of the century as
seen through Solly's enraged eyes: a Manhattan devoted to "limited-edition olive
oils, three-hundred-dollar corkscrews, escort services featuring contortionists
and twins ... feather-light shawls made from the chin-fluff of extinct mountain
goats". There are the two great gladiators of that Northern Hemisphere summer,
Messrs Bore and Gush, as well as Russell Crowe's digitally generated combatants.
And there is poor Elian Gonzalez, the young Cuban boy, the rallying point for
the "deranged Miami mob, transformed by experience into what they hated most.
Their flight from bigotry had turned them into bigots." Behind this carnival of
vulgarity and obsessions driven, as Solly is convinced, by the Furies, those
ancient anarchic beings a serial killer of rich young women who might just be
himself, the befuddled ex-philosopher comes to fear, stalks the streets of
Manhattan.

No particular prescience or perceptiveness is needed to realise, as Solly's
adventures unfold, that here is a confession of sorts. Indeed, those in the know
might well recognise a few reflections of Rushdie's personal fortunes and
predicament among these preposterous events and characters perhaps in the
astonishingly beautiful Neela, an Indian from the South Pacific; in Solly's

two wives, not least the long-suffering Eleanor; and in Jack Rinehart, the black
war correspondent, celebrity and darling of the Manhattan upper-crust whose life
(and death) come to be enmeshed with the grisly serial killer's midnight
assaults. And even perhaps in Mila Milo (shortened from Milosevic), the
foul-mouthed but oh-so-brainy daughter of a haunted Serbian poet-patriot, an
incarnation, in Solly's eyes, of his own beloved Little Brain.

Nevertheless, the confessional core of Fury is to be found elsewhere: most
notably and worryingly in the manner in which Solly acts as a conduit for what
the novel has to say indeed, for what Rushdie wants to say. The once
mild-mannered scholar is pursued by demons and furies of his own making and also
by those of the world in which he is forced to live.

So this strange novel struck me as a cry of protest: eloquent, memorable and
deeply sardonic at times, but also obsessive and intemperate. That, I am sure,
is why the latter parts reveal signs of self-indulgence, of Rushdie's inability
to curb his customary flamboyance in the interests of intellectual and literary
coherence.

The final sections of Fury struck me as a sad mess. The narrative strays into
several dead ends: a none-too-compelling extract from a science-fiction fantasy
Solly has concocted; the retribution visited on some of the characters; and,
above all, Solly's adventures in a South Pacific Lilliput which every reader
will recognise as George Speight's Fiji.

I suspect that Rushdie himself might have realised that despite the verve of his
novel, both it and its author are labouring under a heavy burden. Early on, a
character who had tried to commit suicide has this to say: "You just wake up one
day and you aren't a part of your life. You know this. Your life doesn't belong
to you. Your body is not, I don't know how to make you feel the force of this,
yours. There's just life, living itself. You don't have it. You don't have
anything to do with it."

These words echo through many pages of this unsettling book.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration: Simon Letch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2001 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 21, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Mr. Misunderstood? Willis Makes Himself Clear

BYLINE: By BERNARD WEINRAUB,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 13; Column 1; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 1262 words

DATELINE: HOLLYWOOD, Sept. 20


Bruce Willis laughed. "If anyone said this career was going to happen," he said,
"if anyone said I was going to make more money on one picture than anyone in my
county in New Jersey made in their entire lives, if anyone said I'd have people
trying to take pictures of me when I walk outside and wackos following me around
and me living this life, I would have said, 'Hey, you're out of your mind.' "

Mr. Willis's newest film, "Striking Distance," is No. 1 at the box office this
week, a testament to the movie star's drawing power, and certainly not to the
reviews, which were modest at best. But Mr. Willis, 38, accepts the film, his
overall success and his stardom as if he finds it all a little hard to believe.

"If you can find out why this film or any film does any good, I'll give you all
the money I have," he said in an interview this morning. "No one knows. You see
dogs, idiotic films, make $150 million. And you see terrific films that die.
Nobody knows the answer. Maybe it's because people like me are in these kinds of
films."

'Not a Devious Man'

Unusually blunt, even by Hollywood standards, Mr. Willis is engaging, shrewd and
rich enough not to mind where the chips fall. He rarely gives interviews
because, he said, the news media have misrepresented and misquoted him and
treated him badly. His feistiness and toughness, he implied, can be misconstrued
as throwing his weight around.

Mr. Willis knows that "Striking Distance" may founder over the next few weeks,
but he shrugs that possibility off. "I'm not a devious man," he said in another
interview, late on a recent night, seated in a deserted hotel lobby in Santa
Monica during a break in the making of a new film, "Color of Night."

"I don't cheat, lie or go out of my way to mess people over, but I'm still
amazed at the venal garbage that goes on in this town," he said. "People lie
about you. People want to see you fail. It's so competitive here, you can see
how much people want to see you fail."

Why is there so much venality here?

"If you figure it out, call me," the actor said.

Mr. Willis has the reputation of having a volatile temperament, and he has had
his share of failures, notably "Hudson Hawk," the big-budget 1991
action-adventure that was savaged by the critics and seemed, at the time, to be
a metaphor for overindulgence. ("Did it hurt me?" he said with a shrug. "It's in
profit. Nobody's interested in that.")

The movies for which Mr. Willis is best known are the two hugely successful "Die
Hard" films. Yet what has separated him from other action-movie stars, like
Arnold Schwarzenegger or Sylvester Stallone, is not so much the types of films
he has appeared in, but an ironic style, a working-class persona and his New
York theatrical background, which still makes him hunger for other sorts of
parts.

Mr. Willis seems torn between the big-bucks roles that have made him a star and
more serious parts, which are riskier, less visible and have thus far garnered
him little critical acclaim.

He played a haunted Vietnam veteran in the 1989 film "In Country," and he was
the voice of the wisecracking baby in "Look Who's Talking," and its sequel. He
spoofed himself in "The Player," played a meek, bespectacled physician in "Death
Becomes Her," was a gangster in "Billy Bathgate" and appeared as a tabloid
reporter in the disastrous "Bonfire of the Vanities."

In "Striking Distance," a Columbia movie, he plays a Pittsburgh policeman on
river-rescue patrol duty, in search of a serial killer. For Mr. Willis, who can
earn at least $10 million for an action movie, the role is hardly a stretch. In
"Color of Night," an erotic thriller made by Hollywood Pictures, he plays a New
York psychologist who is traumatized by the suicide of a patient. His next movie
will be Quentin Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction," in which he is to portray a
down-and-out boxer. After that, Mr. Willis is planning a long break, perhaps a
year.

"If you're a so-called movie star, there's no catching-up time," he said.
"You're just on this fast-moving freeway and you can't take the side roads and
examine your choices and where you've been and what you're doing."

His wife, Demi Moore, is expecting their third child in the spring. He talks of
returning to New York to appear on the stage. He has read several plays, he
said, but he won't discuss them, saying he has not made up his mind about them.

Mr. Willis plainly misses New York. He grew up in Penns Grove, N.J., in Salem
County, near the Delaware line; worked after high school at the nearby Dupont
chemical plant, like his father, and then quit to study acting at Montclair
State.

"I had what alcoholics call 'a moment of clarity,' " he recalled. "I looked at
those guys working in the plant, walking in the same steps every day, and I
said, 'Not me.' As soon as I began acting in college, I felt blessed. I found a
home."

'Moonlighting' Strikes

The star is known, of course, as the New York actor who was plucked out of
anonymity and selected from 3,000 contenders to star as David Addison in the
television series "Moonlighting." Before that, he was an increasingly successful
Off Broadway actor who also worked as a waiter and bartender.

"I lived for seven years in the same place, a fifth-floor walk-up on 49th,
between Ninth and 10th," Mr. Willis said.

"Now I have an apartment in New York that I can almost see my old apartment
from," he continued. "It's about a mile and a quarter and many light-years
away."

"There's more confidence in New York than here," he said. "This town is
fear-driven. Now you have accountants, lawyers and agents running studios and
what we do, that mysterious thing called performance, is something the guys
writing the checks can't grasp. In another place, if you gamble with 60 or 90
million dollars and you fail, there are dire consequences. You lose your job.
You get run out of town. Here, I've seen whole regimes drummed out of studios,
people say they don't know what they're doing, and then they show up at another
studio. There's a tremendous amount of upward failure here."

"And some directors," he said, rolling his eyes. "They make grossly negligent
mistakes and a couple of years go by and they're back. It's amazing. Guys who
really shouldn't be in charge of anything are given $30 million to make another
film."

Mr. Willis insists he is not thin-skinned, but like most people in Hollywood,
even the most powerful -- especially the most powerful -- the slightest
criticism seems to grate on him.

"With this whole turmoil about 'Hudson Hawk,' I realized I didn't need to have
people say nice things about me," he said. "It would be great if I got the nice
press that some actors get without trying. But I don't need it. The gift I got
from 'Hudson Hawk' was that I don't expect another good review. You guys get the
last word. I've had writers walk into my trailer, openly hostile, and I asked
them why and they say, 'Because I don't particularly care for you.' So you can't
win."

As he approaches the age of 40, Mr. Willis said, he is convinced that there will
soon be more provocative roles for him. He looks at such actors as Harrison
Ford, Clint Eastwood, Dustin Hoffman, Robert De Niro and Al Pacino as models.

"It's not that way for women," he said. "If I was a woman, I'd do something
different. Look at my wife. She's a phenomenon. Her last four films have done
tremendous business. She's young. She doesn't think about being 50, but I bet
Hollywood does. They're probably already trying to get a 15-year-old to be the
next Demi Moore."

NAME: Bruce Willis

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "If you can find out why this film or any film does any good,"
said Bruce Willis, "I'll give you all the money I have." His latest film,
"Striking Distance," is leading at the box office this week. (Albert
Ferreira/DMI)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              850 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           February 5, 2004, Thursday

REVIEWS: POP - THE FUNK BROTHERS ROYAL FESTIVAL HALL LONDON OOOO9

BYLINE: GAVIN MARTIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 459 words


Before the documentary Standing in the Shadows of Motown rescued them from
breadline obscurity, The Funk Brothers were forgotten musical heroes, Western
pop's equivalent to the Buena Vista Social Club.

But unlike Buena Vista, The Funk Brothers had provided the soundtrack on more
hit records than the Stones, The Beatles, Elvis Presley and The Beach Boys
combined.

Since 1959, 13 musicians have passed through The Funk Brothers ranks, now only
six of the originals are left alive and in the band. Dapper percussionist Jack
Ashford tells us the last time they appeared in this country was on a 1965
Motown Revue and their most recent loss came when Johnny Griffin died on the
evening of the film. "He went up to his hotel room and never came back down."

Details like that, along with the knowledge that with Eminem rather than Berry
Gordy shaping the modern sound of Detroit we're unlikely to hear their kind
again, make it an emotional evening, but for all the right reasons. Augmented by
high-calibre veterans from the Chicago and Philadelphia scene and documentary
scriptwriter Allen Slutsky on rhythm guitar, the Funks 21st-century 15-piece
Revue is an astonishing living museum of soul genius.

Hobbling on with the aid of a walking-stick, the keyboard-player Joe Hunter is
the oldest survivor but once seated his face comes alive, like a scientist of
the groove. They run through their jukebox of dreams - the sky-kissing
exuberance of "Uptight", the giddy tumult and palpitations of "Reach Out I'll Be
There", the wild joy and defiant celebration of "Heatwave". The heart can't but
soar.

At their work The Funks evince an effortless precision, decorated with spry
filigrees of guitar from grinning elfin Joe Messina and dazzling dancing on air
bass runs by Bruce Babbit - a former professional wrestler. With advertised
guest star Isaac Hayes failing to show an excitable Billy Preston dressed in a
bizarre yellow leather suit proves a fine replacement. Preston's infectious joy
and unabashed pleasure in being boosted by this extraordinary band also shines
in Stevie Winwood's two guest spots. There's a potentially cheesy audience
participation slot when resident vocalist Carla Benson picks two audience
members to play The Supremes to her Diana Ross on "Stop in the Name of Love".

But the depth of feeling and the triumph over venality that their music
represents is absolute. On stage, Ashford's spoken-word reflections deepen the
profundity of the documentary. In February they will be stepping up to receive a
long overdue Lifetime Achievement Award at the Grammys, a week later Duran Duran
will receive an equivalent award at the Brits. It would be hard to find a more
pertinent symbol of pop music's decline.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Independent Print Ltd


                              851 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 1, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

ESSAY;
SWEET AND SOUR

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 781 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 31


In January CBS News aired a three-part report about a new low-calorie sweetener,
trade-named NutraSweet, which is rapidly replacing saccharin among the
diet-conscious. The CBS telecast raised questions about the safety of the
product, based on the research of a nutritionist at Arizona State University.

On Feb. 23 Dan Dorfman, who does business news reports for WCBS, the network's
local station in New York, broke a follow-up story of concern to all
journalists: The Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating evidence
that the nutritionist and his lawyer, along with several CBS employees who may
have been aware of the upcoming negative publicity, had been buying ''put''
options of the stock of G.D. Searle, NutraSweet's manufacturer, in the
expectation that the stock's price would fall.

Mr. Dorfman was not discouraged by CBS from doing his story, and Dan Rather
mentioned the story on that evening's network newscast. It then fell out of
sight, submerged in the attention given a different media embarrassment, the
insider stock trading of a columnist for The Wall Street Journal.

In mid-April, however, the S.E.C. commissioners empowered the staff to launch a
full-scale investigation of the trading in Searle options, with the irritated
drug company saying amen. Meanwhile CBS News directed its deputy counsel, George
Vradenberg, to conduct an internal inquiry to discover if its employees had made
their investments on the basis of inside information about the plans of the
network news.

The S.E.C. investigators did a fairly thorough job looking into the CBS
connection, to the extent of matching the name of a CBS executive to someone
with the same last name in a pharmacy near CBS headquarters who may have traded
the stock. (A blind alley, I think.) They took statements from the three CBS
employees who had bought Searle options and then went off on a different tack,
examining the sources of the story out West, perhaps in an effort to show a new
market-rigging technique: media manipulation for fun and profit.

CBS News then read the sworn statements of its three employees with an eye
toward determining what was the basis of their investment decision. These are
identified only as ''someone in production, a technician, and someone on the
logistical side.'' I'm told the option-buyers say they obtained their
information from market investment letters published before the broadcast rather
than from interoffice scuttlebutt.  ''To date, we don't see an indication of
wrongdoing on the part of a CBS employee,'' affirms Ed Joyce, President of CBS
News. ''There is every indication - at this point, which I emphasize - that this
was generally available knowledge.'' When the S.E.C. is finished, we'll see;
maybe CBS technicians and gophers have their noses so buried in market letters
that they do not know what expose is being planned down the hall. Certainly the
venality of the stock trading at CBS was not of the same magnitude as that of
the faithless columnist at The Wall Street Journal, and as Dan Rather properly
points out, nobody at ''The CBS Evening News'' has been accused of anything.
However, the newspaper chose to front-page its victimization, thereby clinging
to its credibility as an institution with a strict ethical code. CBS News chose
to believe its employees' explanation, pending a Government investigation, and
to remain mum about the whole thing. Except for the gadfly Accuracy in Media,
nobody has hollered.  Although a good argument can always be made for the
presumption of innocence, the lip-zipping at CBS News has been a mistake. The
investigation is news; it hits home; its squelching feeds the suspicion of the
media. ''60 Minutes'' should stake out Black Rock to film the management's
position and the put-buyers' explanations. More than one veteran newsman at the
network thinks the brass has been too quick to forgive.  Larger questions loom:
What is an insider? If a defense contractor is told he will lose a contract to a
competitor, can he then use that information to buy his competitor's stock? On
the other side of the issue: Why should any private citizen have to justify
private investment decisions to his employer or the Government? To go all the
way: Should media influentials be required to reveal their holdings? (I listed
my securities once, and was pelted with mail demanding to know why I was touting
stock.) Individuals in the news business, as in any business, will occasionally
be accused of breaking ethical guidelines. The test of the news organization is
in how it reacts and covers its own reaction. The Wall Street Journal has done
well. We're waiting for CBS News.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: op-ed

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              852 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             THE WEEKEND AUSTRALIAN

                           January 11, 1997, Saturday

What people do when centuries end

BYLINE: DEBORAH HOPE

SECTION: FULLPAGE / REVIEW; Pg. R07

LENGTH: 1056 words


FINS DE SIECLE:

How Centuries End, 1400-2000

Edited by Asa Briggs and Daniel Snowman

Yale University Press, 248pp, $US35

I N the rush of time, the last decade of a century, and especially of a
millennium, offers a miniature portrait of the culture of an era. In the middle
of the third one, for instance, will historians look back and see us in the
1990s perched on the edge of environmental apocalypse, on the verge of a new age
of intergalactic space travel, or (even less likely) on a new and enlightened
era of tolerance and co-operation?

Will the collapse of the Berlin Wall, the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska,
global warming or the AIDS epidemic be deemed as more significant to the world's
future? The 20th century has defied most 19th-century forecasting of what it
would be like and we may never know whether our fatalistic predictions for the
21st century are justified.

British historian Asa Briggs and his co-editor Daniel Snowman ponder these
questions in the introduction to their highly entertaining collection of essays,
Fins de Siecle: How Centuries End, 1400-2000. The pair do not claim any special
metaphysical significance for the last decade of a century but say "it is
impossible not to note how frequently 'a sense of an ending' seems to have
pervaded" the periods observed in the book.

At the end of the 14th century, Britain's population counted time according to
the reigning years of their monarch and fin de siecle had little meaning. Social
turmoil as a result of heavy taxes and a doomsday obsession spared little time
for looking to the future. Coincidentally, the end of the century was also the
end of an era. The ousting of Richard II, the last of the Plantagenets, in 1399,
and his murder in captivity in 1400 left the nation with the temporary but
unsettling image of an empty throne, a fissure in the ruling concept of divine
majesty. A Lancastrian, Henry Bolingbroke, replaced him.

Plague, famine and war ensured that Britons of the 1390s were realistic about
the brevity of life and took a zestful relish in its curiosities. There was
excited discussion when Richard II reopened the tomb of Richard, Earl of
Arundel, to demonstrate his severed head had not rejoined his body; when two
Londoners were served eggs containing the images of the face of a man; and when
a Welsh spring was reported to run with blood for a day.

Two hundred years later, in the last decade of Elizabethan England, the "sense
of corruption, venality and disintegrating public virtue" was palpable. Under
the reign of the ageing queen, bribery and the buying and selling of judicial
and ministerial office had become endemic, and greedy courtiers controlled the
economy through monopolies. In keeping with this atmosphere, the literary vogue
of the times was for Tacitus, whose accounts of the servility and flattery of
imperial Rome under Tiberius offered "chilling contemporary parallels".
Successive armadas from Spain, tax rises to finance the war effort, a crime wave
and a rash of riots and disorder together with crop failures further darkened
the last decade of the 16th century. Unquestioning deference to authority gave
way to a proliferation of cases of seditious language and, in many quarters,
outright refusal to pay the taxes levied. Disorder led to increased repression,
including of sexual behaviour. The mothers of bastards were whipped until their
bac

ks were bloodied. Justice was rough. The average length of a criminal trial in
England was 15 minutes.

Perhaps the most apposite finale was the precociously modern 1690s: a hustling,
bustling, hedonistic decade with strong overtones of the high-living 1980s. This
was the decade of the first yuppies, when frivolity, gambling and greed were the
catchcries. The stock market opened, as did the Bank of England. William III
introduced public borrowing to finance his wars and public lotteries to repay
the debt. A permanent civil service was established to supply and pay for the
war effort.

The new numeracy brought with it a mania for measuring. Edmond Halley (of comet
fame) calculated the area of each English county by cutting it out from a map
and weighing the pieces of paper.

In the home, tea and gin became the beverages of choice. The easy chair was
introduced, opium consumption leapt and a new narcissism was evident in the
ubiquity of mirrors, even in servants'

quarters. Light became more important to interiors and windows were enlarged.

The 1690s also saw the triumph of parliamentary government -Parliament has sat
every year since. The collapse of censorship in 1695 saw an avalanche of print.
Newsletters, periodicals and advertising sheets proliferated, and the first
daily newspaper appeared a few years later, in 1702.

  I N this decade people became seriously interested in spending money. The
ready-made fashion industry emerged, as did the three-piece suit. Collecting
fever gripped the nation.

Paintings, china and bric-a-brac cluttered drawing rooms and for the first time
clocks became commonplace, signalling the arrival of the new work discipline
necessary for industrial revolution.

A new justification for luxury and prodigality, regarded by the majority as
amoral, arose: "Prodigality is a vice that is prejudicial to the man, but not to
trade," wrote the speculative builder Nicolas Barbon in 1714.

But it was the 1890s that was the vital decade.

The inventiveness of the time was staggering.

Radio, the gramophone, cinema, X-rays, the internal combustion engine and diesel
oil were all invented or perfected during the decade, and flying machines of the
future were described. It was the decade of Oscar Wilde's trial, when all kinds
of orthodoxy, even the family, were under attack. A public debate about suicide
raged and London's Daily Chronicle published a posthumous letter by a carpet
designer announcing his forthcoming death. The letter was headed "Tired of
Life". But when we contemplate the fragility of our own times, it's not quite
enough for us to console ourselves with the thought that the future has looked
uncertain at the end of every century. The end of the millennium forces us to
look back not at one century but at 10 -and with that perspective humanity seems
to have nowhere to go but up.

Deborah Hope is a feature writer with The Australian.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              853 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 20, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

The Other Side of Guidelines

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A14; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 430 words


In his June 4 op-ed column on Judge Stephen Breyer, Nat Hentoff echoes the
complaints heard from many federal judges about the federal sentencing
guidelines, which Judge Breyer played a major role in developing and which have
curtailed the wide discretion those judges used to have in sentencing convicted
defendants. Critics of the guidelines say that they prevent judges from imposing
sentences that are appropriate to the defendant and all the other circumstances
bearing on the seriousness of the crime and the defendant's potential for
rehabilitation.

What critics like Mr. Hentoff apparently fail to recognize are the purpose of
the guidelines and the serious abuses that they were designed to eliminate. The
purpose of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, under which the sentencing
guidelines have been promulgated, was to eliminate the tremendous disparities
among sentences imposed by different judges on similarly situated offenders
under the previous system. When judges have discretion to impose any sentence
within a broad range for a given offense, the inevitable result will be a wide
variation in the sentences imposed on individuals who appear to be similarly
situated. This result is not due to any incompetence or venality on the part of
judges; it is simply that different judges will have different views about the
seriousness of a particular offense and different predictions about the
offender's potential for rehabilitation.

This system resulted in variations among sentences that the Senate report on the
1984 Act called "unjustifi[ed]" and "shameful." The most serious consequences of
these variations was that they undermined the perception that the system was
basically fair and evenhanded.

There is nothing so destructive of the rule of law as the perception that
justice is being administered arbitrarily and unequally. Sure, lots of judges
want the power to "individualize" sentences based on their feelings about the
seriousness of the crime and the character of the offender. But that power can
be exercised only at the cost of equal treatment. When the recipients of lenient
individualized sentences happen to be white, well-to-do and represented by
expensive lawyers, the invidious effects are greatest and contribute most to the
sense that there is no justice in the system.

To the extent Judge Breyer has contributed to reducing the arbitrariness in the
federal criminal justice system, he should be commended and thanked, not
dismissed by commentators like Mr. Hentoff as glib and passionless.

RICHARD A. ALLEN

Washington

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              854 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 June 14, 2009
                                   e1 Edition

Cast makes most of over-ripe, over-plotted suspense

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 792 words


POOR Stephen Collins. Not the veteran Seventh Heaven actor, but the US
congressman from Pennsylvania, whose woes are at the centre of State of Play, an
enjoyably trashy thriller. Representative Collins (Ben Affleck) has been having
an affair with a pretty young staffer who turns up dead, minutes before he is
scheduled to lead hearings probing possible corruption by an American defence
contractor in Iraq. She had been doing research on the matter, but,
conveniently, fell in front of a speeding DC subway.

No one seems to know whether she jumped or was pushed. But the crazy camerawork
and screeching on the soundtrack don't leave much to the imagination: Freddy
Krueger did it. Regardless, Collins is in trouble. The world is now talking
about his extramarital love instead of the nasty contractor. And his beautiful,
beleaguered wife (Robin Wright Penn) has to stand by him during the press
conference.

The only person able to help is Cal McCaffrey (Russell Crowe), Collins's college
roommate, who happens to be a big-deal investigative reporter for the Washington
Globe. For some reason, it's Cal who advises the congressman how to spin this
story in his favour. For instance, put the mistress's last lovey-dovey
camera-phone message on YouTube.

Cal has devoted his career to getting at the truth - sorry, The Truth. This time
he puts his career on the line to get at what Stephen Colbert might refer to |as
the ultimate truthiness. Of course, Cal's intimate connection to Mr and Mrs
Collins amounts to what's typically called a conflict of interest.

But Cal's imperious English editor (Helen Mirren) doesn't seem to dwell on that.
She is under pressure from the new corporate ownership to print more sizzling
stories. Furthermore, The Truth doesn't care about such ethical dilemmas.
Neither does this brand of overripe, over-plotted suspense.

State of Play has been condensed and recontextualised from a nearly six-hour
2003 BBC mini-series. A sheen of British toniness increased the shock value of
the tawdrier developments (how could someone with such crisp diction do that?).
The American version uses a screenplay patched together from the contributions
of the credited writers - Tony Gilroy (Michael Clayton, Duplicity), Matthew
Michael Carnahan (Lions for Lambs, The Kingdom) and Billy Ray (Shattered Glass,
Breach). The result is like an expensive video-store shelf devoted to high-level
venality.

If the film has a hero, in many ways it's the print news industry. The movie
opens with papers dashing through the presses and closes with a shot of a
delivery truck. It's a romance between Hollywood and the Fourth Estate that's
almost as old as film itself. Newspapers, the movie argues, are the nasty old
government's watchdog. Without them, it's all Glenn Beck all the time.

So State of Play moves between the dais and the dumpster, railing against
government corruption and corporate monopolies, while putting the veteran
newspaperman and his imperilled industry on a timely pedestal. While Collins
presses on with his hearings, Cal begins to dig into the dead girl's past,
meanwhile turning up unsavoury revelations about her and his old friend. He does
so armed with the editor-mandated assistance of Della Frye (Rachel McAdams), who
writes the paper's saucy Capitol Hill blog but has a thing or two to learn about
"real reporting".

Director Kevin MacDonald keeps Cal and Della moving from one scene of danger to
another with the pace of an airport thriller. Were State of Play an actual
paperback, the only reason to put it down would be to wipe the grease off your
hands. A parking lot foot chase between Cal and a relentless contract killer
produces the amusing sight of Crowe holding on to a speeding Volvo for dear
life. It's pedestrian but fun, despite itself. You could say the same about the
movie.

The material better suits MacDonald's slickness than his previous stab at
goosing politics for chills, 2006's Idi Amin horror show, The Last King of
Scotland. The pulpy glee in State of Play comes at the expense of a few
fictitious dead people, as opposed to the slaughter of thousands in Scotland.
The tastelessness is palatable.

A lot of what we see in State of Play is comically on loan from elsewhere - a
junkie in possession of key information looks like a refugee from American
remakes of Asian horror movies, and the killer could double as an avatar from
the first-person shooter game of your choice. The overall lack of subtlety is a
riot - there's even a cautionary production of Peter and the Wolf happening in
the background during one journalist-politician showdown at a Beltway gala.

Still, it's a pleasure watching this cast make the most of the material. Affleck
is very good in the film's silliest role. - |The Boston Globe

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 15, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

SYDNEY 2000: THE OVERVIEW;
The Games Are Finally Here, Even if They Are Over There

BYLINE: By JERE LONGMAN

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1346 words

DATELINE: SYDNEY, Australia, Friday, Sept. 15


A beleaguered Olympic movement sought to sustain its viability and to shift its
focus toward the possibilities of international brotherhood and the achievements
of the world's greatest athletes as the 27th Summer Games open today in what is
late winter in the Southern Hemisphere.

The 110,000-seat Olympic Stadium in this sports-mad country was sold out as
10,500 athletes from 199 nations readied to march in the opening ceremonies,
viewed as a restorative, celebratory pageant that would deflect attention from
the ominous threats of corruption, burdensome size and the perception that
performance-enhancing drugs are used pervasively.

Athletes from North and South Korea were scheduled to march together, a symbol
of the hopes of reuniting the bitterly divided peninsula, and four athletes from
East Timor were to march as individuals under the Olympic flag, granted special
entry into the Games even though the embattled island has no independent
government and no Olympic committee.

Australia fielded the largest Olympic team, with 628 athletes, led by the flag
bearer, Andrew Gaze, who played for Seton Hall University in the 1989 national
collegiate basketball championship game. The United States had a contingent of
603 athletes, including the sprinter Marion Jones, who is attempting to become
the first female track and field athlete to win five gold medals in one
Olympics.

Team competition has already begun, with the American women's soccer team
winning Thursday night and the men's soccer team playing to a tie the night
before. Individual competition will begin Saturday morning.

Australia is expected to win its first gold medal in the triathlon and to follow
with another victory Saturday night by the freestyle swimming sensation Ian
Thorpe, who is 17 years old and wears a size 17 shoe. His large feet help propel
him through the water like flippers.

It is the hope of the International Olympic Committee, Sydney organizers,
worldwide broadcasters and corporate sponsors, who have billions invested in the
success of these Games, that spectators and television viewers will make a clear
distinction between the revelations of official venality in the Salt Lake City
bribery scandal and the remarkable performances that are certain to be achieved
here in the pool and on the track.

Steven Redgrave, the British rower, is attempting to become the first athlete to
win gold medals in five Olympic Games. Alexsandr Popov, the Russian swimmer, is
seeking to win the 50- and 100-meter freestyles for the third consecutive Summer
Games, as is the Australian Kieren Perkins in the 1,500-meter swim event. One of
the most poignant stories of the Games will involve Hicham el-Guerrouj, the
Moroccan world record-holder in the 1,500-meter run, who is seeking redemption
after falling with one lap remaining and finishing last four years ago at the
Atlanta Games.

For Australia, the Sydney Games will be presented to the United States and the
rest of the world as a kind of travelogue, showcasing the Opera House, the
crisply azure weather, along with the good humor and inestimable friendliness of
the people.

Australia's swimmers, who are the most popular Olympians, will be accorded
rock-star status. And the attempt to win a gold medal by the world champion
Cathy Freeman in the 400-meter run will bring attention to the plight of the
Aborigines, Australia's indigenous people who have been marginalized by European
settlers the past two centuries.

Anger and indifference seemed to prevail among Australians as the Games
approached. Both of the country's I.O.C. delegates have been compromised by
scandal, Phil Coles for excessive travel and gift taking in the Salt Lake City
episode, and Kevan Gosper for giving his daughter a preferred spot in the torch
relay. Organizers were embarrassed by a ticket fiasco in which 500,000 of the
best seats were withheld for corporate bigwigs. More than 1.5 million tickets
remain unsold.

But Sydney appears to be warming up for the Games. Ticket lines are long, school
kids are out on Olympic holiday and the interlocking Olympic rings hang from the
Harbor Bridge.

As one of the only remaining connections that an ordinary person can have to the
heavily commercialized Olympics, the torch relay has been exceedingly popular
here. Photographs of each torch bearer have appeared in local newspapers and
tens of thousands of people have showed up daily to watch the torch on its
procession to the Olympic Stadium.

"Ordinary people want to believe in the Olympics," said Richard Cashman,
director of the Center for Olympic Studies at New South Wales University. "They
might think the officials are hopeless and crooked and greedy and arrogant, but
they still get excited. The Olympics are part of Australian identity. People
admire our best athletes as moral exemplars. I suppose this is the biggest event
in our history. It's a quasi-religious festival; ceremonies like the torch relay
and the lighting of the torch are very powerful."

Frequently isolated from the mainstream sporting world by distance, seasonal
differences in the Southern Hemisphere and unfamiliar sports like cricket, rugby
and Australian rules football, Australia for the first time since the 1956
Melbourne Games will play host to the largest multisport event on the planet.

At the same time, that world stage is creaking under the burgeoning size of the
Summer Games, a troublesome weight that threatens the manageability of the
Olympics for any host city. Organizers recently needed a $140 million bailout
from state government underwriters as sponsorship targets were not reached and
the budget for the Sydney Games swelled to $1.8 billion.

Sydney's transportation system will be groaning to deliver 50,000 people an hour
-- as many as 500,000 total on the busiest days -- to Olympic Park, where the
Olympic Stadium, pool, basketball and gymnastics arena and baseball stadium are
located and where there is limited public space for moving around.

Already, the public transportation system is struggling like Atlanta's did, with
drivers unfamiliar with their routes and athletes missing training sessions
because their buses were late.

"I'd be deeply concerned about the economic model and how much stress it can
take putting on the Games," said David D'Alessandro, president of John Hancock
Financial Services, one of a dozen worldwide Olympic sponsors.

The weather will also play a significant factor in the success or failure of
these Games. Strong winds have blown down electrical lines on the train system
to Olympic Park, and have interfered with training at the rowing site; some
races may have to be held single file instead of side by side, so boats do not
knock into each other. Sprinters will be facing a stiff headwind at Olympic
Stadium, which could preclude any world records in track and field.

Further diminishing the credibility of athletic performances here is a
deficiency in drug testing. A new test for the endurance-enhancing drug EPO will
be used, but the test will only punish athletes caught using the drug in the
previous three days. And there will be no tests for human growth hormone,
insulin growth factor and artificial blood, doping that is believed to be widely
used.

So while the Olympics profess to be the purest form of sport, not a single
performance at the Sydney Games will escape the cloud of suspicion caused by the
use of performance-enhancing drugs.

"It's a good first step, but I'd say we're only a third of the way there," said
Gen. Barry McCaffrey, head of the White House drug policy office who is here to
help monitor the drug-testing procedures.

A successful Games will undoubtedly lift a sagging Olympic movement, while a
failure could deal a punishing blow with the uncertainty of Athens's
preparations for the 2004 Summer Games.

"The desire on the part of Sydney is to make the Games fun," said Richard
Palfreyman, a spokesman for the Olympic organizing committee. "The pressure is
on us to deliver a great Games that keep the Olympic movement running past
Sydney."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 26, 2000, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

An article on Sept. 15 about the start of the Summer Olympics misstated the
precedents faced by the rower Steven Redgrave in his effort to win a gold medal
in each of five Olympics. He would be the third athlete, not the first, to
accomplish that.  The Hungarian fencer Aladar Gerevich won gold medals in six
Olympics, and his teammate Pal Kovacs won gold in five.


GRAPHIC: Photos: Phil Coles, an I.O.C. member from Australia, carrying the
Olympic torch in Sydney. Tens of thousands have showed up daily to watch the
torch's progress. (Barton Silverman/The New York Times); The Sydney Harbor
Bridge above the Opera House. (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              856 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

Lawyer's memoir ultimately about us, not him

BYLINE: Bill Newman

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1094  words


I want to share with you a story about compassion and courage, life and death,
despair and jubilation. I want to tell you about Bryan Stevenson.

In 1986, I traveled to Georgia to meet Stevenson, an African-American attorney
who grew up in the 1960s in the segregated, confederate-flag-displaying eastern
shore of Maryland. He and I were representing a young man on Georgia's death
row. I had not previously worked on a capital case. In contrast, most of
Stevenson's clients were on the row.

When I arrived at his office address, I found no sign and no lights and the door
locked, dead-bolted. The reason for the anonymity, I would soon learn, was bomb
threats directed at him and his colleagues at the Southern Prisoners Defense
Committee.

Stevenson and I spent a day that week combing through boxes of exhibits at the
clerk's office in the courthouse where our client's trial had been held. We also
interviewed local witnesses and visited the scene of the crime.

As twilight approached and we were about to head back to Atlanta, a three- or
four-hour drive through largely deserted swaths of south Georgia, I commented on
the large white American car tailing us. In as light-hearted a tone as I could
muster, I asked Stevenson if he thought we were about to die. He responded that
he thought we'd be OK. I then asked whether his work ever made him afraid. He
answered by telling me about the time he drove to a small rural town to meet a
newly charged black murder client, past a sig n with hand-scrawled letters that
said, "Welcome to Klan Country. "

In "Just Mercy," an exquisitely written memoir and exposé, Stevenson uses as a
lodestar the story of his post-conviction death row client Walter McMillian.
Shortly after he filed his appearance for McMillian, Judge Robert E. Lee Key
telephoned Stevenson to demand that he withdraw from the case.

As Stevenson, in response to the judge's reasons for that demand, was explaining
that he was a member of the Alabama bar, that he would represent McMillian pro
bono, and that he wasn't seeking a court appointment, a dial tone interrupted.
The judge had hung up on him. It was Stevenson's welcome to litigating
post-conviction relief claims for inmates on Alabama's death row.

McMillian had been convicted of murder and sentenced to die even though he had a
truthful and ironclad alibi. Many factors contributed to this travesty: mediocre
(at best) representation at trial, police perjury and coercion of witnesses, the
jury's racism, and the venality and dishonesty of both prosecutors and judges.

As the founder and executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative in
Montgomery, Stevenson does more than achieve relief -- win freedom, life, new
trials and shorter sentences for people on death row -- something he has
accomplished more than 100 times.

Those victories include the vindication and release of Walter McMillian after 10
years on the row. In our case, with Greenfield attorney Buz Eisenberg who later
joined our defense team, we won in federal court a new penalty phase trial and
in state court a sentence of life with the possibility of parole. There is more.

Stevenson's arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court have stopped courts from
imposing automatic life-without-parole sentences on kids for homicides (Miller
v. Alabama) and other crimes (see, Sullivan v. Florida and Graham v. Florida);
proven ineffective assistance to the high court's satisfaction (Hinton v.
Alabama); and forged a way to challenge particularly heinous methods of
execution (Nelson v. Campbell). His successes are extraordinary.

But as dedicated, knowledgeable, creative and indefatigable as Stevenson is, his
high-stakes practice -- as it inevitably must -- has brought some heartbreak.
Some cases, notwithstanding their compelling claims of injustice and
constitutional deprivations, cannot be repaired. "Just Mercy" shows how
procedural default and ineffective assistance have become leading causes of
death in American prisons.

Consider Herbert Richardson, who telephoned Stevenson in July 1989 and explained
that he had an execution date but no lawyer. From death row, Richardson said,
"Mr. Stevenson, I have 29 days left, and I don't think I can make it if there is
no hope at all. "

Stevenson took the case. He filed motions and petitions and requests for a stay
in state and federal courts, including -- with some realistic hope of success --
at the Supreme Court, but all his pleadings were denied. Shortly before he was
executed, Richardson said to Stevenson, "Thank you. I know this isn't easy for
you, either, but I'm grateful to you for standing with me. "

Please allow me this reflection: I don't have many heroes. Generally speaking,
people are too flawed for me to enshrine them with that moniker in my mind.
There are, of course, exceptions. One is Nelson Mandela, and Nobel Prize
laureate Desmond Tutu describes Stevenson as "America's young Nelson Mandela. "
I agree. For me, Bryan Stevenson is a hero.

Another personal note: I don't cry often, but "Just Mercy" made me cry. The
stories of botched executions; of abused and beaten children prosecuted as
adults and condemned to die; of poor women criminalized when a pregnancy went
wrong; of Vietnam vets whose bodies and minds were mangled in the jungles of
Southeast Asia -- these stories are that compelling.

And Stevenson himself is that compelling. His intellect and humanity, his warmth
and grace, his goodness -- these qualities make him the person and lawyer that
most of us in our very best moments can only aspire to emulate.

In the introduction to "Just Mercy," Stevenson writes that the law's commitment
to fairness and equality should be measured not by how we treat the powerful and
privileged, but rather by how we treat "the poor, the disfavored, the accused,
the incarcerated, and the condemned. "

Ultimately, "Just Mercy" is not about Stevenson, his colleagues, his clients or
his adversaries. It's about us; how anger and fear can make us so vindictive
that we all suffer from the absence of mercy.

As Stevenson writes, "The closer we get to mass incarceration and extreme levels
of punishment, the more ... we all need mercy (and] justice, and -- perhaps --
some measure of unmerited grace. "

"Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption"

By Bryan Stevenson

Spiegel & Grau; 2014

352 pages; $28



Bill Newman is the director of the western regional office of the ACLU of
Massachusetts and the author of "When the War Came Home. "



http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 First Edition

The Twin Towers lose their hallowed glow;
FICTION

BYLINE: Reviewed by Robert Bevan. Robert Bevan is the author of The Destruction
of Memory: Architecture at War (Reaktion Books).

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Books; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 541 words


A Disorder Peculiar to the Country

By Ken Kalfus

Simon & Schuster, 237pp, $29.95

IN JULY THIS year, Manhattan doctor Nicholas Bartha blew up his townhouse rather
than have his ex-wife get a share of its sale proceeds. Bartha was more
successful with his explosion than the fictional Marshall, estranged husband of
Joyce, in Ken Kalfus's new novel A Disorder Peculiar to the Country.

It is the story of a vicious New York divorce set against the backdrop of the
events of September 11, 2001, and its aftermath. In its most absurdist scene,
Joyce is helping Marshall repair his homemade suicide bomber's belt, which he
wears into the kitchen, intending to blow up the family apartment that each
refuses to leave: She put down the carrot and the peeler and sighed wearily.
"Let me see." "I can fix it myself," he declared. "Don't be an arsehole." "Too
late." She said: "Do you want me to look at it or don't you?"

By sheer chance, Marshall is late for work and thus escapes the collapse of the
World Trade Centre towers. Joyce is booked on the flight that crashes in
Pennsylvania, but cancels at the last minute. Each is disappointed at the
other's survival.

Spare prose and brittle humour join forces in a battle royal in which a
disintegrating marriage is a metaphor for war rather than vice versa. Feelings
between Joyce and Marshall acquire the "intensity of something historic, tribal,
ethnic". Watching TV reports from the Balkans or the West Bank, "they would
think, yes, yes, yes, that's how I feel about you". They hate each other as only
two people who are closely bound can - as intimate enemies.

Kalfus has said that by glorifying the hero-victims of 9/11, the dead are being
dehumanised, "robbed of the particularness of their normally messy lives".
Statistically, he argues, there must have been at least a few partners of the
dead who were actually relieved to be set free.

From this starting point, he builds a tall, satirical tale in parallel to the
historic edifice of CNN-filtered events leading up to the invasion of Iraq:
anthrax, Afghanistan, al-Qaeda. Never hiding his intent - which would be
impossible, anyway - the political is overtly personalised. Sometimes these are
signposted in giant Times Square letters: their son smashing a vase with a toy
plane, for instance. Other parallels emerge subtly, such as a sinister house
party that takes on the character of Abu Ghraib. "There's no analogy here,"
objects Marshall at one point in the face of a whole mess of the stuff.

Kalfus's is a misanthropic and hellish vision, tackling the venality, narcissism
and appropriated victimhood of many New Yorkers. It's very different from other
post-9/11 novels like Jonathan Safran Foer's Extremely Loud and Incredibly
Close, seen through the bewildered eyes of the son of a victim, or John Updike's
Terrorist, giving the perspective of a budding Islamicist extremist. Like Ian
McEwan's more oblique Saturday, Kalfus uses the domestic to comment on the
worldly.

The narrative has a deliberate quality of unreality, yet the book works because
the human responses are sensitively observed and real. The description of
Marshall's escape from the Twin Towers, with falling bodies splitting like
strange, rotten fruit at his feet, is unforgettable.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Marriage that bombed ... remains of the Bartha home in New York.
Photo: Sharzad Elghanayan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 18, 2015 Friday
                                 Every Edition

No cheers for Boston's bad guy

BYLINE: Ann Hornaday

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. T25

LENGTH: 798 words


Johnny Depp returns to form as Whitey Bulger, who - for better or worse - is
never likable

Johnny Depp delivers a frigid, dead-eyed performance as ruthless South Boston
gangster James "Whitey" Bulger in "Black Mass," a somber-toned dramatization of
how Bulger manipulated the local FBI to become a pawn in his criminal game.
Director Scott Cooper does an admirable job of de-valorizing the kinds of
characters that Martin Scorsese has made a career of colorfully mythologizing.

But therein lies the rub: As a movie purposely lacking in the kind of sweep,
brio and anthropological detail of crime dramas like "GoodFellas" and Francis
Ford Coppola's "Godfather" cycle, "Black Mass" winds up being as dreary and
mundane as the thugs and plug-uglies it's about.

Many viewers probably know the rough contours of Bulger's story. He was a
beloved and feared figure in South Boston throughout the 1970s and 1980s,
subsequently going on the lam for 16 years, until an anonymous tip led to his
capture in 2011. He's serving consecutive life sentences for racketeering and
involvement in 11 murders.

Framed as the story told to prosecutors by Bulger's former associate Kevin Weeks
(Jesse Plemons),"Black Mass" is mostly told in flashback. The plot is set in
motion when Bulger begins working with FBI agent John Connolly (Joel Edgerton),
an old neighbor and friend of Bulger's brother Billy (Benedict Cumberbatch), who
at the time is a powerful state senator.

The psychological push-pull between the Bulger brothers and Connolly alone would
provide "Black Mass" with a fascinating cat-and-mouse dynamic. Boys who once
played cops and robbers on the playground, as Weeks observes, are now playing
them in real life. But Cooper, working from a script by Mark Mallouk and Jez
Butterworth, keeps the story literal and linear, bouncing from a shot of Jimmy
Bulger (no one in the know ever called him "Whitey") tenderly helping an old
lady with her groceries to a scene in which he casually shoots a colleague's
brains out on a deserted riverbank.

To Cooper's credit, the violence in "Black Mass" is never depicted as anything
but the sadistic, stupid venality that it is. But even with Depp working at the
top of his game - blue contact lenses, slicked-back hair, cock-of-the-walk strut
and rotten teeth included - Bulger remains a forbiddingly recessive figure. The
film suggests that having been given 50 tabs of LSD during an early prison
stint, as well as the loss of his young son, may explain why he became
increasingly psychotic. (As for the child's mother, played by Dakota Johnson,
she disappears without a trace once the character has served her narrative
purpose.) Those psychological speculations quickly evanesce in a narrative that
spends relatively little time with its central protagonist, who remains a
collection of  tics and contradictions rather than a fully realized character.

Connolly, who had the idea of enlisting the Irish American Bulger as an ally in
eradicating the Italian mob in Boston's North End, isn't much more compelling.
Looking puffy and punch-drunk, Edgerton uses "Black Mass" mostly to burnish his
Southie drawl, as does a regrettably underused Cumberbatch. With f-bombs and
rub-outs flying, comparisons to "GoodFellas" are inevitable, especially when
Bulger's Winter Hill Gang goes south to Florida to take charge of the jai alai
gambling racket.

At this point, "Black Mass" takes on the predictable rhythms of a procedural
we've seen before, with the familiar puffed-up male codes of honor, loyalty and
aggression - minus the unique attributes of a story in which those same codes
animate the collusion between criminals and law enforcement at its most
breathtakingly cynical. For all its style, atmosphere and acting chops, "Black
Mass" winds up being a respectable but unremarkable alternative within a canon
of films that for decades have depicted their protagonists as romanticized
rebels and anti-heroes. The bitter irony: What "Black Mass" gains in moral
honesty, it loses in dramatic momentum. Even filmmakers and actors as fine as
these haven't managed to solve one of cinema's most enduring challenges -
making criminals interesting without exalting them.

ann.hornaday@washpost.com

R.  At area theaters. Contains brutal violence, crude language throughout, some
sexual references and brief drug use. 122 minutes

BioPage
https://www.washingtonpost.com/people/ann-hornaday
Description                                                    Movie Name
Black Mass                                    Movie Website
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1355683/?ref_=nv_sr_1
Stars for this movie              2

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      January 16, 2004 Friday Home Edition

THEATER REVIEW: Who's crazier, the shrink or the patient?

BYLINE: WENDELL BROCK

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Movies & More; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 717 words


THEATER REVIEW

"Blue/Orange"

8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays; 2 p.m. Sunday and Feb. 1 and 8; 5 p.m. Jan. 25.
(Cast understudies will perform at 7 p.m. Sunday.) Through Feb. 13.
$21.50-$26.75. Actor's Express, King Plow Arts Center, 887 W. Marietta St. N.W.,
Suite J-107, Atlanta. 404-607-7469, www.actors-express.com.

The verdict: Some extraordinary acting redeems a sometimes purplish play.

Joe Penhall's "Blue/Orange," in which two British psychiatrists argue over the
diagnosis of a lovable lunatic, has the tenor of a Hollywood potboiler. A
strident young professional gets ground to a pulp by his so-called mentor, while
their patient/pawn all but drowns in the spew of passion, ego, hubris and
betrayal that ensues. It's a game of gotcha in which everyone loses, good guys
turn bad, and the crazily chattering clown turns out to be a wise hero.

Such overwrought conflicts can be superbly entertaining, and Actor's Express
Artistic Director Jasson Minadakis' riveting treatment of this brutal dark
comedy and scathing social critique never disappoints. More than anything, this
in-the-round staging is a marvelous showcase of acting detail, thanks largely to
the presence of newcomer Aaron Todd Douglas (who plays borderline psycho
Christopher) and the long-overdue return to the stage of Georgia Shakespeare
Festival Producing Artistic Director Richard Garner (as the senior shrink
Robert).

Garner, who has built one of the city's finest ensembles of actors, proves
himself a nimble and competitive player. As Robert --- who argues for the
release of the young man whom fledgling analyst Bruce (Daniel May) wants to
declare schizophrenic --- Garner charts his character's transformation from a
laid-back humanitarian to a ruthless Machiavellian bent on destroying his
subordinate's career. As one of Atlanta's best Shakespeare directors, Garner
knows a thing or two about the serpentine venality of the human heart (see Iago)
and the blind barbarism of ambition (see "Macbeth").

His Robert, who first comes across as a lusty, carefree blue-collar bloke done
good, hardens into a vicious and conniving interloper who loses the audience's
trust by virtue of his moral slipperiness. He knows how to press Bruce's
buttons, and if he twists the facts a bit to his own service, then so be it.
May's Bruce is so uptight that his skin appears on the verge of hives, yet the
actor holds back for a series of Vesuvian eruptions that capture a soul who's
vulnerable and full of remorse, then bitterly angry and abusive.

To its credit, Penhall's wordy play uses bristling dialogue and shifting
sympathies to pose questions about who is crazy and who is not, about
patient-doctor confidentiality and racial profiling. Is Christopher
institutionalized because he's black or because he's mentally ill? Is he just a
lonely homeless outsider who is faking an illness to get shelter and
companionship? Given their positions of power and responsibility and their
ultimate negligence, the psychiatrists seem a much greater threat to society
than their charge.

And that brings us to Christopher, whom Douglas plays as a sweet, albeit
emotionally volatile teddy bear of a man. Jonesing for caffeine and nicotine,
euphoric over the possibility of freedom, Christopher is a cagey, pacing,
gesticulating, finger-popping case.

Without ever overacting, Douglas punctuates his every onstage moment with an
expressive gesture or telling physical tic. As funny as he is heartbreaking, he
gives a performance that makes him the peer of Jeffrey Wright or Mos Def, and we
would like very much to see this Chicago-based actor work onstage in Atlanta
again.

Minadakis has the city's first full-fledged theatrical hit of 2004 on his hands.
Though the first two plays of his tenure were shaky works of literature,
Minadakis is a highly skilled director with a tasteful visual aesthetic.

Here, Joseph P. Monaghan III has designed a handsome and simple set, and costume
artist Jamie Bullins accentuates the play's titular colors in the selection of
ties, T-shirts and tweeds. Everything is blue and orange, but the effect is
subtle and subliminal.

Whatever the flaws of this British playwright's script, we can't help but
diagnose this production as a heady and provocative choice. Well done.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Christopher (Aaron Todd Douglas) is the pawn in two sparring
psychiatrists' game. / TERRY THOMAS / Actor's Express

TYPE: Review

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              860 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                  May 06, 2012
                                   E2 Edition

Corruption poses many dangers for the future

SECTION: DISPATCHES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1500 words


The release of the Corruption Watch report on corruption within the Johannesburg
Metropolitan Police Department gives rise to a need to draw parallels between SA
and other African countries on how they addressed corruption after emancipation.

Ayi Kwei Armah's The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born depicts a protagonist known
as "the man" who refuses to indulge in corruption in Ghana. Everyone else around
him had succumbed to greed and rot following the overthrow of Kwame Nkrumah,
Ghana's first president.

The protagonist (the man) strives to remain focused, clean and innocent in a
country characterised by gluttony, rot or corruption.

Corruption and greed are the central themes of Armah's book. This cancer was
eating away the fibre of Ghanaian society between 1965's Passion Week and
February 25, 1966. Accordingly, the man was trying to deconstruct and comprehend
the reality of post-independence in his country owing to the debilitating sway
corruption had on Ghana.

The novel highlights the frustration many societies have had to contend with in
Africa after achieving political independence. The two fundamental questions
that need to be posed and honestly responded to are: is SA's contemporary state
a carbon copy of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born? How far apart is SA's
anatomy from Armah's novel?

The notion of corruption could be open to different interpretation. It could be
(mis)read as a trope for a society that legitimises sheer public robbery. Such
an idea is tellingly expressed by the current state of SA society. The elephant
in the room is venality, instant gratification and conspicuous consumption. It
creates a possibility for helplessness, vulnerability and hopelessness.

In such an environment, indecorous demeanour defines the nature, seriousness,
emptiness and warped missive directed at reasonable people. Corruption flouts
openness, accountability, responsibility and governance.

Corruption, at its wickedest, provides an epic moment of group morality and
group think devoid of integrity and sincerity. It is a touchstone of venality,
vice and has become a byword for deception.

On a more prosaic note, corruption could trigger political and economic
volatility. Corruption has robbed us of a cardinal element of legitimacy. It can
lead to widespread social unrest and discourage foreign direct investment.
Menacingly, it facilitates the pilfering of financial resources from the
downtrodden into the pockets of the political leadership. It is lamentable that
infrastructure from the erstwhile homeland system was not reconfigured to
address the challenges of the democratic moment. Revealingly, the system of
separate development characterised by the homeland system was in keeping with
sustaining the divisive apartheid juggernaut. There were belongings that
deserved to be done away with. Other programmes could have been refocused or
remodelled in sync with the central challenges of the moment.

An objective observation (in the post-apartheid system) of the degradation and
dilapidation of former capital cities such as Mmabatho, Bisho, Umtata, Giyani,
Thohoyandou, Lebowakgomo and KaNgwane, among others, leaves a lump in the
throat.

For instance, Paul Maylam contends that the "stress on the discontinuity between
the segregation era and apartheid is part of the South African liberal
mythology". In the current context, Mamphela Ramphele pointed out at the launch
of Round 2 of the Open Society Monitoring Index that "many of the contracts were
secured by companies experienced in the art of lubricating tender processes".

This is one of the pervasive public corruptions. Compounding that, corruption
has become a magnet for quick-rich schemes for entrepreneurs, thus becoming an
acceptable part of the SA liberal mythology. SA may soon gain notoriety as a
Mafia state where corruption has been institutionalised. Taken further, the Arab
Spring that played itself out in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya may even gravitate to
SA. That would be the mark of SA's folklore. That would be the bane of
corruption on the soul and reputation of the country.

It militates against the national economic interest to remove binding
constraints on sustainable socio-economic development.

The phenomenon of corruption does not create a possibility to improve policy
certainty and predictability. It is by far one of the institutional hurdles in
socio-economic transformation. The release of the Corruption Watch report on
corruption within the Johannesburg Metropolitan Police Department is a living
testimony to the corrosive effect. Unsurprisingly, the rating agency Standard
and Poor's has cut SA's outlook from stable to negative.

On the positive is an active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship call for
ethical and responsible leadership for the sustenance of constitutional
democracy.

The orientation, consciousness and paradigm of thinking of citizens determine
the altitude or legitimacy of human development at the centre of societal
discourse. Misguided populism and vague notions of liberation will not help in
the realisation of the material conditions and maturity of political economy and
business. These are some of the issues that Michela Wrong warned about in her
profound magnum opus It's Our Turn to Eat: The Story of a Kenyan Whistle-Blower.
John Githongo's determination to root out corruption in Kenya without warming up
to ethnic affinity helped to restore decorum and the integrity of the
government's commitment to good governance.

Further, the Presidential Infrastructure Co-ordinating Commission intends,
through the government's recently adopted infrastructure plan, to transform the
economic landscape of SA and strengthen the delivery of basic services to the
people. The realisation of projected economic growth and areas of the country
based on the myriad Strategic Integrated Projects offer policy makers, organised
labour and business leaders the fulcrum to increased integration into the world
economy.

This, for instance, supports the 2011-2012 The Global Competitiveness Report's
recognition of the qualitative as well as the quantitative aspects of growth,
integrating such concepts as inclusiveness and environmental sustainability to
provide a fuller picture of what is needed and what works. In essence, this
provides primary thoughts on how to understand and measure value through
investor confidence by defining sustainable competitiveness in socio-economic,
geo-political, social and environmental terms. These constitute the job drivers
and enablers that could create a circle for inclusiveness, competitiveness and
improved economic growth. It is about contributing towards the founding of a
national consensus through the integration, co-ordination and alignment of
sectoral strategies against corruption.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, US Secretary of State, remarked at Transparency
International-USA's Annual Integrity Award Dinner on March 22 that there are
many dedicated people who serve by waking up every single morning trying to
figure out what more we can do to reduce corruption, to create transparency,
accountability, and better governance. She added that these people never receive
awards and their names are not likely to be known. But they are fighting the
fight day in and day out.

Undoubtedly, Clinton's reflection on the people's fight is the personification
of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born's protagonist (the man) who strives to
remain attentive, unsoiled and guiltless in a country characterised by
voraciousness, rot or corruption. It is by far not a representation of the icon
of purity and cleanliness. Money-making, modernity and plenitude of material
goods must not merely amount to whimsical fantasising of future possibilities.

The central lessons for SA's experience is that it is about time we get our
priorities right. This is proceeding from the premise that we must get back to
basics in the improvement of the human condition and development. It is
principally about contributing towards the establishment of a national consensus
through the alignment of sectoral orientations or strategies against corruption.
This will have to include strategic orientation for the separation between state
and party, thus ushering in active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship. That
is crucial to a society's welfare and soundness. That is, we need to avoid the
collective underestimation of the critical work needed to cure the
socio-political schizophrenia that blights the competitiveness and growth of the
country.

We all are integral parts of a bigger stake in society and inextricably linked
to the South African liberal mythology. We must not be caught eating forbidden
fruits or securing our livelihoods by "lubricating tender processes". This will
usher in a new possibility of experience where greediness and putrefaction are
left far behind and tranquillity or innocence is the watchword.

Ultimately, corruption shall not become a timeless phenomenon.

l Sibuyi is a PHD student at the University of the Witwatersrand

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                  May 06, 2012
                                   E2 Edition

Corruption poses many dangers for the future

SECTION: DISPATCHES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1500 words


The release of the Corruption Watch report on corruption within the Johannesburg
Metropolitan Police Department gives rise to a need to draw parallels between SA
and other African countries on how they addressed corruption after emancipation.

Ayi Kwei Armah's The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born depicts a protagonist known
as "the man" who refuses to indulge in corruption in Ghana. Everyone else around
him had succumbed to greed and rot following the overthrow of Kwame Nkrumah,
Ghana's first president.

The protagonist (the man) strives to remain focused, clean and innocent in a
country characterised by gluttony, rot or corruption.

Corruption and greed are the central themes of Armah's book. This cancer was
eating away the fibre of Ghanaian society between 1965's Passion Week and
February 25, 1966. Accordingly, the man was trying to deconstruct and comprehend
the reality of post-independence in his country owing to the debilitating sway
corruption had on Ghana.

The novel highlights the frustration many societies have had to contend with in
Africa after achieving political independence. The two fundamental questions
that need to be posed and honestly responded to are: is SA's contemporary state
a carbon copy of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born? How far apart is SA's
anatomy from Armah's novel?

The notion of corruption could be open to different interpretation. It could be
(mis)read as a trope for a society that legitimises sheer public robbery. Such
an idea is tellingly expressed by the current state of SA society. The elephant
in the room is venality, instant gratification and conspicuous consumption. It
creates a possibility for helplessness, vulnerability and hopelessness.

In such an environment, indecorous demeanour defines the nature, seriousness,
emptiness and warped missive directed at reasonable people. Corruption flouts
openness, accountability, responsibility and governance.

Corruption, at its wickedest, provides an epic moment of group morality and
group think devoid of integrity and sincerity. It is a touchstone of venality,
vice and has become a byword for deception.

On a more prosaic note, corruption could trigger political and economic
volatility. Corruption has robbed us of a cardinal element of legitimacy. It can
lead to widespread social unrest and discourage foreign direct investment.
Menacingly, it facilitates the pilfering of financial resources from the
downtrodden into the pockets of the political leadership. It is lamentable that
infrastructure from the erstwhile homeland system was not reconfigured to
address the challenges of the democratic moment. Revealingly, the system of
separate development characterised by the homeland system was in keeping with
sustaining the divisive apartheid juggernaut. There were belongings that
deserved to be done away with. Other programmes could have been refocused or
remodelled in sync with the central challenges of the moment.

An objective observation (in the post-apartheid system) of the degradation and
dilapidation of former capital cities such as Mmabatho, Bisho, Umtata, Giyani,
Thohoyandou, Lebowakgomo and KaNgwane, among others, leaves a lump in the
throat.

For instance, Paul Maylam contends that the "stress on the discontinuity between
the segregation era and apartheid is part of the South African liberal
mythology". In the current context, Mamphela Ramphele pointed out at the launch
of Round 2 of the Open Society Monitoring Index that "many of the contracts were
secured by companies experienced in the art of lubricating tender processes".

This is one of the pervasive public corruptions. Compounding that, corruption
has become a magnet for quick-rich schemes for entrepreneurs, thus becoming an
acceptable part of the SA liberal mythology. SA may soon gain notoriety as a
Mafia state where corruption has been institutionalised. Taken further, the Arab
Spring that played itself out in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya may even gravitate to
SA. That would be the mark of SA's folklore. That would be the bane of
corruption on the soul and reputation of the country.

It militates against the national economic interest to remove binding
constraints on sustainable socio-economic development.

The phenomenon of corruption does not create a possibility to improve policy
certainty and predictability. It is by far one of the institutional hurdles in
socio-economic transformation. The release of the Corruption Watch report on
corruption within the Johannesburg Metropolitan Police Department is a living
testimony to the corrosive effect. Unsurprisingly, the rating agency Standard
and Poor's has cut SA's outlook from stable to negative.

On the positive is an active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship call for
ethical and responsible leadership for the sustenance of constitutional
democracy.

The orientation, consciousness and paradigm of thinking of citizens determine
the altitude or legitimacy of human development at the centre of societal
discourse. Misguided populism and vague notions of liberation will not help in
the realisation of the material conditions and maturity of political economy and
business. These are some of the issues that Michela Wrong warned about in her
profound magnum opus It's Our Turn to Eat: The Story of a Kenyan Whistle-Blower.
John Githongo's determination to root out corruption in Kenya without warming up
to ethnic affinity helped to restore decorum and the integrity of the
government's commitment to good governance.

Further, the Presidential Infrastructure Co-ordinating Commission intends,
through the government's recently adopted infrastructure plan, to transform the
economic landscape of SA and strengthen the delivery of basic services to the
people. The realisation of projected economic growth and areas of the country
based on the myriad Strategic Integrated Projects offer policy makers, organised
labour and business leaders the fulcrum to increased integration into the world
economy.

This, for instance, supports the 2011-2012 The Global Competitiveness Report's
recognition of the qualitative as well as the quantitative aspects of growth,
integrating such concepts as inclusiveness and environmental sustainability to
provide a fuller picture of what is needed and what works. In essence, this
provides primary thoughts on how to understand and measure value through
investor confidence by defining sustainable competitiveness in socio-economic,
geo-political, social and environmental terms. These constitute the job drivers
and enablers that could create a circle for inclusiveness, competitiveness and
improved economic growth. It is about contributing towards the founding of a
national consensus through the integration, co-ordination and alignment of
sectoral strategies against corruption.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, US Secretary of State, remarked at Transparency
International-USA's Annual Integrity Award Dinner on March 22 that there are
many dedicated people who serve by waking up every single morning trying to
figure out what more we can do to reduce corruption, to create transparency,
accountability, and better governance. She added that these people never receive
awards and their names are not likely to be known. But they are fighting the
fight day in and day out.

Undoubtedly, Clinton's reflection on the people's fight is the personification
of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born's protagonist (the man) who strives to
remain attentive, unsoiled and guiltless in a country characterised by
voraciousness, rot or corruption. It is by far not a representation of the icon
of purity and cleanliness. Money-making, modernity and plenitude of material
goods must not merely amount to whimsical fantasising of future possibilities.

The central lessons for SA's experience is that it is about time we get our
priorities right. This is proceeding from the premise that we must get back to
basics in the improvement of the human condition and development. It is
principally about contributing towards the establishment of a national consensus
through the alignment of sectoral orientations or strategies against corruption.
This will have to include strategic orientation for the separation between state
and party, thus ushering in active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship. That
is crucial to a society's welfare and soundness. That is, we need to avoid the
collective underestimation of the critical work needed to cure the
socio-political schizophrenia that blights the competitiveness and growth of the
country.

We all are integral parts of a bigger stake in society and inextricably linked
to the South African liberal mythology. We must not be caught eating forbidden
fruits or securing our livelihoods by "lubricating tender processes". This will
usher in a new possibility of experience where greediness and putrefaction are
left far behind and tranquillity or innocence is the watchword.

Ultimately, corruption shall not become a timeless phenomenon.

l Sibuyi is a PHD student at the University of the Witwatersrand

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                  May 06, 2012
                                   E2 Edition

Corruption poses many dangers for the future

SECTION: DISPATCHES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1500 words


The release of the Corruption Watch report on corruption within the Johannesburg
Metropolitan Police Department gives rise to a need to draw parallels between SA
and other African countries on how they addressed corruption after emancipation.

Ayi Kwei Armah's The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born depicts a protagonist known
as "the man" who refuses to indulge in corruption in Ghana. Everyone else around
him had succumbed to greed and rot following the overthrow of Kwame Nkrumah,
Ghana's first president.

The protagonist (the man) strives to remain focused, clean and innocent in a
country characterised by gluttony, rot or corruption.

Corruption and greed are the central themes of Armah's book. This cancer was
eating away the fibre of Ghanaian society between 1965's Passion Week and
February 25, 1966. Accordingly, the man was trying to deconstruct and comprehend
the reality of post-independence in his country owing to the debilitating sway
corruption had on Ghana.

The novel highlights the frustration many societies have had to contend with in
Africa after achieving political independence. The two fundamental questions
that need to be posed and honestly responded to are: is SA's contemporary state
a carbon copy of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born? How far apart is SA's
anatomy from Armah's novel?

The notion of corruption could be open to different interpretation. It could be
(mis)read as a trope for a society that legitimises sheer public robbery. Such
an idea is tellingly expressed by the current state of SA society. The elephant
in the room is venality, instant gratification and conspicuous consumption. It
creates a possibility for helplessness, vulnerability and hopelessness.

In such an environment, indecorous demeanour defines the nature, seriousness,
emptiness and warped missive directed at reasonable people. Corruption flouts
openness, accountability, responsibility and governance.

Corruption, at its wickedest, provides an epic moment of group morality and
group think devoid of integrity and sincerity. It is a touchstone of venality,
vice and has become a byword for deception.

On a more prosaic note, corruption could trigger political and economic
volatility. Corruption has robbed us of a cardinal element of legitimacy. It can
lead to widespread social unrest and discourage foreign direct investment.
Menacingly, it facilitates the pilfering of financial resources from the
downtrodden into the pockets of the political leadership. It is lamentable that
infrastructure from the erstwhile homeland system was not reconfigured to
address the challenges of the democratic moment. Revealingly, the system of
separate development characterised by the homeland system was in keeping with
sustaining the divisive apartheid juggernaut. There were belongings that
deserved to be done away with. Other programmes could have been refocused or
remodelled in sync with the central challenges of the moment.

An objective observation (in the post-apartheid system) of the degradation and
dilapidation of former capital cities such as Mmabatho, Bisho, Umtata, Giyani,
Thohoyandou, Lebowakgomo and KaNgwane, among others, leaves a lump in the
throat.

For instance, Paul Maylam contends that the "stress on the discontinuity between
the segregation era and apartheid is part of the South African liberal
mythology". In the current context, Mamphela Ramphele pointed out at the launch
of Round 2 of the Open Society Monitoring Index that "many of the contracts were
secured by companies experienced in the art of lubricating tender processes".

This is one of the pervasive public corruptions. Compounding that, corruption
has become a magnet for quick-rich schemes for entrepreneurs, thus becoming an
acceptable part of the SA liberal mythology. SA may soon gain notoriety as a
Mafia state where corruption has been institutionalised. Taken further, the Arab
Spring that played itself out in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya may even gravitate to
SA. That would be the mark of SA's folklore. That would be the bane of
corruption on the soul and reputation of the country.

It militates against the national economic interest to remove binding
constraints on sustainable socio-economic development.

The phenomenon of corruption does not create a possibility to improve policy
certainty and predictability. It is by far one of the institutional hurdles in
socio-economic transformation. The release of the Corruption Watch report on
corruption within the Johannesburg Metropolitan Police Department is a living
testimony to the corrosive effect. Unsurprisingly, the rating agency Standard
and Poor's has cut SA's outlook from stable to negative.

On the positive is an active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship call for
ethical and responsible leadership for the sustenance of constitutional
democracy.

The orientation, consciousness and paradigm of thinking of citizens determine
the altitude or legitimacy of human development at the centre of societal
discourse. Misguided populism and vague notions of liberation will not help in
the realisation of the material conditions and maturity of political economy and
business. These are some of the issues that Michela Wrong warned about in her
profound magnum opus It's Our Turn to Eat: The Story of a Kenyan Whistle-Blower.
John Githongo's determination to root out corruption in Kenya without warming up
to ethnic affinity helped to restore decorum and the integrity of the
government's commitment to good governance.

Further, the Presidential Infrastructure Co-ordinating Commission intends,
through the government's recently adopted infrastructure plan, to transform the
economic landscape of SA and strengthen the delivery of basic services to the
people. The realisation of projected economic growth and areas of the country
based on the myriad Strategic Integrated Projects offer policy makers, organised
labour and business leaders the fulcrum to increased integration into the world
economy.

This, for instance, supports the 2011-2012 The Global Competitiveness Report's
recognition of the qualitative as well as the quantitative aspects of growth,
integrating such concepts as inclusiveness and environmental sustainability to
provide a fuller picture of what is needed and what works. In essence, this
provides primary thoughts on how to understand and measure value through
investor confidence by defining sustainable competitiveness in socio-economic,
geo-political, social and environmental terms. These constitute the job drivers
and enablers that could create a circle for inclusiveness, competitiveness and
improved economic growth. It is about contributing towards the founding of a
national consensus through the integration, co-ordination and alignment of
sectoral strategies against corruption.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, US Secretary of State, remarked at Transparency
International-USA's Annual Integrity Award Dinner on March 22 that there are
many dedicated people who serve by waking up every single morning trying to
figure out what more we can do to reduce corruption, to create transparency,
accountability, and better governance. She added that these people never receive
awards and their names are not likely to be known. But they are fighting the
fight day in and day out.

Undoubtedly, Clinton's reflection on the people's fight is the personification
of The Beautyful Ones Are Not Yet Born's protagonist (the man) who strives to
remain attentive, unsoiled and guiltless in a country characterised by
voraciousness, rot or corruption. It is by far not a representation of the icon
of purity and cleanliness. Money-making, modernity and plenitude of material
goods must not merely amount to whimsical fantasising of future possibilities.

The central lessons for SA's experience is that it is about time we get our
priorities right. This is proceeding from the premise that we must get back to
basics in the improvement of the human condition and development. It is
principally about contributing towards the establishment of a national consensus
through the alignment of sectoral orientations or strategies against corruption.
This will have to include strategic orientation for the separation between state
and party, thus ushering in active, knowledgeable and engaging citizenship. That
is crucial to a society's welfare and soundness. That is, we need to avoid the
collective underestimation of the critical work needed to cure the
socio-political schizophrenia that blights the competitiveness and growth of the
country.

We all are integral parts of a bigger stake in society and inextricably linked
to the South African liberal mythology. We must not be caught eating forbidden
fruits or securing our livelihoods by "lubricating tender processes". This will
usher in a new possibility of experience where greediness and putrefaction are
left far behind and tranquillity or innocence is the watchword.

Ultimately, corruption shall not become a timeless phenomenon.

l Sibuyi is a PHD student at the University of the Witwatersrand

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Editorial: TEA finally takes action on EPISD

BYLINE: El Paso Times Editorial Board

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 440 words


The Texas Education Agency took long-overdue steps Monday by lowering the El
Paso Independent School District's accreditation status and requiring the
district to hire an independent firm to examine the systemic failures that
allowed widespread cheating and corruption.

The school board and administration at EPISD have long proved they are incapable
of addressing the massive failings under the leadership of former Superintendent
Lorenzo Garcia. An enfeebled school board allowed Garcia's corruption to run
unchecked, and many current members of the district's senior administration were
undoubtedly complicit in Garcia's schemes. The TEA also played a role in this
fiasco by failing to uncover EPISD's failures, despite several audits. Garcia
was able to use TEA's statements of support against critics who were trying to
improve EPISD.

But now, finally, the state agency appears to be fulfilling its role of
overseeing the shattered school district, and hopefully bringing accountability
to those responsible for this disaster.

The state agency is requiring EPISD to hire an external legal or auditing firm
to identify the structural deficiencies that led to the failures and "at a
minimum, suggest structural and procedural improvements and recommend
appropriate personnel actions to the board related to reporting requirements and
staffing changes, including termination of staff as appropriate."

TEA also is assigning a monitor, Judy Castleberry from the San Antonio-based
Region 20 Education Service Center, to assure that the board and administration
comply with the state agency's mandates. This state action, while necessary, is
an embarrassment for El Paso. It also will cost EPISD taxpayers a substantial
amount of money to pay for the monitor as well as the outside firm to
investigate failures, another outside firm to oversee test administration and
security, and additional training for the board, administration and staff.

This embarrassment and additional costs are the responsibility of school board
members and administrators who have utterly failed students, parents and
taxpayers.

Their incompetence and, in some cases, venality have overshadowed the hard work
of thousands of teachers and other EPISD employees who strive every day to make
better the lives of our children.

We once again renew our call for the five EPISD trustees in office while Garcca
was running his schemes to resign. Key administrators such as Interim
Superintendent Terri Jordan and Assistant Superintendent James Anderson also
have to leave, now.

How can they look students and teachers in the eye after their failures have
been so thoroughly documented?

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

'Little Foxes' puts punch in vintage Hellman play;
THEATER REVIEW: Melodrama meets provocative satire in director David Coral's
fully satisfying production.

BYLINE: William Randall Beard

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 471 words


Special to the Star Tribune

Depending on whom you ask, Lillian Hellman's 1939 play, "The Little Foxes" is
either a prophetically contemporary exploration of American capitalism or a
trashy and dated Broadway melodrama. In director David Coral's production for
Starting Gate, it manages to be the best of both. There are enough nuances to be
politically provocative and enough over-the-top camp to be a guilty pleasure.

In the South in 1900, Ben and Oscar Hubbard and their married sister, Regina,
are the new American entrepreneurs: unscrupulous, crass and mercenary. They are
money-grubbers who will steal from their customers, destroy their town and
sacrifice the environment in pursuit of a fortune. A lucrative deal with a
northern manufacturer sets them conniving against each other.

The play is undeniably old-fashioned. It is talky, with voluminous amounts of
exposition, and creaky in the obviousness of some of its plotting. But Coral
keeps things moving at a brisk enough pace that interest never flags. And
Hellman finds great humor in the characters' cynicism and biting sarcasm.

Regina is a larger-than-life character, the archetypal iron fist in a velvet
glove. Ellen Apel captured her with gusto. Her Regina was every inch a diva who
owned the stage whenever she was present. She was both coyly seductive and
frigidly heartless, but her victims were even more corrupt than she, so it was a
pleasure to watch her go for the jugular.

John Middleton, as her dying husband, Horace, initially seemed too young next to
Apel's Regina. But he became her emotional equal, creating a deeply caring yet
perceptively shrewd man who found strength in virtue. In their final
confrontation, her intense ferocity and his uncompromising integrity ignited the
stage.

Tom Pinault's Ben was a master of suave deviousness and a delight to watch.
Oscar is much more sour character, but Charles Numrich did little to make his
venality enjoyable. As his wife Birdie, Linda Sue Anderson almost stole the
show, making her fragile goodness and faded gentility both captivating and
sympathetic, giving a human face to the consequences of the Hubbards'
machinations.

Will Slayden's production, a solid, realistic set complete with staircase,
seemed of a different era and was exactly what was called for.

Three-act plays went out of fashion decades ago. And many will find the action
here slow-moving and overly histrionic. But the final payoffs are well worth the
time spent. And Starting Gate's production is just about the best representation
possible of this type of drama.

William Randall Beard is a Minneapolis writer.

LITTLE FOXES

Who: By Lillian Hellman.

Directed by David Coral for Starting Gate.

When: 7:30 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays. Ends Sept. 30.

Where: Mounds Theatre, 1029 Hudson Rd., St. Paul.

Tickets: $16-$18. 651-645-3503.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      March 31, 1998 Tuesday Final Edition

What can we do for Hamilton area?: We need to create public access along the
entire waterfront as one of many steps toward a more sustainable region, urges
Alan Stacey, former conservation authority chairman.

SOURCE: The Spectator

BYLINE: Alan Stacey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 2229 words


Over the past years, I have given a lot of thought to the currents of change
that are buffeting Hamilton and Hamilton-Wentworth Region. It is out of an
abiding affection for Hamilton and its people that I share these observations
and concerns about the state of the city that we call home or work place.

I begin with an analysis of the roots of the urban problem in North America, as
well as some innovative solutions that have been put forth. Secondly, I ask you
to consider how these problems and solutions apply to Hamilton. And, thirdly, I
examine the role that the Hamilton Region Conservation Authority could play in
bringing some of this vision to reality.

Consider for a moment the following symptoms of what many refer to as the urban
malaise: high taxes; the perception of decay and crime; a crumbling or
threatened public school system; the exodus of the middle class; a loss of faith
in the future; a crumbling downtown core; and an increasing public indebtedness.

These symptoms are outlined in studies like Jane Jacobs' 1961 book, The Death
and Life of Great American Cities, and the more recent 1997 study of
Philadelphia, Buzz Bissinger's A Prayer for the City. Each of these symptoms has
become apparent in the fabric of Hamilton and the psyche of its people during
the past decade.

While we deny that the state of Hamilton is as bad or desperate as that of
Buffalo, Philadelphia, Boston or Toronto, it would be folly to ignore the
warning signs. Let us consider some aspects of the evolution of the city in
North America, as outlined by Bissinger.

As refugees came from the crowded urban areas of Europe, Asia or Central
America, generations of immigrants to North America never fully embraced the
vitality of urban life. Jacobs eloquently describes this vitality as the "art
form of the city ... an intricate ballet in which the individual dancers and
ensembles all have distinctive parts which miraculously reinforce each other and
compose an orderly whole."

At best, cities were seen as transitory places, railway stations where one could
get started before moving out and on. By the 1950s, it was a convenient drive
out to the suburbs which perpetuated the myth of the frontier, to carve out a
space that a family could call home.

PETTY GOVERNANCE

Present-day cities carry this historical baggage into the last decade of the
20th century. This has made cities vulnerable to rapid changes in technology and
transportation which have rendered obsolete much of their economic raison
d'etre. Bissinger also identifies the corrosive forces of a governance structure
marked by venality, pettiness, insecurity and spite. Coupled with these are
extortionary threats from every self-interest group -- from the far left to the
far right -- and a constant need to look to re-election.

But what of the alternatives?

Bissinger outlines some of the pitfalls of the currently embraced salvation for
former industrial cities: to become tourist destinations, audience pools and
suburban diversions. In short, urban entertainment centres.

However, in the shadows of empty convention centres and casinos yet to be built,
he sounds a caution. Many, if not most, of the new jobs created are both low
skill and low self-esteem -- little consolation for a workforce that prided
itself on craftsmanship with the industry of its hands or machines. The danger
in this approach is a "Disneyfication" of cities, a parody of the variety and
diversity they represent.

Full as they are of strangers, cities draw their soul and vitality from these
differences. The problem is that cities are increasingly designed not for those
who live within but for those who never would. The number who are staying is
diminishing. Witness the almost universal depopulation of cities across the
continent.

Some argue that this population loss is actually beneficial for the city,
enabling it to retool and to scale down. However, those leaving are largely the
ubiquitous middle class. This has further widened the gap for the poor, trapped
in the grey areas between a deteriorating downtown and the burgeoning suburbs.
It is increasingly only the wealthiest people who can afford to stay in the
remaining urban enclaves of exclusivity -- luxurious and secure highrises or
gentrified neighbourhoods.

Those who stay do so out of loyalty, a job or to celebrate in the exuberance
created by a mosaic of differences. But increasingly those very same symptoms of
decline mentioned earlier are forcing even those who love the city to leave or
to develop an equally destructive fortress mentality.

This creates a type of perverse cocooning, with locks and security devices to
insulate against external threats.

Former Toronto mayor David Crombie recently called for changes in how we manage
and plan our urban places -- from the conventional piecemeal fashion of the past
to a more integrated approach. He identified five common organizing ideas at the
core of this new civic culture: economic opportunity; the importance of place
and community to people; the historical promise that "you can try to be what you
want to be"; personal security and public order; and the understanding that
economic growth, environmental health and social well-being are not mutually
exclusive but rather are mutually interdependent.

'MOVE ON'

It is this connectedness of things that requires us to be stewards of the
resources available in urban areas -- be they human, natural or physical.
Crombie concludes that the idea that we can "move in, use up, throw away and
move on" is not only morally indefensible but also economically destructive.

The 1987 Brundtland Report, a blueprint for sustainable development from the
World Commission on Environment and Development, put it this way: "To become key
agents of development, city government needs access to more of the wealth of the
city." The report also called for under-used resources in or close to cities to
be put to better use. This might involve the pooling of vacant lands for the
common good, the support of urban agricultural gardens, and the aggressive
promotion of the reclamation, reuse and recycling of solid waste materials.

Bissinger adds a number of other changes to city governance that could start to
reverse urban fortunes:

- The elimination of unfunded or under-funded federal and provincial mandates.

- Co-ordinated policies to deal with the environmental time-bombs of abandoned
factories that had made the city a cauldron of manufacturing.

- Tax credits for historical rehabilitation.

- The end to the bulldozer approach to urban renewal so revered in 1960s and
1970s, which produced both ghettoized public housing and sterile downtown cores.

For a moment, consider what some of these visionary and sustainable approaches
might mean on the ground in Hamilton-Wentworth, which is still years away from
clearly demonstrating a real commitment to a community that is -- in the lofty
language of Vision 2020 -- "economically vibrant, socially equitable, and
environmentally responsible." It is, nevertheless, an important process for all
of us who care about this city and region to start.

WHAT COULD BE DONE?

Let us start with one of our most precious assets, the waterfront. Much of the
old industrial land is adjacent to the bay. Develop these as new brownfield
sites. Stop the creation of additional industrial parks and all of the attendant
infrastructure that pulls money and new development out of the urban centre and
leads to more urban sprawl.

At the same time, reconfigure waterfront road systems to open up public access
along the entire bay. There is an insatiable appetite for getting down to the
water, evident in the overwhelming success of Bayfront Park. It should not be an
insurmountable task to get the co-operation of industries to create secure
pathways through their properties that protect both the corporation and the
public. The city of Chattanooga, Tennessee, once one of America's rust-belts in
decline, has based its revival on the opening up of its riverfront, hidden for
decades by the detritus of development.

Second, remove abandoned firetraps in old industrial districts which only invite
abuse, as Hamilton has found out so well with the Plastimet fire and Equitrade.
In their place, encourage public-private joint business ventures to construct
state-of-the-art recycling centres that do not pose a hazard to human health or
to the environment.

Third, promote, through lower taxes and assessment, the infilling or
rehabilitation of housing stock in older neighbourhoods. This is not a call for
the old approach of public housing which has proven to be a brutally ineffective
way to construct accommodation. What would serve as a better model would be
Habitat for Humanity with its emphasis on sweat equity and grassroots community
involvement.

Fourth, promote the greening of the city and region. Do so with an aggressive
tree planting program, create urban garden plots in vacant lots, beautify public
and private streetscapes with recognition programs and projects like the median
flower beds, and clean up the debris and litter in forgotten areas such as
alleys and ravines. This addresses the "broken window" effect; namely, that once
little things go unrepaired, then it doesn't take long for irreversible decay to
set in.

Fifth, in former industrial or residential enclaves where there is no civic or
private interest to redevelop, embark upon a program to naturalize the area. In
time, the restored landscape will act as a catalyst for new developments on the
periphery.

Sixth, stop the insatiable appetite for land and economic wealth, created by an
ever-expanding infrastructure of expressways and serviced housing developments.
It should come as no surprise to our elected officials that there is a
connection between the construction of new transportation routes and serviced
lands outside the city and the continued decline of the downtown and lower city.
One needs no better example of this impact than the phenomenal success of
Meadowlands.

Finally, refocus planning to preserve neighbourhoods. The ongoing Spectator
series on the region's neighbourhoods has shown how vital this concept is to
people's sense of place and belonging in a community.

Among the many opportunities for the conservation authority in achieving the
goals of a truly sustainable community, I would envisage the following:

- The continuation of its strong plan review input, particularly to provide
adequate protection for ravine slopes, watercourses and environmentally
sensitive areas.

- The maintenance of an advocacy role in commenting on major developments -- be
they expressways, auto race tracks or landfill sites.

In addition, the authority should continue to act as a mediator or "honest
broker" where impasses between levels of government or between government and
the private sector are impeding action. The Randle Reef cleanup, the Taro site
monitoring and the Crombie initiatives for the Red Hill Creek Valley are
examples of how this role has proved successful.

Local municipalities should take advantage of the authority's best practices;
namely, in the management of natural open spaces. There is a wonderful
opportunity to create a regional greenbelt strategy that would link
neighbourhoods and historic communities through an integrated trailway system
and linear natural corridors.

These would showcase Hamilton's superb natural assets of the lakefront, bay and
escarpment. Furthermore, it would go a long way to remove the debilitating
stigma that our city and region carry as dirty and polluted.

AUTHORITY'S ACHIEVEMENTS

I credit the Hamilton Region Conservation Authority for making the region a
livable place rather than just another derelict rust-belt area. Thousands of
acres of greenbelt and recreation areas; strong stands on projects like
Redlands, Taro or the Red Hill Expressway; intermediary roles in the clean-up of
Randle Reef and the revitalization of the Red Hill Valley -- these all speak to
the authority's level of commitment and action in taking the high road of
sustainable development.

There are those who would have preferred the authority to have taken a more
conciliatory or backseat role in its commentary on regional planning issues.
However, this is not what many of us see as the need for an independent body in
the community to speak out for the environment.

It is ironic that the very best practice of planning -- which takes into account
local and regional concerns -- is the watershed model of Ontario's conservation
authorities. At the 1941 Guelph Conference, where this model was first
envisaged, it was noted that "such a treatment of our natural resources cuts
across traditional lines, both of opinion and administrative practice, but this
must be faced in view of the gravity of the problem."

Today's problems of urban sprawl, pollution and the loss of wetlands or
environmentally sensitive areas call for no less of a commitment to this proven
watershed, ecosystem or bioregion approach. That is the legacy of the
conservation authorities' movement in Ontario over the past 50 years.

This article is a shortened version of a keynote address Alan Stacey gave last
month to the United for Conservation Dinner, sponsored by the Conservation
Foundation which has established a land endowment fund in Stacey's name.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Alan Stacey, right, works with Parkside High School students to
test the water quality at Spencer Creek. Photo: Alan Stacey, former chairman of
the Hamilton Region Conservation Authority

TYPE: Opinion

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              866 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                         MAY 25, 1997 Sunday D EDITION

RACIST AGENCY'S FILES CAUSE CRINGING / THE OPENING OF A MISS. COMMISSION'S
RECORDS MAY PROVE EMBARRASSING TO SOME BLACKS.

BYLINE: Larry Copeland, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1285 words

DATELINE: JACKSON, Miss.


As the burgeoning civil rights movement swept into Mississippi in the mid-1950s,
a state legislature bent on preserving racial segregation created an agency to
undermine the movement.

The agency - using infiltration, informants and disinformation - reached deep
into the lives of black Mississippians and their sympathizers. By the time the
agency was dissolved in 1977, it had unseated a college president, engineered a
smear campaign against the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and probed the
parentage of people suspected of being of "mixed" race but who said they were
white.

In the end, the agency - the Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission - gave way
to progress, demographics and politics: Mississippi's black political power
structure is among the nation's largest and strongest.

But the Sovereignty Commission and its secret dealings are once again sending
ripples of concern through the ranks of the state's African American
politicians. Some white politicians who might be named have already come to
grips with their past actions.

The long-dormant secret dossiers the commission amassed have been ordered
opened, and what lurks in the files could be an enormous embarrassment to blacks
who spied for the Sovereignty Commission, observers said.

"I think some of the most apprehensive persons in Mississippi right now are some
of the black politicians and preachers," said Charles Tisdale, editor of the
weekly newspaper, the Jackson Advocate, the state's largest black newspaper.

"They were informants."

He knows: Tisdale's predecessor, Percy Greene, accepted money from the
Sovereignty Commission in the spring of 1964, then ran a false but inflammatory
story linking the Rev. Dr. King to the Communist Party.

According to commission documents ferreted out by the Jackson Clarion-Ledger,
Erle Johnston, the commission director who concocted the scheme, surmised -
quite accurately, it turned out - that once an established black newspaper
carried such an article, other papers and the wire services would pick it up.

Greene, who died in 1977, was not alone.

Blacks who believed the movement was a dangerous idea, or who were afraid not to
do the commission's bidding - or who simply figured they could pick up a few
easy bucks - agreed to inform. The Sovereignty Commission had very deep pockets
in a very poor state where much of its minority population lived at poverty
level; some volunteered information or their services as informants in return
for the money.

A few black politicians and ministers have already been identified as
informants. To modern black Mississippi, that designation smacks of cowardice or
venality at the least, of treason at the worst.

All of which helps explain why nearly 1,000 people filed affidavits with the
state, asking to read their files. Anyone who is considered a victim under the
commission could ask for files to be deleted or permanently sealed or just
allowed to become public.

There is only one option for those who are considered "state actors," or
collaborators under the commission. They can get their records deleted or sealed
only if they can persuade the state to change their status to that of victim.

That procedure was set by a federal judge who settled a decades-long suit to
open the files.

Many whites - some now active in state politics - also spied for the agency. But
in many instances, their friends, families and constituencies already have
accepted their past.

Other whites, who fought against segregation, are eager to see what the files
contain about them and others.

"I would say there are many different levels of concern," said Rims Barber, who
was trained as a Presbyterian minister, came to fight segregation in 1964, and
never left.

"I would not characterize myself as unconcerned, but my concern is not as acute
as some others," said Barber, who went through the procedure and is waiting to
hear whether the files recorded his activities and what any dossier might have
said about him. State officials expect to begin notifying applicants by early
fall.

* In some ways, the anxiety in Mississippi is eerily reminiscent of the mood in
then-East Germany after communism died and the Berlin Wall fell. When the files
of that country's secret police were opened, they revealed that friend had spied
on friend, family member on family member, wife on husband.

Here in the Magnolia State - where fears of communism fueled much of the
anti-movement hysteria - the files of its secret agency are about to be exposed
to the glare of public scrutiny.

Its files are stored inside a square, gray building not far from the State
Capitol. Outside, silent vigil is kept by a huge granite monument to the
Confederate Dead of Mississippi. Inside, a lone black security guard stands
watch.

Here in Mississippi, which had a more entrenched system of enforced racial
segregation than perhaps any other state, those who challenged that system have
unshakable memories.

Some recall recoiling from the flash of a firebomb shattering their window;
others of soiling themselves when strange cars followed them along dark,
lonesome roads.

The Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission was born in the aftermath of the
1954 U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Brown v. the Board of Education of Topeka, and
the court's order a year later that public schools be integrated "with all
deliberate speed."

The Mississippi legislature, accurately anticipating an assault on segregation,
created the commission in March 1956.

In its heyday, the Sovereignty Commission routinely contributed taxpayers'
dollars to the white extremist Citizens Council, launched smear campaigns
against civil rights workers, and publicly acknowledged that it maintained
dossiers on people it felt "should be watched with suspicion on future racial
attitudes."

It enlisted the aid of editors and reporters at the Jackson Clarion-Ledger and
Jackson Daily News, who agreed to hold or run stories at the commission's
request. Years later, though, the Clarion-Ledger ferreted out records from the
commission and published stories about its machinations, stories that led to the
retrial of segregationist Byron De La Beckwith on charges he ambushed civil
rights leader Medgar Evers in Jackson. The commission, it turned out, had been
compiling records on Evers as early as 1958.

It forced - through threats, intimidation and false accusations of communism -
the resignation of the president of predominantly black Tougaloo College, which
was a rare hotbed of civil rights activity.

Erle Johnston, who initiated many of those actions as head of the agency from
1963 to 1968, and was its last living director, said in 1995 that he was only
serving the political will of the time.

"I have no regrets," the man nicknamed "The Spymaster" said in an interview in
the den of his Forest home shortly before his death.

Over its 21-year existence, his agency compiled voluminous files.

"There are approximately 85,000 . . . names in the files," said Dave Scott, an
assistant state attorney general and counsel for the Department of Archives and
History, who explained that some of the names are multiple mentions of the same
individuals. "It's very labor-intensive."

* As political observers await publication of the files in late August or early
September, some here say the material will reveal more about commission
operatives than those they targeted, because many think the files were already
sanitized.

"I have a concern that the release of the files will show how stupid they were,"
said Barber, of those who sat on the commission. "They were the original
Keystone Kops. They didn't do much that was right. Or truthful."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was among those targeted by a Mississippi
State Sovereignty Commission smear campaign.

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE

LENGTH: 480 words


On bail from a federal slammer in Florida, relaxing with his well-preserved
wife, Barbara, 70, in Palm Beach, ex-Telegraph boss Lord Black, 66, was startled
by a police siren uproar. 'The raucous forces of law and order suddenly
shattered the evening calm,' says Lady Black. 'We had a helicopter overhead and
an armada of police cars outside our house Z the dogs went crazy with delight.'
Were they there to cart Conrad back to pokey? Not at all. Babs says it was the
arrival by raft of Haitian asylum seekers. She observed: 'Rather ironic, all
these people aching to get into the United States and landing on our doorstep
while my husband is aching to get out of this country and can't.'

London mayor Boris Johnson told LBC presenter Nick Ferrari he'll be wearing
tails at the royal wedding. Ferrari: 'The Prime Minister isn't, is he?' Boris:
'I haven't been informed...' Ferrari: 'Why do you suppose that would be?' Boris:
'Search me, guv... It's above my pay grade! I'm just sticking to what I think is
appropriate.' Might this be why Cameron has now decided to wear tails for the
wedding?

Hollywood glamourpuss Gwyneth Paltrow, pictured, gave a dinner to launch her
cookbook, My Father's Daughter. The star, who is married to Brit rocker Chris
Martin, is said to eat like a lorry driver. A friend, TV chef Mario Batali,
discloses: 'I once watched her eat an entire pan of paella as big as a manhole
cover.' She's also a flamboyant cook, attests pop singer Michael Stipe of REM:
'Once, a duck she was cooking caught fire, and she threw it in the pool.' Move
over Nigella.

Lord Norwich's recent Radio 4 readings from his new book, The Popes, have done
wonders for sales, reports the Bookseller, saying: 'He imparts tales of papal
venality and bestiality in avuncular, fireside tones.' Norwich is sometimes
confused with 14th century mystic Julian of Norwich Z a woman! Z and this has
'increased his cachet'. What else would we expect from a son of those priceless
high society eccentrics, Duff and Lady Diana Cooper?

The president-elect of the American College of Surgeons, Dr Lazar Greenfield,
78, has resigned. Why so? He ventured the opinion in Surgery News that women
might be happier if they had sex without condoms because there were compounds in
semen that had anti-depressant effects. 'Unprotected sex is a better gift than
chocolates,' he added naughtily. Surgeon Dr Barbara Lee Bass, commenting on his
resignation, sighs: 'Some things you can never recover from if you're in a
leadership role.'

Historian Andrew Roberts says in The Spectator: 'For the first time since 1660,
a future king of England will be marrying into the middle classes. After
three-and-a-half centuries swimming in the tiniest gene pool imaginable, the
Royal Family is finally dipping its toe into a gene ocean.' Oceans? Let's pray
Kate isn't inspired by Nigella Lawson in her choice of wedding dress...

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2011 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    September 15, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Jerry Boyd, eventual author

SOURCE: New York Times

BYLINE: RICHARD SANDOMIR

SECTION: News; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

Jerry Boyd, a boxing trainer whose search for literary recognition ended two
years ago when he published a book of short fiction under the name F.X. Toole,
died on Sept. 2 of complications after heart surgery at a hospital in Torrance,
Calif. He was 72.

His picaresque life as a bartender, bootblack, longshoreman, private detective,
teamster, actor and bullfighter (he said bulls gored him three times) sounded
fictional. And his talent for dramatization could easily be turned on himself.
During his life, he said, "I was close to the seven deadly sins at all times."

For most of his adult life, he wrote - novels, plays, short stories, screenplays
- quietly, fitfully, hopefully, but always unsuccessfully.

"I'd submit things and I'd be destroyed when they were rejected, but then I'd
crawl back to the typewriter to do some more," he said.

In his late 40s, he began to indulge his love of boxing by becoming a fighter,
and showed an aptitude for it. Health concerns eventually caused him to quit
punching but he remained in the raffish world as a trainer and cutman, the
cornerman who stops fighters' bleeding.

With boxing as his focus, he quit writing for a while. Yet boxing became his
source material when his need to write was reawakened after heart surgery in
1988.

His break came in 1999 when he sent a story to a literary journal, Zyzzyva, and
it was published, leading to Rope Burns, a collection of five short stories and
a novella with an unusually large first printing of about 35,000 that has sold
well.

Boyd's writing is spare, raw, profane, stylized, violent, filled with dialect
and infused with the atmosphere of dimly lighted gyms, the struggles of boxers
and the venality of promoters.

In a semiautobiographical passage in one story, he wrote, "The cut man was a
slick old white man, was Con Flutey. He had white hair and wore trifocals. He
was in the fight game because of the beauty of it, a game where old men could
still go to war. It was in his bones, the fight game. He'd been in it a long
time. He'd been in the game of living a long time, too, and there were parts of
himself that were so different from the other parts that he could not understand
how they could all be in his one self. But there they were, and though the
disparate parts often surprised him, he'd come to enjoy the merry-go-round that
was his soul."

A month before he died, Boyd sold the film rights to one of his stories to the
production company of Albert Ruddy. He had also nearly completed a novel,
tentatively called Pound for Pound, when he died.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Obituary

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Portrait of a Politician: Vengeful and Profane

BYLINE: By SUSAN SAULNY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 959 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Little in Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich's background prepared the people of Illinois
for the man who was revealed in the criminal complaint that dropped like a
bombshell here on Tuesday. Delusional, narcissistic, vengeful and profane, Mr.
Blagojevich as portrayed by federal prosecutors shocked even his most ardent
detractors.

''I almost fell over,'' said Cindi Canary, executive director of the Illinois
Campaign for Political Reform and a frequent critic of the governor. ''I was
speechless and sickened. In all of the millions of indictments I've read over
the last years, I can't remember anything as vile as this.''

Mike Jacobs, a Democratic state senator and former friend of the governor,
suggested that Mr. Blagojevich may have lost his grip on reality.

''I'm not sure he's playing with a full deck anymore,'' Mr. Jacobs said. ''I
think he brought a lot of this on himself. He's so gifted, but so flawed in a
number of fundamental areas. It's like he dared the feds to come get him.''

Drama and suspicion have long surrounded Mr. Blagojevich, a 51-year-old Democrat
known locally for his quirky love of Elvis and a big black signature hairstyle
of his own. Though he ran for office as a reformer, he has been embroiled for
years in a federal investigation into hiring fraud that included multiple
departments under his purview.

More recently, his reputation was left badly damaged after the corruption trial
of the political fund-raiser Antoin Rezko, who was convicted in June of fraud
and bribery among other charges. Mr. Blagojevich's name and administration
surfaced again and again during Mr. Rezko's highly publicized trial in Chicago.
The governor's  approval rating, according to The Chicago Tribune, had sunk to
13 percent.

Yet, despite what looked like his lead role over many years in a political
theater of the absurdly corrupt, Mr. Blagojevich, the seemingly earnest son of a
Serbian steelworker, was not charged with any wrongdoing. Rumors swirled, and
denials were issued.

Tuesday changed all that. It was not simply the extortion and venality with
which he was charged that left mouths gaping, but the ruthlessness and
grandiosity revealed in the federal wiretap transcripts, even as he knew he was
being investigated.

''You might have thought in that environment that pay to play would slow down,''
the United States attorney in Chicago, Patrick J. Fitzgerald, said at a news
conference announcing the charges. ''The opposite happened: it sped up. Governor
Blagojevich and others were working furiously to get as much money from
contractors, shaking them down, pay to play, before the end of the year.''

In the words of Dick W. Simpson, head of the political science department at the
University of Illinois, Chicago, and a former city alderman: ''It's over the
top, even for the governor.''

Ms. Canary, the reform advocate, said she was trying to figure out the pathology
that might explain such actions because they are not part of the classic style
of Chicago corruption.

''He was raised in the old Chicago ward system where the most important
principle is loyalty,'' she said. ''It's about protecting one another, spreading
perks, and earning personal power. It's not about huge personal enrichment.''

But that, according to the 76-page criminal complaint, seems to be exactly what
Mr. Blagojevich, who cast himself as a man of the people, was after.

Whatever his current motivation, he came into office with a very different
persona. As a young congressman representing the North Side of Chicago, Mr.
Blagojevich was pegged as a rising star with a populist touch. Undistinguished
as a lawmaker but with proven likability in and out of Chicago, he seemed
hellbent on pushing reform and cleaning house in a state with an embarrassingly
overt culture of political corruption.

Running on a do-good theme as a candidate of change, he swept into the
governor's office earlier this decade mainly on promises that he would be
different, that he would restore integrity to the governor's office after the
previous chief executive, George Ryan, was sentenced to six and a half years in
federal prison for racketeering and fraud.

''Tonight, ladies and gentlemen, Illinois has voted for change,'' he told a
crowd at his victory party on election night in 2002.

Back then, it was not a secret that Mr. Blagojevich had big dreams for himself
that included the White House. The federal complaint suggested that he was
disenchanted with being ''stuck'' as governor, and had his eyes still trained on
the presidency -- in 2016, since 2008 was a lost cause.

Kent Redfield, a professor of political science at the University of Illinois at
Springfield, said Mr. Blagojevich had clearly come into office believing he was
destined for bigger things, and may have been tripped up by that ambition.

''The combination of arrogance and stupidity that would prompt him to continue
in these types of behaviors is just stunning,'' Dr. Redfield said. ''There's no
feedback loop or reality check.''

Mr. Blagojevich had grown increasingly isolated in recent years, particularly
from his own state's Legislature and even from his father-in-law, Dick Mell, a
powerful longtime Chicago alderman who showed him the political ropes as a
younger man.

The governor was rarely seen around his offices in Chicago and Springfield,
preferring instead to spend time at home on the North Side.

''I believe he became a prisoner of his own home,'' Mr. Jacobs said.

Dr. Redfield said he had little sympathy for a man who regarded ''the state of
Illinois like it's a big Chicago ward, where a U.S. Senate seat is like granting
a zoning variance or liquor license.''

He added: ''The damage to the state, it's going to take a long time to dig
out.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich of Illinois at the Tribune Tower on
Monday in Chicago.(PHOTOGRAPH BY NANCY STONE/THE CHICAGO TRIBUNE, VIA ASSOCIATED
PRESS)
 Gov. Rod R. Blagojevich of Illinois, with his wife, Patti, taking the oath of
office in January 2007. He had hopes of running for the White House, maybe in
2016.(PHOTOGRAPH BY SETH PERLMAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)(pg. A33)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              870 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                              June 30, 2006 Friday

N.Y. Court of Appeals opts for removal of judge

BYLINE: Helen Nguyen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1655  words


In a unique case where a judge helped a defendant avoid being arrested, a 5 to 2
New York State Court of Appeals rejected the judge's contention that censure was
the more appropriate remedy and instead ordered that the judge be removed from
office. In the Matter of Hon. Laura D. Blackburne, a justice of the Supreme
Court, Queens County, the state's highest court concluded the judge acted above
the law and her actions "exceeded all measure of acceptable judicial conduct. "
Case background The case stems from an incident that occurred on June 10, 2004
in the Queens Drug Treatment Court, which was presided over by the petitioner,
Judge Laura D. Blackburne. One of the participants of the drug treatment court
that was scheduled to appear before Judge Blackburne that day was Derek
Sterling.

He had been charged with selling drugs, and was enrolled in a residential
treatment program. On that day, a detective came to the courtroom for the
purpose of questioning and arresting Sterling, who he suspected of committing
robbery and assault. The detective spoke to a court officer, and the officer
subsequently told Judge Blackburne about the detective. While the court officer
later testified that he understood the detective intended to arrest and take
Sterling into custody, Judge Blackburne mistakenly believed that the detective
came to the courtroom only to question Sterling. The judge arranged to have an
attorney appear on Sterling's behalf. The attorney spoke with the detective, and
learned that Sterling was to be arrested, not merely questioned. When the
attorney told Judge Blackburne that the detective intended to arrest Sterling,
she instructed the court officer to escort Sterling out of the courtroom using a
private side entrance that was typically used by judges, jurors and court staff.
Because the judge's order put the court officer in a position where he could be
accused of obstructing justice, the officer spoke to the assistant district
attorney who told Judge Blackburne that taking Sterling out of the courtroom
would be inappropriate. The assistant district attorney stated that defendants
should be arrested in court -- not at their treatment programs -- since
defendants are encouraged to feel safe at the treatment programs. Judge
Blackburne stated that she was insulted that the detective had entered the
courtroom under the "ruse" of merely questioning Sterling. When Sterling's case
was called, Judge Blackburne stated in open court: "I have directed that you be
escorted out of the building by [a court officer] because I -- and I'm putting
this on the record -- specifically, I resent the fact that a detective came to
this court under the ruse of wanting to ask questions when, in fact, he had it
in his head that he wanted to arrest you. If there is a basis for him arresting
you, he will have to present that in the form of a warrant.... *** I'm not
trying to keep you from being arrested. I'm trying to keep you from being
arrested today in my courtroom based on obvious misrepresentation on the part of
the detective. " The court officer again expressed his uneasiness to Judge
Blackburne about taking Sterling out of the courtroom, but she told him that if
he did not follow her instructions, she would escort Sterling out of the
courtroom herself. Using the court's private stairwell, the court officer
escorted Sterling out of the courtroom. As a result, the detective, who had been
waiting in a hallway outside the courtroom, was unable to arrest Sterling until
the following day. Sterling was charged with robbery and assault, but those
charges were eventually dismissed. Commission on Judicial Conduct The Commission
on Judicial Conduct investigated the incident and determined that Judge
Blackburne violated the following Rules of Judicial Conduct, 22 NYCRR: u did not
uphold the integrity and independence of the judiciary by failing to observe
high standards of conduct, in violation of section 100.1; u failed to avoid
impropriety and the appearance of impropriety in that she failed to act in a
manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of the
judiciary, in violation of section 100.2 (A); and u failed to perform the duties
of judicial office impartially and diligently in that she failed to be faithful
to the law and to maintain professional competence in it, in violation of
section 100.3(B)(1). Based on these violations, eight members of the commission
voted for the removal of Judge Blackburne from office while two voted for
censure. Those who voted for her removal stated: "We believe that [Judge
Blackburne's] conduct was not simply an egregious error in judgment, but an act
that transcended the boundaries of acceptable judicial behavior. She placed
herself above the law she is sworn to uphold and abused the power of her office,
utilizing court personnel and court facilities to accomplish her goal of
thwarting a lawful arrest. " In disagreeing with the majority, one of the
dissenting commissioners wrote, "[T]his commission is imposing career capital
punishment upon an experienced, highly-respected and accomplished jurist, with
an unblemished disciplinary history, who, indisputably, is unlikely to engage in
this type of misconduct again. " Judge Blackburne argued that censure -- not
removal -- was the appropriate sanction for her misconduct. While she
acknowledged that she made a "terrible mistake," she contended that her actions
were motivated by a desire to protect the integrity of the drug treatment court
since she believed that if she had permitted the detective to arrest Sterling,
it would have appeared as if the court were complicit in the detective's "ruse,"
which would have in turn undermined the trust between the drug treatment court
and its participants. Judge Blackburne also asserted that her removal was
"unprecedented" and unfair based on her argument that neither the Commission on
Judicial Conduct nor the Court of Appeals has ever removed a judge for a "single
act" of bad judgment, unless the misconduct involved venality, breach of trust,
moral turpitude or personal gain. In support of Judge Blackburne, several
organizations such as the Queens County Bar Association, the Association of
Black Women Attorneys and the Association of Justices of the Supreme Court of
the State of New York submitted briefs on her behalf. Majority's opinion:
Removal is appropriate The majority on the appellate court determined that the
removal of Judge Blackburne was the appropriate remedy. The court first noted
that the removal of a judge was not limited to only those categories of cases
that have already come before the court (i.e., corruption, venality). "Judicial
misconduct cases are, by their very nature, sui generis," wrote the court. "That
until now no judge has thought to prevent the lawful arrest of a suspected felon
cannot shield [Judge Blackburne] from the necessary consequence of her actions.
" In reviewing the facts of the case, the court pointed out that Judge
Blackburne never attempted to speak directly to the detective in order to
clarify the secondhand reports that she received from the court officer and the
attorney. Moreover, the judge was given several chances to reconsider whether to
have Sterling escorted out of the courtroom after both her court officer and
assistant district attorney expressed their concerns. The court also found that
Judge Blackburne's actions created an "enormous conflict" for the court officer
who could have been charged with obstructing justice because he followed the
judge's orders or been disciplined by the judge if he had not followed her
orders. In addition, the court reasoned that Judge Blackburne's prevention of
Sterling's arrest could have possibly put the public at risk. "[Judge
Blackburne's] rash and reckless decision to release onto the street a suspected
violent felon potentially posed a danger to the public," explained the majority.
"That [Sterling] returned peacefully to his drug treatment program, and in the
end turned out not to have committed the crime of which he was then suspected,
in no way redounds to [Judge Blackburne's] credit. Things might easily have
turned out otherwise. " Overall, the Court of Appeals concluded that Judge
Blackburne's actions "exceeded all measure of acceptable judicial conduct. " "In
impeding the legitimate operation of law enforcement by helping a wanted robbery
suspect to avoid arrest, [Judge Blackburne] placed herself above the law she was
sworn to administer, thereby bringing the judiciary into disrepute and
undermining public confidence in the integrity and impartiality of her court,"
wrote the state's highest court. "Accordingly, the determined sanction should be
accepted, without costs, and [Judge Blackburne] removed from the office of
Justice of the Supreme Court, Queens County. " The majority consisted of Chief
Judge Judith S. Kaye, and Judges Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick, Albert M.
Rosenblatt, Victoria A. Graffeo and Susan Phillips Read. Dissenting opinion In
dissent, Judges George Bundy Smith and Robert S. Smith argued that "no good
reason exists to remove from the bench an outstanding jurist who has made one
error in judgment. " Specifically, the dissent found that removing Judge
Blackburne from office was a "harsh" sanction compared to the numerous other
cases in which judges who were removed based on a single incident exhibiting
criminal or venal activity; see Matter of Scacchetti, 56 NY2d 980, 981 (1982)
(bribe solicitation); Matter of Levine, 74 NY2d 294, 295 (1989) (promise to a
political leader to adjourn a case and lying to the FBI); Matter of Benjamin, 77
NY2d 296, 297 (1991) (sexual assault). "While it is true that judges should set
high standards, it is also true that judges are human and may err," wrote Judge
George Bundy Smith. "An error in judgment by this judge, approximately two years
from retirement, should not lead to removal. "

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                    November 23, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Fine writing and two strong performances;
Samuel L. Johnson as Doyle Gipson, left, and Ben Affleck as Gavin Banek.

BYLINE: Dougal Macdonald

SECTION: A; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 390 words


Changing Lanes (M). At Greater Union Civic, Hoyts Belconnen, Tuggeranong, Woden.

WHATEVER happened to privacy in today's world in which electronically stored
information about each of us is accessible to anybody with the equipment and
knowhow? Whatever happened to conciliation as a means of settling disputes
between people of good intentions pushed out of shape by stress and minor
misfortune?

Is the law an ass? Do courts dispense natural justice or formulaic decisions
that fly irreversibly in the face of compassion?

Was Jack Cade right in suggesting 'Let's kill all the lawyers'?

These are some of the issues in Chap Taylor's screenplay about a bad day for
insurance agent Gipson (Samuel L. Jackson) and lawyer Banek (Ben Affleck) after
they bend each other's fenders on the freeway while hurrying to court.

Gipson wants to tell the judge hearing his wife's custody application about the
house he has bought for her to occupy with their two sons instead of moving to
Oregon. Banek has to lodge a deed naming the senior partners of his law firm to
a new board of trustees for a charitable foundation.

Gipson arrives late. Banek has dropped his file at the accident scene. Gipson
has found it. Banek's career in his father-in-law's firm may depend on
recovering it. But haste at the crash site has erected a barrier of hostility
between them. It's going to be a rough day before it finds resolution.

Changing Lanes offers twists, turns and revelations about human frailties as it
teeters on the brink of destroying two men's lives. It works because of the
cleverness of the screenplay more than of Roger Michell's sometimes flicky
direction. Certainly it applies pressure on sensitive points as it digs beneath
the surface of its issues and its protagonists. None of its characters is
without flaws. Some conceal criminal venality beneath ultra-respectable
exteriors. Others are drinking from wells outside their marriages, notably Banek
with a colleague winningly played by Toni Colette.

Changing Lanes is a parable about humans thrust into stressful situations for
which their training is inadequate to guide them to reasonable resolutions, told
with subtle energy and delicate perceptions. The story often strains our
credulity but the writing and two strong principal performances rescue it every
time.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              872 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 18, 1987, Monday, Late City Final Edition

GOVERNING: 200 YEARS OF TENSION

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. STEVENS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 10, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1699 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, May 17


Independence Hall shines splendidly. Old Philadelphia's greenery has burst forth
in full foliage. Fifes, drums, fireworks, bands and speechmakers are ready. So
are the voting machines.

By happenstance, this city is holding a mayoral primary within a week of the
first big observance of the Constitution's bicentennial: four days of festive
celebration, starting Friday night, to commemorate the opening here on May 25,
1787, of the Constitutional Convention.

The converging of the two events opens new windows on the constitutional system
as it has evolved since 1787. It shines new light on the system's strengths and
weaknesses as it actually operates at sidewalk level in the gritty, sometimes
ignoble, day-to-day life of modern, big-city America.

How Cities Fare

And it promises a historical, political and philosophical experience the likes
of which Philadelphia may not see again for a long time.

Of the week's two events, the mayoral primary on Tuesday is likely to be the
more illuminating. It crystallizes a major question about how well or ill cities
and their governments are served by a system in which the central government,
contrary to the will and expectation of the Founding Fathers, commands decisive
power and resources.

It offers a yardstick for measuring how far the constitutional system has come
since the Constitution's Framers created the system's somewhat spare and
restricted institutional charter. And the primary spotlights a basic tension in
the character of both Philadelphia and the nation. For the Framers, the tension,
which they recognized well, informed everything they did here. For present-day
Philadelphians, it is at the heart of a chronic debate about this city's
character, and by extension the country's.

Civility vs. Brutality

Is Philadelphia a city of civility and beauty and grace? Many people here think
so, especially when compared with some other places, and at this season even
some of its sharpest critics agree up to a point. The parks are full, and people
stride along downtown streets, free and happy in the spring sunshine. Tree-lined
Benjamin Franklin Parkway, with its fountains and museums and Parisian ambiance,
fairly breathes civilization and culture.

Or is it a city of callous brutality, corruption and human suffering? Many other
residents think this is the dominant reality, and there is much evidence on
their side: The misery of the underclass in the slums and the homeless on the
pavement. The misconduct of public officials and their misuse of power. The
deteriorating state of public services. Dirty streets. The seeming paralysis of
local government. The venality of some politicians.

These two views of the city are largely what the mayoral campaign has been
about. Mayor W. Wilson Goode, favored to win re-election, naturally emphasizes
the bright side, his opponents the dark side. Two hundred years ago this week,
as the Framers were drifting into town for the convention, both sides were
similarly on display.

In 1787, Life 'at the Edge'

While the Framers lived and worked in elegance, life for the average
Philadelphian was, in Thomas Hobbes's phrase, ''solitary, poor, nasty, brutish
and short,'' according to a recent study by the University of Pennsylvania. Most
people lived ''right at the edge'' of economic disaster, says Stephanie G. Wolf,
a historian at Penn who was associated with the study. Streets littered with
garbage and fouled by sewage lent much of Philadelphia the aura of one of
today's third world slums. Five percent of Philadelphia's citizens owned half
its taxable wealth. The city government was a closed corporation of upper-class
white men who chose their own replacements as vacancies occurred.

Opportunism and greed flourished, and the Framers, highly aware of the dark side
of the human condition, spent their time here in 1787 largely trying to contrive
a system of government that would restrain that side. ''If men were angels, no
government would be necessary,'' James Madison said. Looked at in this way, the
system that has evolved from the Framers' deliberations is essentially an
instrument for promoting civilized dealings between people in a society that is
often decidedly uncivil, says Michael Zuckerman, another Penn historian.

In the open society that has developed under the Constitution, the system's
attempts to come to grips with and restrain the dark side - to promote civility
- are on everyday display here, and some of the most important have been
spotlighted by the primary campaign.

Responses on 1985 Bombing

The most dramatic attempts have to do with the May 1985 bombing by the police of
a row house occupied by members of the radical group Move. Eleven people,
including five children, died in the ensuing fire, which also destroyed 61
homes. Although other mayoral candidates have generally restrained themselves
from exploiting Mayor Goode's role in the disaster, it has nevertheless been a
brooding presence in the campaign.

Inasmuch as an investigating commission appointed by Mayor Goode concluded that
the police had used the spreading fire as a ''tactical weapon'' in trying to
dislodge the Move members from their house, the affair might be considered an
extreme example of abuse of power. Here is how the system responded:

First, perhaps compelled by the very openness of things, the Mayor appointed the
commission that found him ''grossly negligent'' in his handling of the affair.
Second, the police commissioner who allowed the fire to burn was forced out of
office. He was replaced by Kevin Tucker, a former Secret Service agent who is
credited by civil liberties groups with taking encouraging steps to clean up and
restrain a corrupt and sometimes abusive police force.

Third, Mayor Goode ordered the destroyed houses rebuilt, but the contractor
hired to do it was accused of stealing more than $200,000 in public funds. The
system counterattacked this month when a grand jury indicted the contractor and
excoriated the Mayor for gross mismanagement of the project. A grand jury on the
Move bombing itself is still to be heard from.

City's Needs vs. Money

The homeless who live on Philadelphia's streets are another expression of the
dark side, and it has been ventilated during the campaign in a telling way.
Former Mayor Frank L. Rizzo, running for the Republican nomination, said that
while he felt badly for the sidewalk dwellers, he would charge them with
vagrancy and put them in jail, where they would be fed, deloused and cared for.
His opponent, John Egan, replied, ''The notion that we'd put people in jail for
being poor is totally archaic.''

The deteriorating quality of city services has been a central issue in the
campaign. Mr. Goode has been attacked for this, and for mismanagement,
especially strongly by Edward G. Rendell, his opponent in the Democratic
primary, and by Mr. Rizzo. But, the Mayor rejoins, the city does not have ''a
basketful of money.''

And therein is the clue to what some critics say is a major flaw in the system
of intergovernmental relationships devised by the Constitution's Framers.
''We're one of the few places in the world where cities are left to hang for
themselves,'' says Sandra Featherman, a political scientist at Temple
University. ''In every other nation, cities are essentially supported by the
central government.'' In the American Federal system, she said, ''states own and
control cities and can choose to treat them more or less graciously.''

Philadelphia and many other cities, unable to tap state and Federal treasuries,
where most taxes end up, and unable by law to annex revenue-rich suburbs, have
been treated less than graciously, she said. Dr. Zuckerman of Penn adds that
because of the shift of revenue and power to Washington and the Reagan era cut
in Federal support for cities, city governments have been rendered ''incapable
of taking any real initiatives.''

Groups: Cohesion and Collision

Big cities, says Dr. Featherman, are where the open society operates best and is
on richest display. In a city, she said, minorities can band together in
interest groups for protection and advancement and thereby give teeth to
Constitutional safeguards. In a small town this is more difficult.

But groups also collide, and again the dark side intrudes: The incidence of ugly
racial incidents has risen here, white against black and black against Asian,
and the system is hard-pressed to cope. Occasionally it does win, however: Three
people have been sentenced to jail for racial offenses in two separate cases in
the last year, sending a clear message to others.

One of the system's biggest strengths, some authorities believe, is revealed in
the basic character of the mayoral primary itself. Apart from the obvious
exercise in representative democracy that it is, with Mayor Goode confronting a
wide range of charges of inept management, it illustrates in one way how far the
system has come since 1787.

Mayor Goode, the son of a sharecropper and the descendant of slaves, represents
the rise of blacks to a place in the political sun. That fact alone, in the view
of most political analysts, will win him re-nomination in a primary where more
than half the voters are black.

'They Couldn't Take It Back'

Former Mayor Rizzo, an Italian-American, represented the same thing to members
of that ethnic group when he first became Mayor. His opponent, Mr. Egan, is a
Roman Catholic of Irish descent who dropped out of school and rose to become a
millionaire stockbroker. Mr. Rendell, Mr. Goode's opponent, is Jewish.

''None of those four would be running'' if this were 1787, said Dr. Wolf of
Penn. ''You've now got a political system which must take into account the
concerns and desires of a much broader range of the citizenry.''

When the Founding Fathers said all men were created equal, ''they meant
Protestant white men who owned a piece of property,'' said Dr. Wolf. ''But once
they said it, they couldn't take it back. What we've been doing the last 200
years is redefining 'man' to mean anybody human; and once you redefine it,
everyone has access to the system.

''I think that's a big, enormous change.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: THE CONSTITUTION: 1787-1987

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE:  Series

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              873 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 25, 2006 Saturday

A symbol of our coming chaos

BYLINE: Donald Collins

LENGTH: 1031 words


On Oct. 27, my wife, Sally, and I awoke at 5 a.m. in our Northwest Washington,
D.C., home to start on a business trip to Chicago. We decided to get breakfast
at Dulles International Airport.

We were at Dulles at 6:20 a.m. The line at the United Economy fare line was
staggeringly long. But by 7 a.m. we actually had our tickets in time to press on
the next huge line to get through security.

This took another 40 minutes, punctuated by a TSA employee confiscating my
wife's prescription toothpaste, her eyebrow liner dispenser, her anti-bacterial
hand lotion and her nail polish. Actually, the TSA lady was very nice and deftly
took only a couple of minutes to extract what Sally admittedly should have not
taken in her carry-on luggage.

One of those famous Dulles personnel carrier buses lumbered from the A Terminal
-- the one in the front -- to the C Terminal. We arrived at the C Terminal, got
to the proper gate at 7:52 a.m., just in time to learn that the Chicago flight
had been delayed until 9 a.m.

Consequently, we had plenty of time for Southwest Burrito, the only food service
in sight, which was not bad, and read in a Washington Post article about how no
protective wall to keep out invaders works.

The Great Wall of China would have worked better. But the Ming Dynasty came down
anyway. There may be a lesson for all of us here: No wall works if the will of
the government that builds it fails! That Chinese government showed stupidity
and venality, something our own government appears to want to emulate.

So why tell you of this common snafu of modern travel, one which we all
experience frequently?

Because if our leaders for the past 35 years had been thinking about the
national interest instead of their personal interests, we wouldn't have 300
million people crowded into systems that are becoming increasingly dysfunctional
for the average citizen.

If our captains of industry hadn't decided to import cheap slave labor while
paying our Congress to look the other way, building any wall would not be
necessary. And our population would be about 225 million, not on the way to 500
million by 2050 and 1 billion by 2100.

Here they are backdating their stock options and paying themselves salaries 369
times the average wage of the hourly wage workers in their companies while
paying lobbyists, who outnumber the elected officials in Congress 5-to-1, to
keep the borders open.

These worthies can well afford to take their corporate jets above the maddening
delays at the nation's airports and send their kids to well-run private schools
while watching their minions on the Hill avoid enforcing the laws on the books,
let alone enacting urgently needed controls on immigration.

Of course, with all this imported cheap labor around, our kids get to hang out
in malls instead of cutting the grass or helping with other chores at home or
get a summer job like my generation did. Then, we learned punctuality and the
value of manual labor as a powerful inducement to not do it later in life if
possible.

So send our young men and women off to foreign wars and then don't offer them
the GI education bill if they don't get killed. Or if kids do get to college, be
sure the tuition is exorbitantly high so they can graduate with an indebtedness
so big it would have bought a very nice house in my era.

So what will this election prove? Controlling the incoming House are Open Border
Democrats headed by Nancy Pelosi. The majority of the Senate already is "open
border," as is our president.

Oh, yes, I know you can't wait to know how our trip ended. We finally got to
Chicago, coming out of our jetway just in time to hear the public address
announcer saying that Homeland Security had raised the terror alert level to
Orange (for reasons, of course, no one knew).

Fortunately, our hotel was right across the street and we got to our room
exhausted at 11 a.m. local time -- a simple door-to-door transit of 7 hours.

This sort of uncomfortable daily life circumstance is happening all over America
in our large cities. And it is not going to get better until we understand the
price of being slaves to these captains of industry is very high indeed.

As long as they can buy Congress and the White House, we poor middle-class and
blue-collar citizens are in for a worse drubbing.

Watch what happens to our schools. You think they are bad now? And what about
our public services?

We are moving into a soup of people. No one will know what to do. The rule of
law will be breached again and again. And most of us won't even know it. The
dissolution of our great country will continue if we don't get control of our
elected officials and bring this corporate oligarchy to heel.

Endless growth, open borders, loss of public services we pay for to the growing
hordes of legal and illegal aliens, elections paid for by the special interests
instead of a system of government-funded campaigns paid for from the tax stream,
out-of-control spending by both parties, national debt beyond our ability to pay
for it ever are but a few of the impending disasters.

The solutions are numerous:

o The wall approved by Bush (as an 11th-hour political promise) is a start (if
it ever gets built)

o Stick with paper ballots until we are assured that electronic ones work

o Force public financing for all national elections and gradually work toward
such funding at the state and local levels

o Cut illegal immigration through proper IDs, making employers personally liable
for hiring illegals

o Bring immigration levels back to "replacement"; be conscious that more
population is not necessary

o Make our foreign policy one of conciliation and cooperation, not arrogance and
lack of openness

o Stop using the threat of terror to steal our civil rights and undermine our
democracy.

Quite a laundry list, although one that could realistically be accomplished over
several election cycles. But we must begin with immigration reform as No. 1
right now. Five-hundred million people by 2050 will make urban America
uninhabitable.

Donald A. Collins, a former Greensburg resident, is a freelance writer living in
Washington, D.C., and a board member of FAIR, the Federation for American
Immigration Reform.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 10, 1978, Saturday, Final Edition

ASTA's New Soap at Noon

BYLINE: By Richard L. Coe

SECTION: Style; B5

LENGTH: 317 words


On Blue Mondays, Not-So-Blue Wednesday's and Thank-God-It's-Fridays, it now is
possible to get injections of live soap opera plus box lunches at Capitol Hill's
determined-to-be-useful ASTA Theater, 507 8th Street SE.

For $3.50, one gets a box lunch chosen from nine varieties, buys a cold drink
and munches in one's seat as the lights go down to reveal, on stage, ". . . And
the Pursuit of Happiness." On all three days there are 12:15 and 1:15
performances.  At yesterday's premiere the first house almost filled ASTA's
hundred-odd seats, with almost as many lined up for the 40-minute repeat.

The characters include such Washingtonians as the woman running for City
Council, the teacher who can't leave home without a bottle in her carry-all and
the Georgetown matron zeroing in on a caterer who's lost his credit standing
with the liquor dealers.

Since life more increasingly resembles soap opera than that humdrum existence
romancers once called "life," the effect is subtle.  In cafeterias, one is
fairly furtive about eaves-dropping on soul-searing conversations.  On the other
hand, watching, under ASTA's bright lights, the tremulous passions of Grace,
Heather and Claire, one is perfectly free to gawk, to weep or to laugh
unrestrainedly while munching cheese sandwiches, turkey or hamburger and washing
same down with sugar-free fizz.

Writers Christine brim and Celia Ribando are noteworthy for their compassion
toward such males as Taylor, Doug and Ben, whose failings include boastfulness,
venality and unfaithfulness, those relatively lesser vices through which the
real-life male now follows the example set by soap opera's reactive masculinity.

NOr is one deprived of the soap opera commerical.  "Pursuit's first "message"
was undeniably relevant.  Whether the next step will be for our increasingly
sophisticated audiences to join in with verbal advice remains to be seen.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              875 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                 April 3, 2015
                                 First Edition

NEW RELEASES

BYLINE: Barry Forshaw

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 443 words


PLEASANTVILLE By Attica Locke (Serpent's Tail, £14.99) A warning: never ask
crime fiction reviewers what you should be reading. They will freeze like
rabbits in a car headlight and suffer instant brain freeze. I have one name that
is my default response whenever I'm pinned down in this fashion: Attica Locke.

To say that her debut, Black Water Rising - ambitious, socially committed and
beautifully written - created a stir is almost to understate the case, and one
wonders if it weighed heavily on her shoulders that she would be obliged to
deliver something equally impressive as a followup. She did just that with The
Cutting Season and now we have Pleasantville.

The new novel is set in Houston in 1996 , with a mayoral election in the offing,
and a key swing area is the African-American neighbourhood of Pleasantville. It
has swung every race since it was created in 1949 to house a burgeoning black
middle class. The nomination of Houston's mayor seems to be assured: Axel
Hathorne has the perfect pedigree as an ex-chief of police and the son of the
district's founding father, so he is an obvious winner. But Axel learns that one
should not count one's chickens. A late entrant in the mayoral competition is
defence attorney Sandy Wolcott, who has achieved fame after a much-publicised
murder trial. And then things begin to get considerably worse for Axel: a girl
canvassing for him disappears, and when her body is discovered Axel's nephew is
charged with the murder. Axel's father Sam is keen for Jay Porter (who we first
encountered in Black Water Rising) to defend his grandson, even though Jay is
reluctant. He has grown disenchanted with his job, despite great financial
success. But his attempts to stay out of the courtroom are doomed; a truly
seismic court case is about to change the lives of everyone involved and expose
the venality of some powerful people.

Those holding their breath to see if Locke (inset) could match the achievement
of her earlier books can exhale; Pleasantville is as impressive as its
predecessors, with a new nuance and complexity. As in her earlier work, awkward
political issues bristle at the edges, such as the black families who have
achieved success finding themselves at odds with resentful Latino families
seeking the same advantages - and Jay, increasingly out of his depth in a powder
keg situation, remains a satisfyingly conflicted character.

Locke is moving into riveting courtroom drama and at that is already the equal
of such writers as John Grisham. So the next time you find yourself in the
company of a crime reviewer, don't bother asking who you should be reading. You
know the answer: Attica Locke.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                          November 14, 2012 Wednesday

Justice seeks review from New York Court of Appeals to stop investigation

BYLINE: Denise M. Champagne

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1134  words


Disappointed with an Appellate Division decision dismissing his petition to stop
an investigation by the state Commission on Judicial Conduct, a town justice in
Onondaga County plans to seek a review by the Court of Appeals.

Salina Town Justice Andrew N. Piraino claims the commission exceeded its
authority in investigating him for imposing the wrong fines in hundreds of
traffic cases; that such matters fall within the jurisdiction of the appellate
courts or the Office of Court Administration. He claims it was an administrative
error related to the high volume of cases in his court and that his actions did
not rise to the level of unethical judicial misconduct, as alleged.

The Appellate Division, Fourth Department, in a two-page unanimous decision
issued Friday, disagreed and dismissed his petition, allowing the commission to
proceed. It agreed with the first decision of Onondaga County Supreme Court
Justice John C. Cherundolo who said the commission had the authority to
investigate complaints and gave it the green light to continue.

Justice Cherundolo, however, later revisited his decision after Justice Piraino
brought an Article 78 proceeding, granted permission to re-argue and directed
the commission to provide discovery, prompting the most recent appeal. The
second decision, filed in October 2011, almost five months after the first, was
reversed by the Appellate Division.

"I appreciate the court's decision," said Robert H. Tembeckjian, administrator
and counsel for the Commission on Judicial Conduct. "The Appellate Division,
Fourth Department has affirmed, as have other courts, that under New York law,
an Article 78 is not the proper forum in which to adjudicate charges of judicial
misconduct. The Constitution grants that authority to the commission, subject to
review by the Court of Appeals. The commission may now resume its disciplinary
case against Judge Piraino. "

The commission was represented by attorney Kathleen M. Treasure of the state
Office of the Attorney General.

Piraino is represented by Syracuse attorney Aaron M. Zimmerman, who agreed with
Justice Cherundolo's second decision calling for discovery and allowing for
re-argument.

"We think Judge Cherundolo's most recent decision correctly analyzed the law and
his determination for a fact-finding hearing was correct to determine if the
commission was exceeding its jurisdiction," Zimmerman said. "We feel the
commission was exceeding its jurisdiction and has acted in a fashion akin to
bullying because the commission acknowledged Judge Piraino has not acted out of
venality. "

The commission alleges Justice Piraino failed to follow the law by imposing
incorrect fines, resulting in nearly $20,000 in overcharges and more than $6,000
in undercharges in about 900 traffic cases. There are no allegations Justice
Piraino overcharged defendants to enrich himself. Fines and fees are split
between the local courts and the state.

The commission began an investigation in 2009 after two people who had pleaded
guilty to not wearing a seatbelt complained they were overcharged. The
defendants each paid a $60 fine and later complained to the commission that the
fine, by law, should have been $50.

The commission had stipulated that Justice Piraino's actions were not
intentional, but said it was his responsibility to know the law.

In dismissing Justice Piraino's initial challenge, Justice Cherundolo noted the
commission's inquiry was not whether Justice Piraino had misbehaved, but whether
the commission, after a hearing, had the power to determine whether or not
misconduct had occurred.

That prompted Justice Piraino to file the Article 78 proceeding to prohibit the
commission from investigating and possibly disciplining him, which was followed
by Justice Cherundolo's reversal and new order.

The commission, according to the Appellate Division decision, claimed Justice
Piraino had not established a clear right to prohibition and had an adequate
remedy in that he could appeal, by right, any decision it would make to the
Court of Appeals.

The Appellate Division ruled the lower court erred in reversing its earlier
decision.

"Prohibition will not ordinarily be warranted where the grievance can be
adequately addressed by alternative proceedings at law or in equity, such as by
motion, appeal, or other applications," the panel wrote, citing Matter of
Feldman v. Marcus, 23 AD3d 559, 560, leave denied 7 NY3d 703; Matter of Town of
Huntington v. New York State Division of Human Rights, 82, NY2d 783, 786; and
Matter of Eberhardt v. City of Yonkers, 305 AD2d 501,502.

Because he can appeal a decision to the Court of Appeals, the Appellate Division
found Justice Piraino is not entitled to prohibition and that "prohibition is
only available when a court of quasi-judicial body exceeds its jurisdiction in a
manner that implicates the legality of the proceeding itself (see Matter of Rush
v. Mordue, 68 NY2d 348, 353; and Matter of State of New York v. King, 36 NY2d
59, 64), which is not the case here. "

The higher court concluded the commission has jurisdiction to investigate and
discipline petitioner for the alleged misconduct, (see generally Matter of
Gilpatric [State Commission on Judicial Conduct], 13 NY3d 586,589 [at 588-90]).

Zimmerman said the way the system is set up, the commission can basically do
whatever it wants and that only once a judge has been "tarred, feathered and run
out of town," can he ask the Court of Appeals for a review.

"That's what this Appellate Division decision implies is that the judge has no
right, no recourse until the commission does whatever it decides to do," he
said.

Zimmerman maintains if there is no impropriety, the commission does not have
jurisdiction to conduct an investigation.

"The Appellate Division has chosen not to accept that argument," he said. "The
Appellate Division judges don't seem to understand that they are as subject to
the subjective analysis of the Judicial Commission as the lowest town and
village judge and they have now chosen not to accept the opportunity to limit
the procedures utilized by the Judicial Commission.

"If a judge commits an error, that's what the appellate courts are for,"
Zimmerman said. "A judge should only be subject to disciplinary action if a
judge has acted with intemperance, has stolen or acted based on impure motive or
the like. "

The case is Matter of John Doe v. New York State Commission on Judicial Conduct
(2012 NY Slip Op 07428). The title now refers to John Doe, commonly used in
confidential matters, because it is reverting back to the commission where
proceedings are confidential. Article 78 proceedings are open to the public, as
are those of the Court of Appeals.

Justice Piraino has been one of the town's justices since being elected in 1993.

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 30, 1993, Saturday

A candidate with a taxing problem

BYLINE: Dick Williams

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 16

LENGTH: 607 words


That kind of a fraternity would pledge a man like you?" asks the domineering
frat boy of one of the nerds in "Animal House."

Updated, it's "what kind of a taxpayer would trust a man like Martin Luther King
III?"

A newsman I know is fond of saying that only reporters who own homes and pay
property taxes should be sent out to cover city or county budget hearings.

How can a voter choose a county commission chairman who never has paid property
taxes and managed to so botch or ignore his federal taxes that the Internal
Revenue Service slapped liens on him of more than $ 200,000?

No election-time scandal in memory so neatly dovetails with the critical issues
in this contest.

Fulton County - land of palm trees in the face of burdensome tax reassessments,
land of the Taj Mahal and county literary magazine in the face of 40,000
property tax appeals - might find itself with a commission chairman with an
aversion to paying taxes but a penchant for levying them.

King, the commission vice-chairman until recently, lives at home with his mother
so he doesn't pay property taxes. His disclosure forms list no assets or
business interests. But when the feds believe an additional $ 200,000 is
warranted for just four tax years, it's reasonable to believe King is making a
handsome living from speeches and appearances.

As troubling is where King came up with the $ 150,000 to satisfy the IRS. He
borrowed it from a family member, his lawyer said. In one of those revealing
video moments, WSB-Channel 2's Richard Belcher asked him how much he paid. "You
know it," said Belcher. "How much did you pay to settle this?"

King looked startled and lost. He turned to his attorney for help and walked out
of the room. Did he know the amount or was this more of the campaign strategy of
keeping him under wraps and letting others speak for him?

When King did speak, he attacked Mitch Skandalakis, his opponent, for "wild,
unsupported accusations." But the tax liens in question were public documents
available to anyone at the courthouse.

Questions are raised about both savvy and venality. A smart politician with t he
ambitions of Martin King would never allow a tax dispute with the feds to run
for a year as King did with his returns for the four years in question. Smart
politicians pay promptly.

Federal questions about expense deductions are fair game for voter scrutiny. And
so is the question of a would-be county chairman who has to turn to family to
bail him out. Is there a repayment schedule? Has he been living beyond his
means?

Those are questions someone might readily ask if he or she were a homeowner
whose assessment went up 40 percent or whose neighborhood was damaged in a
rezoning voted by commissioners who receive campaign contributions from
developers and contractors.  Martin King's campaign - a short one because of his
abrogation of the notice periods in the Voting Rights Act - has been a sort of
ventriloquist act. His adherents might find him much like the Ronald Reagan they
so despised.

He has declined routine press interviews, sent surrogates out to debate
Skandalakis and relied on the professional handlers and national contributions
that his family name bring him. His press spokesman is a lawyer. That's being
careful.

Voters in the state's largest county shouldn't want a chairman with strings
attached and whose words come from others and whose taxes may as well.

Many of them were inclined to give a look to Skandalakis, the leader of the tax
revolt. Now they know King both started that protest and silently joined it.
That's revolting.

Dick Williams is a Journal editorial columnist.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933080272

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              878 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 7, 2002 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

A 'Law and Order' Addict Tells All

BYLINE:   By MOLLY HASKELL;   Molly Haskell is the author most recently of
"Holding My Own in No Man's Land: Men and Women, Films and Feminists" (Oxford
University Press).

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2208 words


WALKING up Madison Avenue through the usual thicket of cellphones, I heard my
first interesting snatch of conversation since that accursed invention forced an
avalanche of inanities on our ears. A woman was saying: "He's a bastard.
Justified homicide." She didn't have to mention the quality of the food on
Rikers Island for me to know she was one of us, the not-so-secret addicts of
"Law and Order," Dick Wolf's long-running, ubiquitously syndicated, hydra-headed
NBC series about New York cops and district attorneys. I know it's a hit of
major proportions around the country, too. Its ratings are phenomenal. Like
Woody Allen, it travels better than you'd think.

But its heart beats to a New York rhythm, its in-jokes and phony addresses and
familiar locations are for us and us alone. These days, with its spinoffs and
reruns, the show has become something of a joke itself, risking critical
contumely and self-parody by spreading like an oil slick into every unoccupied
slot on television. But the miracle is that it hasn't worn out its welcome, and
the spinoffs have developed distinct and different virtues of their own. If
anything, like an old friend, like New York itself, "Law and Order" has grown
more precious since Sept. 11.

Familiar stories (the Mayflower Madam, Lisa Steinberg); locations from Chinatown
and the Battery to the quadrangle of a certain well-known uptown university
(bordered by the Low Memorial Library and Butler Library); working-class cops
and D.A.'s with their own baggage and biases; a story with a beginning, middle
and end: all have become, since the terrorist tragedy, as much consolation as
diversion.

The standard and often justified criticism of long-running shows is that they
begin to try too hard, recycle material, make disastrous cast changes. Of those
cast changes "Law and Order" can certainly be accused: How could they kill
Claire? How could they get rid of Jamie for the fashion-plate Angie?; I still
miss George Dzundza, and some of the new D.A. babes look as if they spent more
time on their hair than their law books. But I'm amazed at the health of the
basic organism, how it survives and adapts not only to weaker cast members but
also to the changing times and moods of the city itself. It seems to me the
number of convictions on the show rose during the Giuliani years, for example,
as exasperation with judges throwing out evidence and perps getting off on
technicalities reached critical mass.

On the other hand, the show remains marvelously evenhanded. The sheer quantity,
the multiplicity of shows, allows for a roughly equal distribution of venality
over time. Good and bad apples are to be found among whites and blacks, Asians
and Hispanics, cops and robbers, thus avoiding the deadening hand of political
correctness.

In its 12-year history, and as it roams with egalitarian fervor into every area
of the city, showing how intertwined different ethnic groups and neighborhoods
are, "Law and Order" has rubbed up against a remarkably complex range of social
issues: from capital punishment (a harrowing show in which Sam Waterston's D.A.
is forced to watch the execution of a criminal his office had prosecuted) and
biotechnology (Is a dead man's widow entitled to his ex-wife's frozen embryos as
part of the estate?) to constant badgering and second-guessing from the media,
and ever-present issues of class and race. (Should blacks be accorded more
lenient treatment after years of inequity, or is that a more pernicious form of
racism, damaging to both blacks and the law?) And there's the vexing question of
how we temper the either-or edicts of criminal law with a more nuanced
appreciation of the enormous (but incalculable) influence of environment and
genes.

ALL of these thorny matters, plus the often questionable tactics of the law
enforcers themselves (deals and lies and subterfuges for the greater good),
constitute pressures that bend and sway the law so that its determinations are
never completely clean or bias-free. Yet for all the question marks it leaves,
and however queasy the aftertaste, its conclusions are never open-ended. There
is a thin line between outright corruption and necessary compromises, but there
is a line, and it is faithfully maintained. And there's a consolation in
watching our city, its institutions and protectors survive, battered but intact,
week after week.

Especially welcome after the real-life cataclysm that robbed us of many of our
finest and bravest, "Law and Order" remains a testimonial to the teamwork and
no-nonsense valor of the cop on the beat. Long before 9/11 shifted our
perceptions in that direction, the show had been chipping away at the stereotype
of the bad cop, humanizing the men and women in blue.

Central to that process and to the proletarian soul of the show has been Jerry
Orbach's divorced detective with a hard-drinking past, Lennie Briscoe, the 27th
Precinct's maestro of the reality-check wisecrack that zaps the pretensions and
fads of the upper-crust celebrity-plutocracy of New York. Managing the complex
tone of black humor in the face of horror, he surveys bodies lying in an East
Village boutique and when told it's a "vintage" clothing shop, says, "Oh, yeah,
I think I recognized my old bowling shirt." When told a perp smokes high-end
cigars, he remarks, "They're hard to find since Demi Moore and the beautiful
people started smoking them."

The show is a time capsule, reminding us of a time when the worst things that
happened were individual crimes with (mostly) single vics: a Park Avenue
philanderer found in a pool of blood, or a black dope pusher wrongfully arrested
for murder, or an S-and-M artiste hanging by his leather belt, or a ranting
homicidal psychopath, suddenly back on his meds, turning into a slick legal mind
who can mount his own defense.

Even the show's more lurid siblings -- "Special Victims Unit" (which deals with
sex crimes) and "Criminal Intent" (in which a Columbo-like Vincent D'Onofrio
uses guile and brainpower to seduce a villain into self-exposure) -- are not so
harrowing that they keep you up at night. The original classic is, for some
people I know, the cup of Ovaltine that, with reassuring predictability, tucks
them in at night. One couple falls asleep, like clockwork, just before Sam
Waterston or Steven Hill (the pre-Dianne Wiest D.A.) has closed the office door
with yet another rueful apercu. They're on the late-night rerun track, whereas
my husband and I are on the early-bird cocktail-hour shift, on A&E at 7, or at
least we were until a week ago, when the 7 p.m. reruns moved to 6, and we
followed.

FOR those of us who are hopelessly hooked, the symbiosis with "Law and Order"
begins with its physical presence on this corner or that, turning iconic and
less well-known quarters of the city into a New York set. As it reaches into all
areas of the city, from the barrio to the boardroom, from prisons to institutes
of higher learning, the show restores New York's rightful place as capital of
glamour and grit at a time Hollywood has abandoned us for Toronto, that cheaper,
cleaner but ersatz "New York."

The New York of "Law and Order" may be as much a myth as the skylines and dance
floors and Park Avenue apartments that starred in an earlier, more rhapsodic
vision of the city. But its myth is modern, multiethnic, capacious in its reach,
and startlingly close, something you can reach out and touch. Many's the time
I've stumbled onto a shooting and felt as if I were living inside it, like "The
Truman Show."

Likewise when watching an episode with particular geographical resonance. Like
the scene in "Criminal Intent" in which the art dealer perp is standing in front
of the Church of the Heavenly Rest (where my husband and I were married) with
the Guggenheim Museum (right around the corner from our apartment) in the
background, complaining about the vacuity of the museum's motorcycle show. Or
the "Law and Order" episode in which the highbrow suspect (a New York variant of
the Unabomber, Ted Kaczynski) provides his alibi: at the time in question, he
was, he says, at the Metropolitan Museum, listening to the free chamber music on
Friday night, "one of the few civilized things left in this city."

Then at a more advanced level of addiction, the show is a member of the family.
It is a ritual woven into our lives as "their stories" become ours, a mirror
that not only reflects matters of civic concern, that packs a wallop as a crime
show and is wittier than most (streetwise suspects with "priors" know the angles
and how to deal better than any law student), but also serves as a template in
which we vicariously act out and perhaps exorcise little conflicts of our own.

When in a group the subject comes up, we shriek with delight at discovering
fellow hard-core fans. The first question is, When did you first turn on? The
conversation becomes more sheepishly confessional. Which show(s) and how often?
Time(s) of day? Do you have a limit on repeats of any particular episode? How
long until you recognize it?

We compare notes on how the show insinuates itself into our lives, creating a
whole set of games and guilty rituals that vary from person to person, couple to
couple. My husband and I have established ground rules: only one a day. Watch no
episode more than three times. One of the few benefits of growing old and dim, I
remind my friends, is that we'll all be able to watch "Law and Order" over and
over again without remembering if we've seen it.

For us, the evening begins with the Dragnet-like opening: "There are two
separate and equal . . . These are their stories." Then the teaser precredit
sequence: cops in a patrol car stopping at a deli for coffee, their kvetching
rudely interrupted by a gunshot. Two black women walk into a pawn shop to find
its owner dead on the floor. A husband and wife arguing -- in a car, on the
sidewalk, in the garage -- when suddenly they stumble over a corpse. In the
precredit sequence, husbands and wives are always arguing, presaging the
connubial carnage to come.

I REMEMBER the sequence vividly, but not what follows, since the opening is a
deliberate feint, setting you up for one kind of tragedy before zigzagging in a
whole other direction. My husband, who has total recall for movies, has none for
the opening scenes of each episode of "Law and Order" and will insist that we've
never seen a particular show. I counter that not only have we seen it, but we've
seen it more than the allowed three times. A dispute ensues, as difficult to
adjudicate as some of the conflicts on "Law and Order." Will we watch it again
until his memory clicks in (by which time we're already into the courtroom, too
late to start another) or will we go ahead and put on one of the "Law and Order"
tapes we keep in reserve?

We love the episodes in which husbands or wives kill each other. They allow us
to express all sorts of murderous feelings vicariously and playfully. We pretend
(heh, heh) to pick up tips and ideas, using the jargon of the show. The
efficiency of various weapons and methods, alibis, and so on, we've got it all
figured out, even how we'll play it when arrested.

Bail, for instance. My husband, though perhaps not an upstanding member of the
community (his fondness for the prone position works against that), is such a
known homebody, so averse to travel of any kind, that the idea that he might
pose a "flight risk" would have the judge falling off the bench. On the other
hand, that same clinging to the hearth will limit the freedom of movement and
location that provides plausible alibis. An "accident" in a car or private
plane, indeed one that involves extensive locomotion of any kind, is out of the
question. But my husband does teach at Columbia. Does the student employment
office offer hit men as well as bartenders?

Bonding with the show means that you feel its sorrows as your own. The departure
of a beloved cast member can be traumatic. The stories themselves can break your
hearts: parents, of both the victims and the perpetrators, who lose their
children, to death, to drugs, to crime, to lovelessness and missed
communication.

Even more wrenching are the rare eruptions of grief from the regulars. Who can
forget the scene in which Lennie sits in wordless companionship with an old
friend, a cop recently exposed for corruption, on the small patio of the
friend's house in Queens? Or when he visits a wounded Paul Sorvino, playing his
partner, at the hospital, and offers desperate words of cheer, trying to
reassure him -- and himself -- that he'll be back on the street in no time. I
could be dead. I could be wounded. I could be crooked. I could have gone down in
a river of booze. But here I am. So goes the unsung threnody, the
there-but-for-the-grace-of-God lament, that runs through the show, imbuing it
with a magisterial tone of dignity.

Over and over it is brought home to us, at the end of each episode, that
whatever small triumph has been achieved, it's just a drop in the bucket. We're
holding fast for now, but tomorrow's another day when we might prove less
resistant to temptation, might finally slip across that thin line between the
urge to kill or steal or betray or take a little on the side and actually enjoy
doing it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 14, 2002



CORRECTION: A front-page article last Sunday about the television show "Law and
Order" misidentified the character who visited his wounded partner, Phil Cerreta
(played by Paul Sorvino), in the hospital. It was Mike Logan (Chris Noth), not
Lennie Briscoe (Jerry Orbach).

GRAPHIC: Photos: Jerry Orbach, left, and Sam Waterston, big-city crime-fighters.
(pg. 1); Jerry Orbach, right, with sidekick, Jesse L. Martin, center. Like an
old friend, like New York itself, the show is more precious than ever. (Studios
USA); Shooting "Special Victims Unit" on West 17th Street, top, and, above, Sam
Waterston with Elisabeth Rohm. The show roams with egalitarian fervor into every
area of the city. (Studios USA); (Nicole Bengiveno/The New York Times)(pg. 14)
Chart lists the ratings for the three "Law and Order" series for February. (pg.
14)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              879 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 2, 2011 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

A man's life winding down, or back up

BYLINE: Carolyn See

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 659 words


Years ago, near Jackson Lake, Wyo., there was a terrific literary conference
about the West, attended only by writers from the West. One of the goals was to
civilize these Rough Writers. Guests received invitations written in meticulous
calligraphy to something called "The Dinner Party" with a feather from hostess
Terry Tempest Williams.

Once there, the question was: Who was the most Western of us all? Jim Harrison
won hands down. The novelist had muscles like a buffalo, drank too much and
listened to academics and women with barely concealed amusement and contempt. It
was whispered that after the chaos of the 1960s, he had retreated to the woods
to find some shred of civilization and peace of mind.

Now, some 30 or 40 years after that Dinner Party weekend, the West is still
rolling along; bears sometimes show up along with the mail in populated
communities like Pasadena; and Harrison is still writing sentences that make you
yearn for more.

If I seem to digress, it follows the theme of his new novel, "The Great Leader,"
a dark, wry story about a man troubled by loss and life's big questions.
Detective Sunderson has just gone through the agony of his retirement party,
where he proved to be so deficient in common decency that he sodomized a frisky
teenager hired as party entertainment against a cord of wood while his
enthralled colleagues watched from snowy windows.

In truth, Sunderson is going through two of the worst traumas that any man can
experience, outside of the horrors of war: 1. He has lost his job, "his defining
profession"; 2.  After a marriage of 40 years, his beautiful wife, Diane, has
left him. She complains that he's unable to see anything but what's wrong in the
universe. (Which is undeniably true. He's obsessed by the stupidity of Congress,
the disgraceful way Indians have been treated and the general venality of
American life.)

As the story develops, Sunderson tries to control his shaming desire for the
16-year-old girl next door, pals around with a bookish half-breed, goes for long
walks in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and drinks far too much. He's waiting for
brook trout season to begin, although he's not above snacking on the fresh doe
liver that his friends serve up to him as consolation. Sunderson is still
sick-in-love with Diane, who's married again, and he is a compendium of bad
habits, but he walks every day and somehow keeps his life in balance.

As for the Great Leader of the title, Sunderson has met him several times
before. He's a two-bit intellectual who spent a lot of time at the library at
U.C. Berkeley inventing a religion with 100 levels of spirituality. His
congregation includes 12-year-old girls with whom he can have sex. No one, not
the children nor their parents, want to press charges, and Sunderson is already
retired, so the whole case is amorphous. But violent things happen, with real
consequences, and people get hurt, leading Sunderson to more reading and to
pondering a heavy question: What exactly is the connection between "sex, finance
and religion." Criminal behavior and the eventual chase are only incidental
here. Harrison is interested in Sunderson's life as it may be winding down - or
unexpectedly winding back up.

Sunderson is an attractive man (he looks exactly like Robert Duvall), and he
whiles away his time with a wealthy heiress who cries incessantly and a
sweet-faced Mexican nurse whose narco brother killed her husband.

But Harrison insists on a perfectly ordinary life for Sunderson. Occasional sex,
too much drinking, a lot of laughing and thinking and more drinking and talking.
And also that great big torch he carries for the wonderful Diane and a reverence
for nature in general and brook trout in particular. He's a man's man in the
very best sense of the expression - a man we'd love to camp out with if we could
only put up a tent.

bookworld@washpost.com

See reviews books regularly for The Post.

THE GREAT LEADER

By Jim Harrison

Grove. 329 pp. $24

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  November 29, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Natural Extension

Nina King

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04; BOOK WORLD

LENGTH: 931 words


LIGHT ACTION IN THE CARIBBEAN

Stories

By Barry Lopez

Knopf. 162 pp. $ 22

Although he has published seven works of fiction, Barry Lopez is best known as
the author of two nonfiction "nature" books, "Arctic Dreams" and "Of Wolves and
Men." In his new collection of short stories, Lopez deftly integrates his
environmentalist and humanitarian concerns with the storyteller's art of using
the particular to evoke the general.

Or, to put it baldly: This is a man with a message, a point of view, a
cause--which is not necessarily the best stance for the writer of short fiction.
But the subjects and settings are so attractively varied that they never grow
tedious. Here are a few examples:

In 17th-century Peru, future saints Martin de Porres and Rosa de Lima attain
spiritual transcendence through sexual ecstasy ("The Letters of Heaven"). In a
federal prison in California, an American Indian shares his ancestral beliefs
with his cellmates ("Emory Bear Hands' Birds"). In one of the Persian Gulf
states, booming with oil money, an American seeks manuscripts left by his
murdered mother ("Mornings in Quarain"). In a futuristic society "one hundred
and twelve years after the Universal Holocaust," four carefully chosen "Lords of
War" keep the peace ("In the Garden of the Lords of War").

A handful of recurring themes and motifs bring these 13 stories together in a
whole greater than the sum of its parts. Among the themes are the importance of
place, of belonging to a place; the need to link past and present; the intricate
bonds between fathers and sons; and, most important, the relationship between
man and nature. In the opening story, "Remembering Orchards," the narrator muses
about his youthful failure to recognize and appreciate his late stepfather's
thoughtful and affectionate manner of pruning the trees in his filbert orchards.
In an unusually heavy-handed version of the book's central theme, the stepfather
and two of his sons die horrible deaths from chemicals intended to protect the
filbert trees.

The "good" characters in these tales are gardeners or craftsmen--furniture
makers, a printer, the maker of a model ship, a master mapmaker. These are
people who work with their hands and their brains, who work in collaboration
with the earth and its products. In the final story, "The Mappist," the master
mapmaker, a frustrated former government employee named Corlis Benefideo, has
retreated to a remote corner of North Dakota to work on the mapping of the state
in the most minute and beautiful detail--1,651 maps in all: "The first map was
of ephemeral streams in the northeast quadrant of the state. . . . The next map
showed fence lines, along the Missouri River in a central part of the state. . .
. The following map was a geological rendering of McIntosh County's bedrock
geology. . . . The next sheet was of eighteenth- and nineteenth-century foot
trails in the western half of the state." Benefideo is given some of Lopez's
most direct statements of his themes: "I've nothing against human passion, human
longing. What I oppose is blind devotion to progress, and the venality of
material wealth. If we're going to trade the priceless for the common, I want to
know exactly what the terms are."

If the orchard man and the mapmaker have learned how to live, the opposite is
represented in the title story, "Light Action in the Caribbean." In it, a couple
of new lovers head for a Caribbean diving vacation. She's a bit of a bimbo. He's
a showoff, know-it-all businessman, slightly shady, who likes to wave wads of
cash around and to make a fuss about choosing the wine for dinner. She is
terribly impressed by him. Together they represent many of the ills of
capitalism and consumerism, the twin devils of these stories. Nonetheless, they
hardly deserve the grotesque fate that awaits them.

Birds play a special role in many of these stories, with all the obvious
inferences of flight and freedom and transcendence. In "Mornings in Quarain," a
hundred imported parrots flutter around a hotel garden that has become a
gigantic cage, outfitted with ingenious devices to protect the hotel guests from
bird droppings.

Lopez is a sweet stylist, finding the right voice for each of his characters and
offering lyrical descriptions of natural beauty. In "Emory Bear Hands' Birds,"
American Indian Emory enthralls his cellmates with his stories about animals and
his belief that there is a "totem animal" looking out for each of us. This tale
gives new meaning to the term "jailbird." It is one of two or three stories in
the collection that suggest an outbreak of Latin American magic realism. The
most notable of these is "The Construction of the Rachel," in which a model ship
grows to full size and sails away, laden with monks seeking Brazil. Another
likely influence on Lopez is Jorge Luis Borges, especially on "The Construction
of the Rachel" and the copiously titled "Ruben Mendoza Vega, Suzuki Professor of
Early Caribbean History, University of Florida at Gainesville, Offers a History
of the United States Based on Personal Experience." The "history" consists of
one paragraph about the family's place in Cuba before the revolution, followed
by 11 pages of bogus notes and bibliography. But all the apparatus of
scholarship cannot obscure the suffering of Mendoza Vega for his lost son.

Not all of the stories in this collection are of the same high quality as "The
Construction of the Rachel." Some are very slight. But the sum of these
disparate stories is a memorable book.

Nina King, associate editor of Book World.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              881 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Disputed Election Stirs Memories of Louisiana's Shady Political Past

Blaine Harden, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1181 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


As usual, Election Day here in the Big Easy was not a showcase for democracy.

Mary Henderson, who would have been an 87-year-old registered Democrat if she
had not died four years ago, found a way to vote. Her signature -- courtesy of
someone who cared enough to forge her name -- appears on the Nov. 5 voting list.

A living voter who fears retaliation if his name is disclosed said he was paid $
150 to vote three times: "A man approached and asked me if I voted yet and I
told him no and he asked me if I would like to make some extra cash and I told
him yes and he took me to [three polling stations]."

In an interview taped by Republican investigators, this man said he voted, as
instructed, for pro-gambling ballot measures, as well as for Mary Landrieu, the
Democrat who won a seat in the U.S. Senate. Her margin of victory -- 5,788 votes
out of 1.7 million cast -- was the closest of any Senate race in the nation this
year and the closest in Louisiana history.

These and other curiosities of Louisiana politics are included in the 15 volumes
of allegations that losing Republican candidate Louis "Woody" Jenkins delivered
this week in Washington to Senate Rules Committee Chairman John W. Warner
(R-Va.). The evidence is the heart of Jenkins's uphill quest to persuade the
Senate to dispatch investigators to New Orleans and, he hopes, unearth evidence
to nullify Landrieu's victory.

"The pattern of election misconduct, irregularities and fraud was so great that
more than 5,788 votes were fraudulently cast," claims Jenkins's petition. His
allegations include vote buying, multiple voting, forged signatures of dead
people, illegal gambling contributions to mobilize voters for Landrieu and a
coverup by Democratic officials.

For her part, Landrieu sees Jenkins's charges as merely an "irritant," according
to her lawyer, Tony Gelderman. Landrieu refused to speak to the charges herself.
"She doesn't want to argue with Mr. Jenkins. She knows this is not anything to
be too riled up about. She is preparing herself to be a voting member of the
United States Senate," Gelderman said.

Like spicy food and stupefying heat, wormy elections are part of the fabric of
life in Louisiana. As former governor Earl Long observed in the 1950s when
automated voting devices were brought into the state to reduce voting fraud,
"Gimme five [electoral] commissioners, and I'll make them voting machines sing
'Home Sweet Home.' "

The ambient venality of politics in this state was immortalized in "All the
King's Men," the Robert Penn Warren novel rooted in the life of Huey Long: "From
the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud . . . there is always
something."

In the case of Jenkins vs. Landrieu, students of New Orleans voting practices
agree that a Senate investigation of November's election would probably come up
with something odiferous.

"The amount of gambling money on the street on Election Day was unique. The
closeness of the vote was unique, and there were a lot of get-out-the-vote
practices here that will not stand up to scrutiny. If Senate investigators come
down, they are going to find things that will embarrass some people," says Susan
Howell, head of the political science department at the University of New
Orleans and a former worker in the city political organization of Mayor Marc
Morial (D).

But whether the smell of scandal would be rank enough to force Landrieu out of
the Senate -- or force a new election -- is an altogether more vexing question.
Lacking overwhelming evidence of fraud, both houses of Congress, regardless of
which party is in the majority, have historically been reluctant to meddle with
election outcomes.

"History is dotted with the occasional cases in which challenges have been
successful, but for the most part, the attitude of House members and senators
has been no," said Eric Lane, a professor at Hofstra Law School and co-author of
a book on the legislative process. Since direct election of senators began after
the 1913 ratification of the 17th Amendment, only four challengers have
persuaded the Senate to overrule the outcome of an election.

"They have to be tremendously close, within the range of 10 to 15 votes. And
they would have to really have some evidence of fraud," said Lane, adding that
GOP control of the Senate seems unlikely to change the institution's deep
reluctance to meddle in election results.

Here in Louisiana, a number of political analysts are predicting that Jenkins,
49, an outspoken social and fiscal conservative, will not be able to leap this
historically high wall of Senate skepticism. Many voters, both Democrats and
Republicans, accuse Jenkins of sour grapes. Analysts remember that when Jenkins
lost a Senate race in 1980, he also complained of shenanigans by the New Orleans
Democratic machine and its alleged manipulations of black voters.

"Woody is trying to use the generally bad reputation of Louisiana politics to
fill in the holes in his case," said political analyst John Maginnis.

That generally bad reputation was given a new and lucrative twist this year by
the infusion of an estimated $ 10 million of campaign spending by gambling
interests. Casinos and video-poker operators were fighting for their business
lives. Local-option referendums gave voters the chance to ban various forms of
gambling made legal by the state legislature.

For the most part, the gamblers won, using saturation advertising and generous
infusions of "street money." Casinos hired thousands of Election-Day workers who
handed sample ballots instructing locals to vote for legalized gambling and for
Landrieu.

As Landrieu has conceded, it was gambling's well-heeled effort that pushed her
over the top. Even though Landrieu opposes gambling, the voters who supported it
tended to be Democrats. Her political gain from casino spending to get out the
vote is viewed by analysts here as a matter of good luck, not illegal scheming.

Jenkins, though, alleges that Landrieu illegally benefited from gambling money.
And Ken Gross, a Washington lawyer who served in 1994 as a special counsel to a
House panel investigating voting fraud, says that Jenkins "does raise some
questions . . . if corporations printed a sample ballot with Mary Landrieu's
name on it." But Gross is quick to add that, even if violations of federal
election law were proven, that would hardly be grounds for kicking Landrieu out
of the Senate.

"That would be a campaign finance issue. The Federal Election Commission Act
does not have within its power the overturning of an election," he said.

The U.S. Constitution leaves it wholly up to the Senate to decide what evidence
it deems relevant for overturning an election. So far, Rules Committee Chairman
Warner and the ranking Democrat, Sen. Wendell H. Ford (Ky.), have announced only
that the committee has hired two outside counsels to review Jenkins's evidence.
The two Washington lawyers, William B. Canfield and Robert F. Bauer, have been
asked to recommend whether the charges should be dismissed or investigated.


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/alex brandon; Photo, ap/bill haber, Republican Louis "Woody"
Jenkins, above, is attempting to have the election of Mary Landrieu to the U.S.
Senate nullified. His petition to the Rules Committee alleges a "pattern of
election misconduct, irregularities and fraud."

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              882 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday

BYLINE: Emily Heil and Elizabeth Brotherton, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: HEARD ON THE HILL

LENGTH: 1196 words


Too Sexy for the Twin Cities? Her novel dishes about the seamy side of the
political fundraising world - particularly the one inside the GOP's money-making
machine - so one wouldn't expect former Republican fundraiser Nicole Sexton,
who's now with the ONE Campaign, to be the GOP's favorite author.

Still, those who felt exposed by the truth-as-fiction book "Party Favors"
apparently took their literary tastes a bit further than

just taking the book off the list for the next book club gathering. According to
his agent, Sexton canceled a book signing scheduled for Sept. 2 at a local
Barnes & Noble bookstore because "top GOP officials" put pressure on her and on
the nonpartisan ONE Campaign to nix the event.

A similar event at a Denver-area Borders bookstore during the Democratic
National Convention went off without a hitch.

Sexton's literary agent, Maura Teitelbaum, who's with Abrams Artists Agency,
says Republicans didn't like the way their buck-raking operations were portrayed
in the novel, which follows a young fundraiser who becomes disenchanted with the
venality and loose ethics of her profession.

"It's a shame that in this historic presidential election, when we should be
focused on important issues like the economy and the war and global warming,
that there are politicians that feel it's important to squash a book signing,"
she tells HOH. "It's disheartening."

GOPers might not have liked the book's (fictional, of course) depiction of some
fundraisers who skimmed huge amounts of money from their donors, or the way
fundraisers REALLY view many donors - with a combination of pity and repulsion.
An RNC spokesman said he knew nothing of the incident. But Teitelbaum says the
book should open people's eyes to dirty secrets on both sides of the aisle.
Besides, she says, it's just a fun read.

"I mean, it's a pink-and-fuschia-covered book!" she tells us.

Plight of the Pretty. There's been plenty of debate as to whether Alaska Gov.
Sarah Palin (R) is qualified to be vice president, but there's been little doubt
that she's, well, kind of a hottie.

And while the pundits dig into Palin's political experience and government
record, HOH is here to analyze how the former beauty queen's attractiveness will
affect her campaign to be the nation's No. 2 gal.

Fortunately, there's an expert on such things.

Liza Figueroa Kravinsky is the maker of "Beauty: In the Eyes of the Beheld," a
documentary studying the effect of beauty on women. And although most wouldn't
be overly sympathetic to the plight of the really, really good-looking, being
beautiful is a Catch-22 for Palin, Figueroa Kravinsky said.

"Her looks got her in the door, I think, because she won a pageant and won local
office. I'm sure her looks really helped there," Figueroa Kravinsky told HOH.
"But at a certain level as a beautiful woman rising her in her career, it can
hurt her."

Palin already has been objectified, with significant news coverage focused on
her looks, Figueroa Kravinsky said. It's possible Palin will even dress to
downplay her beauty.

"I think there's a reason why she wears glasses," Figueroa Kravinsky said. "And
it's a good thing that she's not blond."

Not So Fast. Before you leave the Twin Cities, local Rep. Jim Ramstad (R-Minn.)
has a few suggestions for you. HOH caught up with Ramstad, whose district wraps
around Minneapolis, on Wednesday at a lunch sponsored by the Creative Coalition,
for some thoughts on what Minnesota sights we shouldn't miss before we pack up
and head back to Washington. Ramstad says visitors to his part of the world
should be sure to check out the Mall of America - which happens to be in his
district, natch, and drop some serious coin. "They should spend a lot of money,
because our economy needs it," he said.

Which practically makes that Nordstrom splurge a patriotic duty.

Also on the Congressman's don't-miss list: a pair of downtown Minneapolis
landmarks, the Walker Arts Center and the Guthrie Theater.

Ramstad's wife, Kathryn, chimed in with a suggestion of her own. She says
visitors shouldn't head back to Washington without visiting one of the nearby
lakes (one of the 10,000 lakes referenced in the state's nickname). "They're
great for a picnic."

He Was for Palin Before Palin Was Cool. Presumptive Republican presidential
nominee Sen. John McCain (Ariz.) might have shocked the political world when he
named Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate, but he didn't shock John
Suter.

The 59-year-old Alaska resident had been personally lobbying McCain to pick
Palin since April, spending his own cash to create bumper stickers reading,
"Mothers Against Government Corruption: Gov. Sarah Palin for VP, John McCain for
President." He also sent letters to McCain's Senate and his presidential
campaign offices urging the Senator to pick Palin, Suter told HOH.

The improbable effort became so big that Palin herself got word of it, and sent
a personally written note to Suter as a thank you, he said. Suter even chatted
up the governor in July at a picnic in her hometown of Wasilla, where he told
her he'd continue to send bumper stickers and letters around advocating for her
nomination.

"I said to her, if you know Sen. John McCain's home address where he gets mail,
I'll mail it there," he recalled. "She said she didn't know, that I just had to
mail to the Senator's office."

Aside from being a Palin promoter, Suter is well-known in Alaska for having
raced standard poodles in the annual Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race, and he once
ran for state Senate. He said he supports Palin for her willingness to take on
government corruption and believes she'll soon win over the American people.

"Right now, of course, she's going through the slings and arrows," he said. "But
in time, it will work out."

Prince of the Wild Frontier. For all the hubbub about vice presidential
candidate Sarah Palin - you know, the Alaska governor who skinned a moose with
her bare hands, yada-yada - she's got nothing on Dave Crockett. Yep, that would
be the descendant of Davy Crockett, the legendary backwoodsman and Congressman.
The younger Crockett is here to work with the National Wildlife Federation, just
about the only environmental group with a major presence at the Republican
National Convention.

Appropriately for the heir to a frontiersman, Crockett, an avid sportsman
himself, is pushing bipartisan efforts to protect wildlife. He wants to win the
support of hunters and anglers - many of whom are Republicans. Crockett and his
allies are emphasizing the threat from climate change and the necessity for a
clean-energy policy to preserve nature. Their work is bolstered by a poll the
group released last week that found that 80 percent of sportsmen support
clean-energy policies, while 75 percent believe that "America has a moral
responsibility to confront global warming".

More than half of the sportsmen polled consider themselves to be politically
conservative, which gives the federation's efforts at the RNC particular
significance. Notably, the poll found that a significant portion still hasn't
committed to a presidential candidate.

Ruth Lonvick contributed to this report.

Please send your hot tips, juicy gossip or comments to hoh@rollcall.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Roll Call, Inc.


                              883 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 2, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Fistful of Dollars

BYLINE:  By Franklin Foer;  Franklin Foer is an associate editor at The New
Republic.

SECTION: Section 7; Column 1; Book Review Desk; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 680 words


GLASS HOUSES
Congressional Ethics
and the Politics of Venom.
By Susan J. Tolchin
and Martin Tolchin.
202 pp. Cambridge, Mass.:
Westview Press. $27.50.

Decades before soft money, Democratic congressmen relied on the bottom drawer of
Sam Rayburn's desk. Brimming with cash, it was the campaign account for
generations of candidates. When his stack of bills diminished, he'd summon
lobbyists for a refill.

If you listened to the recent debates over campaign finance reform -- with John
McCain's broadsides against the "iron triangle" of special interests -- you
might assume that not much has changed. But Susan J. Tolchin, a political
scientist at George Mason University, and Martin Tolchin, editor of The Hill, a
Washington weekly, argue that the reformists' rhetoric is a bit overheated:
"Lawmakers are more honest and more ethical today than ever before."

Their short book, "Glass Houses," explains how Congress cleaned up its act --
indeed, how it grew so obsessed with ethics that the subject became the central
battleground between the two parties. The reform movement got its start in the
wake of Watergate: with reporters hot to uncover Nixonesque venality,
congressmen realized that clean politics was good politics and produced campaign
finance reforms, stringent ethics guidelines and new self-policing committees.
And despite the best efforts of lobbyists, the reforms mostly worked. Autocratic
chairmen like Robert Sikes, who used his position on the military appropriations
panel to increase the value of his stock market holdings, were forced to step
aside. Behavior of the backbenchers improved markedly.

Sounds great, right? The Tolchins are ambivalent. They argue that corruption had
been replaced by another debilitating condition: excessive partisanship. The
authors retell the political history of the past decade as a series of
Torquemada-like investigations and Gambino-like reprisals. First, Newt Gingrich
rose from obscurity by sinking his teeth into the ankle of the Democratic
speaker, Jim Wright. According to the Gingrich complaint, Wright sold bulk
batches of a privately published memoir to his supporters, netting $71,000.
Wright retired and Democrats sought revenge, investigating the sexual
hypocrisies of Senator Bob Packwood and going after Gingrich for abusing a
political action committee and cutting his own shady book deal. When Gingrich
resigned in 1998, hounded in part by allegations of adultery, he declared he was
unwilling to "preside over people who were mindless cannibals."

"Glass Houses" is one of the first books published on Congressional ethics, and
you can understand why. The subject is tedium incarnate. The post-Watergate
reforms have effectively rooted out colorful corruption. Harassment cases aside,
Congressional ethics now involves the picayune -- the Senate's $50 limit on
gifts, the fine print of book deals and obscure corners of campaign finance
regulations.

In other words, the Tolchins are fundamentally right about the silliness of many
of the regulations that constitute the corpus of Congressional ethics.
Unfortunately, they sound the alarm a bit too loudly. Take their chapter on
Packwood, which describes him as a "sacrificial lamb" and the victim of a
"fishing expedition." This is a bit too kind. Packwood faced a dozen allegations
of sexual harassment, including the charge that he regularly slipped unwanted
kisses on the mouths of his female staff members. Then there's the charge that
he obstructed justice by destroying and altering his diaries. Their treatment
highlights a fundamental flaw in their thesis: they can't name a single
politician whom Congress has unfairly punished.

In the end, "Glass Houses" seems a bit anachronistic -- a relic of the Gingrich
era, when ethics battles really raged. Perhaps George W. Bush has really changed
the tone in Washington. Or maybe impeachment exhausted Congress's partisan
energies. The Massachusetts congressman Barney Frank provides the Tolchins with
an equally persuasive explanation: "Gingrich was like a bad tooth. Having been
pulled, the infection is over."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              884 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Death in Texas

BYLINE: By GINIA BELLAFANTE

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; BIG CITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 851 words


Euless, Tex., a suburb of Fort Worth, is a town of about 54,000 people, with a
low rate of poverty, an average home-to-work travel time of 23 minutes, Italian
restaurants and Thai restaurants and 18 parks. A few years ago it attracted the
interest of David Hofer, a young police officer in Manhattan's Ninth Precinct,
in the East Village, who was researching places where he might live and begin a
family that weren't quite as noisy as New York, or as expensive, or as alienated
from the natural world. Early in 2014, he joined the Euless Police Department;
his girlfriend moved to Texas with him. They got engaged and bought a house.

A move from New York to a comparatively small town in Texas might seem
improbable enough, but there were other aspects of David Hofer's life that any
superficial account of his upbringing might not have predicted. He had arrived
as a child in New York from Switzerland, where his father, Helmut Hofer, a
prominent mathematician and a leader in the area of symplectic topology, took a
position at New York University, eventually moving on to the Institute for
Advanced Study in Princeton, N.J. From fifth grade on, David attended St. Ann's,
the independent school in Brooklyn where ''The Odyssey'' is introduced in
preschool, and where 16 out of 20 children in a class might tell you that they
hope to become playwrights or sculptors. He graduated in 2005, a year after Lena
Dunham, and went on to N.Y.U.

Until David Hofer died this month, shot in a park by a 22-year-old with a long
criminal record, who police said had stolen guns from a nearby home, a police
officer hadn't been killed in Euless in 34 years. Part of the appeal of Euless,
Officer Hofer's friends said, was the sense of safety it provided, the feeling
that it was a less chaotic place to patrol than the Lower East Side, and that
officers were afforded a lot of good will. ''Dave would say, 'I want to go to a
place where cops are loved,''' his lifelong friend Jesse Barocas told me. ''He
had too much respect for himself and other cops to feel differently.''

A cynical view of people in their 20s and 30s today -- particularly those reared
in the private-school world of New York -- is that they are guided by a
corrosively fierce ambition often directed merely in the service of glamour,
venality or empty fame. David Hofer sought none of those things. Nor, given his
pedigree, did he arrive at his career in the absence of other things to do. ''He
did not become a police officer because he needed a job, or because it was the
path of least resistance, or because of the pension plan,'' another childhood
friend, Martin Connor, told me. ''He was a very intelligent person capable of
doing many things.''

For as long as any of his friends can remember, and often to their bewilderment,
David Hofer wanted to serve the world as some sort of first responder. A gamer
at a young age, he could build and rebuild computers by the time he was in
middle school, though that did not seem to stir up fantasies of Silicon Valley.
On Sept. 11, 2001, just as his first year of high school was beginning, David
became stranded in Brooklyn Heights -- his family lived in downtown Manhattan --
and he stayed with the Connor family for two nights. Mr. Connor's father, also
named Martin, was a longtime state senator; he eventually got David a ride home
in a police car with four detectives. ''That ride after 9/11 cemented his
decision not only to be a first responder but particularly to join the police
force, because he felt he could have the biggest impact, the chance to help the
most people,'' the younger Mr. Connor said.

Not long after he joined the Ninth Precinct, Officer Hofer was partnered with
Brian Rozanski, who had grown up in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, and earned a teaching
certificate, but could not get a job as a public-school teacher because of a
hiring freeze. ''Dave always looked like he was thinking; he was always two
steps ahead of the game,'' Officer Rozanski said. ''Even with the simplest 911
call, he had a plan, a plan of approach, he knew where to park the car.'' He
approached his encounters with dignity. In Euless, he came upon a homeless
family on his beat; instead of hassling them he gave them $100. ''I don't think
anyone who ever engaged with Dave said, 'Oh, Officer Hofer here has been
disrespectful,''' Officer Rozanski reflected.

The two partners had grown so close that over the last two years, Officer
Rozanski visited Euless every other month. David Hofer had, in fact, become such
a proponent of his new home that he persuaded a handful of other young police
officers from New York to move to Texas, too. ''He had an apartment in the
beginning,'' Officer Rozanski said. ''He'd pick me up from the airport. He had a
one-bedroom for the kind of price you could never find in New York. We'd sit
outside on his balcony with a drink and he'd be smoking a cigar. He looked so
much less stressed. He had his peace of mind.''

Follow The New York Times's Metro coverage on Facebook and Twitter, and sign up
for the New York Today newsletter.

Email: bigcity@nytimes.com




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/13/nyregion/death-in-texas-an-officers-odyssey.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ­PHOTOS: A funeral Mass for Officer David Hofer was held at St.
Patrick's Cathedral on Monday. He was killed on March 1. At left, his fiancée,
Marta Danylyk, center, and his sister Meret Hofer attended the service.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARK LENNIHAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS
 PAUL MOSELEY) (MB7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              885 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            August 18, 2012 Saturday

Chasing Amy -- scenes from a marriage gone tragically wrong. . .

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Books

LENGTH: 415 words


Missouri-born Gillian Flynn, who's Irish-American by background, had previously
written two dark thrillers that won considerable international acclaim but, good
though they were, they didn't prepare me for Gone Girl, which manages to be
truly thrilling while also offering a merciless portrait of a marriage gone
badly wrong.

In chapters narrated alternately by each spouse, journalists Nick and Amy meet
cute in Manhattan, fall in love, get married and appear to be the ideal couple,
but almost from the novel's outset something seems not quite right -- Nick's
oddly detached view of his wife borders on the creepy, while Amy's diary entries
suggest a needy perfectionist who evades reality in girly fantasies aboutwedded
bliss.

Then both of them fall victim to the recession and end up in Nick'sMissouri
hometown, where onemorning Amy vanishes, seemingly the victim of a violent
abduction.

Nick is less than honest in describing his whereabouts that day and it's not
long before the local police start to regard him as the guilty party.

For the first 200 pages, the reader -- who's reliant on the separate confidings
of Nick and Amy -- remains just as bemused as the investigating authorities
about Amy's fate. And then exactly halfway through the novel, a suddenrevelation
takes the story into even darker territory, while also requiring a revaluation
of all that's been told so far.

Flynn handles this quite brilliantly and sustains credibility right to the
closing pages, and though some readers may find the final twist not entirely
persuasive, the author's mastery of plotting and pace makes this an outstanding
thriller.

But it's also a blackly comic dissection of the way men and women approach
relationships and then of the way they behave inside those relationships.

Male readers will cringe at Flynn's unflinching exposure of masculine baseness,
venality and self-delusion, while she's just as beady-eyed about the way women
can deceive, manipulate and control their partners -- the savagery of her
insights barely tempered by the gleefully comic prose in which she couches it,
so that you wince at the barbs while acknowledging their unerring accuracy.

Reese Witherspoon has been so taken with Gone Girl that she's bought the rights
and intends to star in it, which seems like shrewd casting. Indeed, with the
right director, it could be an outstanding movie.

But read the book first, which is already outstanding -- one of the finest
American novels I've read in a long time.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 23, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

SEC Chief: 'Gentler' Agency;
Pitt Reaches Out To Accountants

BYLINE: David S. Hilzenrath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 539 words


Harvey L. Pitt yesterday used his first formal speech as chairman of the
Securities and Exchange Commission to signal a gentler relationship with the
accounting profession, a frequent target of criticism under his predecessor.

Addressing accounting industry leaders, whose interests he represented for two
decades as a private lawyer, Pitt promised "a new era of respect and
cooperation."

The last SEC chairman, Arthur Levitt Jr., faulted accountants for doing too
little to protect investors from misleading corporate financial reports and made
accounting fraud a top enforcement priority.

"Somewhere along the way, accountants became afraid to talk to the SEC, and the
SEC appeared unwilling to listen to the profession," Pitt said. "Those days are
ended."

Pitt noted his appointment this month of a senior accounting industry executive
to a key SEC post. With former Ernst & Young vice chairman Robert K. Herdman
working as the SEC's chief accountant, Pitt said, "the commission will make
sound decisions, in a respectful, affirmative way, not in a demeaning, demanding
or demonizing way."

The SEC released the text of Pitt's speech to leaders of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants in Miami Beach.

Levitt had fought the AICPA over accounting firms' growing reliance on
consulting contracts that he said compromised their independence from the
corporations whose books they are responsible for auditing.

Citing his experience representing the AICPA and the Big Five accounting firms,
Pitt said the AICPA "has always evidenced its deep commitment to protecting the
public interest by ensuring that investors have access to reliable financial
information."

Lynn Turner, who was Levitt's chief accountant, said, "Based upon what Harvey's
saying now, I don't think he'd take a confrontational position with respect to
accounting firms or the AICPA."

Pitt said in an interview yesterday that he is trying to make the SEC "a kinder,
gentler place for everyone," not just accountants. Pitt said he feels "very
strongly that the government is a service business, and that's why I want to set
a new standard of discourse."

In his speech, Pitt said "practices that reflect venality and disservice" to the
investing public "will not be tolerated."

On accounting policy, Pitt said the SEC needs to consider supplementing the
current system in which companies issue quarterly and annual financial results
with more immediate disclosure of other information as it becomes available.
That approach, which has support within the industry, could generate more
business for accounting firms.

Pitt also suggested simplifying financial disclosures to make them easier for
ordinary investors to understand. And he questioned "whether our accounting
principles provide a realistic picture of corporate performance," saying that
when voluminous rules get in the way of providing clear information to
investors, "then it is time to change them."

AICPA President Barry C. Melancon said Pitt's speech was received "very
positively" at the gathering in Miami Beach. When Pitt was being considered for
the job of SEC chairman, the AICPA praised him as "someone we could work very
closely and cooperatively with," Melancon said.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              887 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 5, 2013 Saturday

Paul Thomas: Sore losers who seethe with rage

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 804 words


The leaders of America and Iran are talking to each other for the first time
since 1979, but US domestic politics remain mired in communication breakdown.

Obviously we can't attach too much significance to the contact between Barack
Obama and Hassan Rouhani - one 15-minute phone conversation doesn't make a
rapprochement - but for a moment it was possible to believe that the
long-expected and dreaded confrontation over Iran's nuclear programme isn't
inevitable.

Then Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu, leader of the only nuclear-armed state in the
Middle East, entered stage right with a bucket of cold water, making it
abundantly clear he'll do everything in his power to stymie a diplomatic
solution.

We can, however, attach plenty of significance to what's happening in Washington
DC.

There have been government shutdowns before, but the degradation of the
political process since Obama assumed the presidency in January 2009 gives
reason to be concerned about the direction in which American politics is going.

Where America goes, the rest of the world tends to follow.

Americans have always had an equivocal attitude towards democracy. On the one
hand, they're democratic to a fault, electing rather than appointing all sorts
of officials (although not dogcatchers, notwithstanding the saying that so and
so "couldn't be elected dogcatcher".)

On the other, their suspicion of government and willingness to believe the worst
of those they elect indicate a lack of faith in the system and their own
judgment.

A component of this negativity is the view of Washington as a cosy club where
principles are purely for show and the legislative process is a succession of
"you scratch my back, I'll scratch yours" deals made behind closed doors in
smoke-free rooms.

The enduring influence in popular culture of Frank Capra's 1939 movie Mr Smith
Goes to Washington, starring Jimmy Stewart as the young straight-arrow senator
overwhelmed by venality and corruption, suggests this perception of how
Washington works is deeply embedded in the American psyche.

This, in turn, reflects a view of Washington itself as a political Bermuda
Triangle where principles disappear without trace. (The political class has
contributed to this perception: "Running against Washington" is a tried and
tested campaign strategy.)

It also, and more problematically, reflects an aversion to compromise and
consensus politics.

Which is where the Tea Party comes in. Wrapped in a star-spangled banner of
self-righteousness and armed with cast-iron conviction, the hallmark of
ignoramuses and fanatics, the Tea Party is on a crusade to restore "true
American values".

The corollary of this world-view is that anyone who doesn't agree with them is
"unAmerican".

It doesn't take much imagination to see how this approach is incompatible with
the democratic process as we know it.

Democracy resembles sport in that both depend on the participants playing by the
rules, abiding by the referee's decision and accepting the outcome.

The Tea Party-aligned faction of the Republican Party has forced a government
shutdown because Obama and the Democrats won't gut the Affordable Health Care
Act aka Obamacare, or won't delay its implementation so the Tea Partiers can gut
it.

They portray Obamacare as sinister, alien and authoritarian even though the
Democrats had been trying to introduce something similar for the best part of a
century, and despite it bearing an uncanny resemblance to the Massachusetts
health care scheme introduced by former Governor Mitt Romney - the Republicans'
2012 presidential candidate.

Health care reform was part of Obama's platform when he was elected in 2008; it
then passed through the difficult legislative process to become law.

The Republicans themselves made last year's presidential election a
quasi-referendum on Obamacare. By going to such lengths to obstruct it, they are
declaring they're no longer bound by the rules of the game.

Their methods - forcing a government shutdown, playing fast and loose with the
US and therefore global economies over the debt ceiling - amount to
hostage-taking: if you don't give us what we want, we'll burn the house down.

When it involves guns and bombs and people dying, we call this sort of behaviour
terrorism. It shouldn't need to be said that terrorism is the antithesis of
democracy.

Ultimately democracy is a means of managing divergence of opinion and ensuring
the divisions which exist in all societies don't lead to conflict.

It assumes that over time support for the broad political philosophies will ebb
and flow, so no movement or party will have a monopoly on power.

The Republicans are effectively saying that they're not prepared to wait for the
electoral cycle to work in their favour - they want to call the shots even when
they lose. It's important for all of us that they don't get away with it.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 10, 1991, Sunday, Final Edition

Freud and the Heart of the Matter

James S. Gordon

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X4

LENGTH: 1059 words


LOVE AND ITS PLACE IN NATURE;A Philosophical Interpretation of Freudian
Psychoanalysis

By Jonathan Lear Farrar Straus Giroux. 243 pp. $ 18.95

FREUD'S STUDENTS and followers have always been eager to claim the master's
blessing and the weight of his authority for their own perspectives. His
tentative explorations and casual asides have become the basis for whole schools
of thought and therapy. This, his interpreters tell us, is what Freud really
meant, where he would have enlarged his work if only he had had the time or the
courage or the perspective to do so.

While Freud was alive, many of his most brilliant revisionists -- Jung, Adler
and Reich, among them -- won his enmity. Since Freud's death, the revisionists
have been freer to characterize themselves as developers and distillers of the
founder's work. In a time when psychoanalysis is criticized and questioned by
proponents of biological therapies, by a vast array of psychotherapists and by
many in the self-help movement, Freud's contemporary interpreters have generally
also been modest. They tend to sound like preservers and propagators of a
valuable and threatened tradition rather than challengers for the leadership of
an insurgent movement.

In Love and Its Place in Nature, Jonathan Lear has written one of the more
sensitive and surprising of the revisionist texts. Lear, who is a professor of
philosophy at Yale as well as a clinical associate of the Western New England
Institute for Psychoanalysis, approaches Freud deferentially but insistently.
His concern is with three themes of the psychoanalytic "revolution" which Freud
sounded but did not systematically explore, "related elements whose significance
we have only begun to understand": Freud's creation of a "science of
subjectivity"; "the discovery of an archaic form of mental functioning"; and
"the positing of Love as a basic force in nature".

As Lear teases these themes from the body of Freud's work -- combining rigorous
textural analysis with some strenuous logical extrapolations -- a new form
begins to appear. It is a hopeful vision which, with Lear's insistent guidance,
one can imagine beckoning to the master, drawing him onward through the long
days in the consulting room, the painful revelations about human vulnerability
and venality, the constant revising and reworking of his theoretical edifice,
and the interminable politics of psychoanalytic organizing. Freud, Lear tells
us, was coming to understand that human development is a phenomenon of love and
that the method by which he had come to understand this development --
psychoanalysis -- was itself an instance of that love.

This is not, of course, immediately apparent -- Freud was a great and often
gloomy realist -- and Lear is at pains to help us appreciate what he has come to
see in his master's work. He begins by explaining that the drives which fuel our
infantile mental functioning are striving not only for satisfaction but for
fulfillment; their development comes to completion only with a conscious
understanding of their aims and objects. This understanding of drives and their
aims and inhibitions is the psychoanalytic project, but it is also, Lear,
insists, the human project: The unexamined life for Lear, as for Freud and
Socrates, is not worth living.

THE SAME sense of developmental process informs Lear's discussion of Love (Lear,
like Bruno Bettelheim, insists on the intimacy and immediacy of the English
rather than the formal Latin of Freud's first translators -- so Love rather than
Eros, It not Id, I not Ego). Lear notes that in Beyond the Pleasure Principle
Freud discussed Love as the basic animating force of all life. Lear urges us to
see that this is also a fundamental biological and psychological fact for each
individual: The infant comes to constitute itself as an I by identifying with
the loving attention it receives from a "good enough" world. This loving
attention provides a model which the I emulates as it accepts and gives form to
the drives of its own It. Every subsequent step in development represents an
expansion of this process, an increase in complexity and comprehensiveness:
"Love," in Lear's paraphrase of Freud, "tends to ever higher unities . . . As I
develop in complexity so does the world as it exists for me."

Psychoanalysis, the science which enables one to appreciate this developmental
process, is itself a manifestation of it. It is in that sense a new kind of
science, one that must by its very nature be subjective. We tend to expect that
science is neutral, Lear explains, because the world itself is "assumed to be
neutral." But if we believe, as Lear shows Freud believing, that the world is
filled with purposeful development, that the evolution of humans toward
understanding and individuation is their purpose, then a science adequate to
understand this purpose must also be one which partakes of it -- not a
dispassionate science, but a subjective, purposeful one, animated by and
manifesting itself as love.

There are some problems with this dense, difficult and rewarding book. Some of
Lear's interpretive leaps seem, if logical, unjustified. He unfortunately
provides no cultural context for his perspective, no nod to the work which has
led many contemporary physicists to postulate a similarly purposeful and
subjective science. His writing lacks the clinical and personal element -- the
revelations about himself and his patients -- which inform and leaven Freud's
work. And, finally, his occasional condescension -- particularly his poorly
explained distaste for "self help" books -- is unpleasant and unearned. But
these dissatisfactions didn't significantly dilute the pleasure I took in the
elegance of Lear's argument and the passionate hopefulness of its message.

Those of us who have been trained in psychoanalysis and the other helping
professions are indebted to Lear for his inspirational portrait of Freud's
developmental science. Perhaps it will help us to understand and appreciate the
creative and healing power of love, a force and a word which we, in
embarrassment, omit from our deliberations and discussions -- at our patients'
peril and our own.?James S. Gordon practices psychiatry in Washington and
directs the Center for Mind-Body Studies. He is a clinical professor at
Georgetown University School of Medicine.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              889 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             May 20, 1992 Wednesday

THE THIRD MAN

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: LAIDLAW R

LENGTH: 368 words


The third man T HE Texas billionaire, H. Ross Perot, represents no political
party. But the duopolistic American political machine must be getting worried
about his impact on this year's presidential election. On the latest opinion
polls he has seized a remarkable lead in public acceptance over the incumbent
Republican, President George Bush, and his likely Democratic challenger,
Governor Bill Clinton. There seems ample evidence in this development to prove
the point that Americans are fed up with big-party politics. It is a change in
emphasis that is reflected this side of the ocean. The perils of George Bush and
Bill Clinton are a signal warning to Australian big-party leaders. President
Bush has only a 28 percent approval rating. Governor Clinton has 24 percent.
Billionaire Perot has 33 percent. It might be said that even on 33 percent, Mr
Perot has little to crow about. He remains at this point in the campaign a
phenomenon rather than a candidate. He has enunciated no policies on substantial
matters. He is armed with a deep contempt for President Bush and the political
establishment, epitomised by the venalities of Washington DC. Neither has Mr
Perot yet declared his candidacy. Should he do so, the effect of his presence in
the November race is almost certainly that President Bush will be handed
victory. Mr Perot might be expected to split the vote _ he is drawing equally
from the Bush and Clinton camps _ and thus tip the incumbent over the line for a
second term. He is thus a spoiler, like that other political fringe-dweller,
columnist Pat Buchanan. There is no deep evidence that Americans are ready for a
Clinton presidency. His private life remains an issue. His Democrat-driven
social policies are a downer. Yet there is no deep evidence, either, of
Americans suddenly seized by the glittering prospects of a second Bush term. The
President is rated a no-show on solving inner city problems, and a poor show on
economic ones. The American electorate seems even more badly disquieted by
social ques- tions. Neither President Bush nor Governor Clinton have come to
grips with national renewal. And Mr Perot's recipe (whatever it turns out to be)
cannot be implemented.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              890 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             March 13, 2015 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 314 words


College Students Behaving Badly is, alas, an all-too-common phenomenon. A
fraternity in Norman, Okla., went way over the line, though, in a disgusting
video that managed to ricochet across the Internet.

In just eight seconds, the members of Sigma Alpha Epsilon managed to use a vile
racial epithet multiple times, made a sick joke about lynching and swore never
to admit an African American to membership.

To its credit, the national organization of SAE - which has admitted African
Americans in other chapters - quickly yanked the offending chapter's charter.
And University of Oklahoma President David Boren acted forcefully and
decisively, expelling the rogue chapter from campus and expelling two student
ringleaders. An investigation is continuing.

Boren, a former governor and U.S. senator, clearly understood the severity of
the offense.

This is not a matter of free, if despicable, speech. This was out-and-out racist
provocation, at a time when race relations in this country have hit a tense
chord. A university, as a forum for free inquiry open to all students of all
backgrounds, cannot afford this kind of intimidation.

The lynching reference was especially reprehensible.

What magnified this was our new digital age. In the bad old days, SAE's
despicable behavior would have been confined to the basement of the frat house.
In seconds, however, the Internet broadcasts this filth worldwide, where it
seeps into corners where bigotry, venality and thuggery thrive.

Our schools are already having to cope with the malign effects of cyberbullying,
which spreads taunts and insults far beyond the recess yard.

Educators and officials need to act, fast and hard, against such digital
outbreaks, as President Boren did. And parents need to make sure their
adolescents understand that careless words posted on social media could follow
them, and haunt them, for the rest of their lives.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 13, 1986 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

SELF-INTEREST IS ALWAYS THE PRIORITY IN POLITICS

BYLINE: Maximilian Walsh

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1115 words


JOHN HOWARD has probably never even heard of James McGill Buchanan. He certainly
has not read his works. Professor Buchanan, to give him his formal title, has
just won the Nobel Prize for economics. He is professor of economics at George
Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia and general director of the Centre for the
Study of Public Choice.

It can hardly be said that Professor Buchanan's award has been greeted with
enthusiasm by the world of economics. In fact his win has been treated with
sniggers as something of a bad joke in some quarters.

That is because Professor Buchanan's main work has been describing and analysing
what the John Howard's of the world do naturally.

I pick on John Howard because of his decision this week to join the Democrats in
opposing the amalgamation of the ABC and the SBS. This provides a very simple
case study of the Buchanan theory of public choice.

In Buchanan's own words: "Public choice (theory) can best be summarised by
saying it takes methods and approaches that economists have traditionally
applied to the private sector and extends that method and approach to the
political sector and politics." The not surprising bottom line is that
politicians and bureaucrats are primarily concerned with their own private
interests, not public interest.

Or as Paul Keating has said in quoting his mentor Jack Lang: "In the race of
life always put your money on self-interest - you know it is trying." And the
overwhelming self-interest of politicians is to get re-elected.

It is this motivating factor which has led to the election and failure of three
right-wing democratic governments in the form of Malcolm Fraser, Margaret
Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. Each was elected on a platform of smaller
government. Each failed to deliver.

That is because politicians essentially enjoy voting on spending programs. But
what they do not like is going back to their electorates and telling them that
they have to raise taxes. There is nothing terribly radical or one might say
insightful in this theory. Indeed it is far from new.

It is suggested that the Nobel Prize went to Buchanan because the Swedish jury
wanted to make its own political statement in a nation with the largest public
sector in the Western world.

If Buchanan's theory finished with merely documenting the venality of
politicians and bureaucrats then his award would stand as a monument to empty
gestures.

But it is Buchanan's proposition that deficits are now endemic and chronic in
democratic political systems and the way this can be tackled is what should be
judged. According to Buchanan: "Keynesian economics turned the politicians
loose; it destroyed the effective constraint on politicians' ordinary appetites
to spend and spend without the apparent necessity to tax."

Keynes's General Theory published in 1936 provided a rationale for using budget
deficits as a way of overcoming the deflation and rising unemployment of The
Great Depression. But in the post-war era Keynesian deficit financing has been
happily appropriated by politicians as a way of justifying their self-interest;
of gratifying voters with large spending budgets that contain no additional
taxation pain. In the latest issue of Forbes magazine it is reported that
Buchanan saw The Great Depression with its near breakdown in the capitalist
system bringing on a major intellectual-political-economic turning point.

Buchanan says we are at a similar turning point today with debt mounting to the
crashing point. He says, people recognised that the system failed them in the
1930s. Today, too, people can see there is political failure. Politics has
over-extended itself. Politicians have tried to do too much, and one result is
more cynicism and scepticism - which can be seen (in the US) in the mostly lower
voter turn-out at elections. Buchanan is quoted by Forbes: "Public choice in
this context is nothing more than providing an intellectual framework for what
people are observing anyway. I've never said that my vision of political
structure and process is different from the classic views going back to Adam
Smith and Thomas Jefferson."

It's Buchanan's views about how to solve the debt problem of the late 1980s and
its threat of impending crash that are most interesting.

Again, as he acknowledges, these are not original (nor it should be pointed out
were Keynes's in 1936). Where Keynes's predecessor by some 40 years was a
radical journalist by the name of Hobson, Buchanan owes his insight into solving
the most entrenched problem of the 1980s to a contemporary of Hobson's, the
Swedish economist Knut Wicksell.

In a paper published in 1896 on New Justice in Taxation Wicksell argued that to
achieve reform in economic policy it was necessary to change the rules under
which politicians or civil servants operated.

Wicksell argued that if the people were to have some guarantee that an outlay
was worth making, then the tax for it should be subjected to a straight up and
down vote requiring unanimous approval by the politicians.

What Wicksell saw in 1896 as the dangerous propensity of politicians to
overspend has become a galloping addiction in the post-Keynesian era. Buchanan
says in Forbes: "The US budget deficit is the simplest, best, illustration of
what I'm driving at. Politicians recognise that the incentive structure is
wrong, but they can do nothing about it."

His solution in the US context is a constitutional amendment requiring a
balanced budget; not overnight, but phased in with loopholes (requiring a big
Senate majority) to cope with war or national emergency.

In essence he is not against increased government spending providing people are
prepared to fund it with taxes.

Also, the provision that a large Senate majority could override the balanced
budget during times of war or other major crises thereby permitting counter
cyclical spending.

That the Buchanan proposition is given serious attention, considerable support
in a lip service way, says something of the state of politics in the US.

In Australia, which has but a tiny fraction of the natural wealth of the US, a
far less resilient economy, rates of inflation, unemployment, national and
foreign debt per capita significantly worse, and a deteriorating balance of
payments situation,

we have nothing like the Buchanan proposal on anybody's political agenda.

John Howard's exercise in humbug this week - that he will oppose amalgamation of
the ABC and SBS now (in order to win ethnic votes) but approve it later(this is
supposed to appeal to fiscal conservatives) proves that while James McGill
Buchanan may not have deserved the Nobel prize the laureate is right about one
thing.

It does not matter what a politician says, self-interest rules!

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1986 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 January 1, 2002 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

QUIZ TIME: TAKE YOUR BEST SHOT AT WHAT WILL UNFOLD THIS YEAR

BYLINE: DAN GILLMOR column

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 815 words


I have no idea where stock prices will be at the end of this year. If I did, I'd
have a different job. That doesn't stop me from guessing, of course.

And it's among the many questions in my annual multiple-choice set of
predictions, many of which will undoubtedly look foolish a year from now.
(Apologies, as always, to William Safire, New York Times columnist
extraordinare, whose office-pool predictions sparked this knockoff in the first
place.) "All" and "None" are allowed as choices; answers are at bottom.

1. Silicon Valley and the Bay Area will have an economic upturn based on a)
government anti-terrorism and civilian-surveillance products; b) unexpected
strength in corporate information-technology spending; c) biotechnology
breakthroughs.

2. The federal judge hearing the Microsoft antitrust case will a) accept the
settlement as is and throw out the objections of the nine states still opposing
the deal; b) postpone a ruling while she hears testimony on the states'
objections; c) get so angry at the arrogance and other behavior of Microsoft and
its lawyers that she makes unjudicial statements, causing an appeals court to
remove her from the case.

3. Apple Computer will a) introduce a best selling home entertainment and
information hub that connects computers, televisions, stereos and toasters; b)
sell a handheld computer that signals the death of handhelds running Palm and
Microsoft operating systems; c) be bought by Sony; d) move a server version of
its OS X operating system to Intel-compatible computers; e) enjoy a year in
which no journalist uses the word "beleaguered" to describe the company.

4. The most important development in the online world will be a) the outlawing
of anonymity in cyberspace; b) a security breach so massive that e-commerce
utterly collapses; c) a general recognition that Microsoft will control the
Internet the way it controls desktop computing; d) the demise of e-mail in an
ever-growing flood of spam.

5. After multiple investigations into the implosion of energy giant Enron, it
will be clear that the central causes were a) slippery insider dealings; b)
accounting incompetence and/or venality; c) a massive failure of regulation; d)
political influence peddling.

6. The Wall Street Journal editorial page, looking at the same facts in the
Enron mess, will conclude that fault lies with a) Bill Clinton; b) too much
regulation; c) trial lawyers; d) the American Civil Liberties Union.

7. Broadband Internet access will a) remain mostly a pipe dream as phone and
cable companies further slow their deployment amid consumer indifference; b)
grow moderately as companies pay for telecommuting employees' access; c) make
such dramatic gains via grass-roots wireless deployment that the
telecommunications giants lobby successfully for laws curbing the growth of
these grass-roots systems; d) become a national priority, with congressional
enactment of a taxpayer-funded fiber-optics network connecting every home and
business.

8. The hottest personal-technology products will be a) combination mobile phones
and personal organizers, led by Handspring's Treo; b) tiny video cameras; c)
cheap PCs preloaded with distributions of Linux that run all popular Windows
programs without the need for the Windows operating system; d)large but
affordable flat-screen television sets.

9. The owners of copyrighted entertainment and other intellectual works will a)
work with users of copyrighted material to find a balance of interests that
preserves both fair use and the incentive for creation of new works; b) buy
enough members of Congress to repeal fair-use rights once and for all; c)
discover technological fixes that provide absolute control over copyrighted
works with no possibility of unauthorized use; d) find themselves increasingly
at war with technology companies that see threats to their own businesses if the
entertainment/publishing juggernaut gets its way.

10. The U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (PTO) will a) issue a patent for a
perpetual-motion machine; b) continue to issue ill-researched, sloppy and
ultimately bogus patents for non-novel inventions; c) dramatically change its
approach after recognizing the negative effects of so many bad patents; d)
persuade Congress to stop siphoning off patent fees for other government
programs, thereby allowing the PTO to hire enough qualified examiners to do
their jobs properly.

11. Civil liberties and privacy rights will a) remain submerged by terrorism
fears; b) make a comeback when the media report broad abuses of new
anti-terrorism laws; c) lose even more ground after new terrorist attacks.

12. The Nasdaq will end 2002 a) below 1,000; b) between 1,000 and 2,000; c)
between 2,001 and 2,500; d between 2,501 and 3,000; d) above 3,000.

Answers: 1. All; 2. b; 3. d; 4. None; 5. All; 6. All; 7. c; 8. d; 9. d; 10. b;
11. c; 12. c.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: 2001 Year-End Stock Report

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                     November 13, 2014 Thursday 9:30 PM GMT

Football needs rescuing from FIFA before the world's most popular sport falls
too far to be retrieved;
Martin Lipton calls for revolution to save the game we all love after whitewash
of governing body's own report into alleged World Cup bidding corruption

BYLINE: By Martin Lipton

SECTION: SPORT,SOCCER,SOCCER NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


FIFA's reputation lies in the gutter, and football needs somebody to rescue it.

Even American lawyer              Michael J Garcia refused to accept FIFA's
official version of his 430-page reportthat they commissioned into the
corruption claims over the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids.

Now the need for change is greater than ever before.

Sepp Blatter stands on the brink of being re-elected for a fifth term as the
head of world football - the overlord of              a regime that stands for
endemic corruption.

The integrity of football is now at stake as never before.

The very fabric of the game is on the point of rupture.

Garcia's denunciation of              the ''summary'' by FIFA's Ethics
Commission head, German Judge Hans-Joachim Eckert, must become a clarion call
for Planet Football to stand up and demand action.

Unless something can be done, now, to salvage the most popular sport on earth,
it will fall too far. There will be no way it can be retrieved.

Blatter's reign has seen the likes of corrupt footballing politicians like Jack
Warner, Mohammed Bin Hammam, Chuck Blazer, Ricardo Teixeira, Nicolas Leoz and
Julio Grondona act like Mafioso Godfathers.

FIFA was La Cosa Nostra - "our thing'' - a playground for all their venality to
be perpetuated, all under Blatter's watch.

Anybody who threatened their cosy empire was to be destroyed.

If that meant inflicting World Cups in Russia and Qatar, rather than in England
and the USA, then so be it. The well-being of football itself was merely
collateral damage.

Yet that cannot be allowed to continue.

So far, no national associations have signalled they will back any challenger to
Blatter, including the one confirmed candidate, former FIFA insider and French
diplomat Jerome Champagne.

If Blatter is allowed to walk back in, by acclamation, everybody involved should
hang their heads in shame.

The game means too much, to too many people.

Stand up.

Now.

Please.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Back for the final countdown

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 589 words


During its breathless, ticktock eight-season run, 24 has given viewers many
delights, apart from Jack Bauer's crazy knack for staying alive.

The dedicated but declining audience for this thriller fondly recall President
David Palmer, a black man in the White House who may have helped normalise that
concept for white voters. But as Oval Office residents go, no one on "24" can
overshadow Charles Logan, the former chief executive who commanded the fifth
season as scoundrel, boob and treasonous schemer.

Deliciously played by Gregory Itzin, President Logan stayed busy at his waffling
cover-ups, secret deals with terrorists, even an implicit role in Palmer's
assassination - all of it done (as Logan never tired of saying) "in the best
interests of the country".

Ultimately thwarted by Bauer, Logan resigned and was placed under house arrest.

But in TV drama as in the real world, disgraced politicians don't necessarily
vanish. They hatch a way to rehabilitate themselves.

So hail to President Logan in the person of Itzin, who returns in the May 7
episode, then continues through the remainder of this season, Day 8, which was
recently pronounced the last.

"It's pretty nifty to be invited back to this groundbreaking show and be part of
how they wrap up the story," Itzin says over breakfast at a Times Square hotel.

This season's crisis focuses on a global peace accord gone sideways, with a
threat to nuke Manhattan and the execution of a key Middle East leader thrown
in.

Logan is brought in to consult with President Allison Taylor. "I'm a little more
of a pragmatist, a realist," said Itzin, meaning his presidential alter ego.
"President Taylor needs somebody to whisper in her ear and take her to the dark
side, because she's such a good person. She's such a straight arrow."

Itzin's next project has him playing another villain. He is starring in the
Broadway production of Enron as world-class scoundrel Kenneth Lay.

Years before Bernie Madoff, Lay became the poster boy for white-collar crime.
Found guilty in May 2006 on numerous counts of securities fraud, he died two
months later died of a heart attack before his sentencing.

"Money scandals are hardly new to the human condition," Itzin noted. "Venality
and trying to beat the system, along with excuses, continue in others. But the
entertainment value of this piece I think is huge. I'm kind of used to playing
villains. What I like to do is to find why they're villains, and show the
humanity in the midst of it."

Itzin, who turns 62 this month, is a seasoned actor who has appeared on scores
of television shows including LA Law, The Practice and Boston Legal. After his
initial run in 24, he had a recurring role on The Mentalist. "But 24 put me on
the map after years of being a journeyman actor," he said. "It was the most fun
I ever had in front of a camera."

His 24 stint began in the fourth season, as three episodes that featured Logan
grew to nine. He dominated in the fifth season, then returned briefly for the
sixth, when Martha, his former first lady, tried to stab him to death.

On the 24 set since late last year, Itzin carries on through the finale - which
begs the question: How will 24 end?

"They played around with different endings," he sort-of confided. "One was a
Jack-rides-into-the-sunset kind of thing, which made me go, 'Ahhh, that would be
nice.' And then they said, 'But we're not going to do that ... ."'

-AP

LOWDOWN

Who: Gregory Itzin as disgraced former US President Charles Logan returning for
the final series of 24

Where & when: C4, Fridays, 8.30pm

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Olympian gold rush

                                January 30, 1999


TO HEAR the preachifying swirling the past week around the lively trade in
Olympic Games votes, one might believe the legacy of the ancient Greeks had been
unsoiled by Mammon. Wake up, everybody. Bribery is integral to the bidding
process, and the surprise is that it has taken so long for the miasma to reach
the nostrils. An indictment for which the entire governing structure is culpable
has to be that vote selling and buying are the norm, proportionate to the
Olympics having become a propaganda prize for host nations. This is not saying
that the executive and member nations of the International Olympic Committee
(IOC) can hope to shrug off their gravest ethical crisis ever. The Modern
Olympiad as the world knows it is itself at risk. It may not last much more than
the century it has endured if the IOC's barons refuse to acknowledge that a
thorough cleansing is required. But its president Juan Antonio Samaranch's
response to the expose has been formulaic and cowardly. Sports lovers should
worry. Sacking a few members for alleged corruption is a cheap way out. No
assumption of any sort should be made of the fact that most of those punished
have been Africans and South Americans, yet cynicism must grow that certain
people can be sacrificed and certain others are protected. It can only inflame
critics, while the system remains dirty. A cleansing act calls for bribe-givers
to be called to account as well. If the IOC falls down on this crucial act of
objectivity for fear of ruining the Games in 2000 and 2002, the cancer will
spread.

Ideally, the IOC should show courage and cancel next year's Sydney Games and the
2002 Salt Lake City winter event as both host cities had offered inducement to
influence the voting. The Sydney committee's explanation that its payouts to
African delegates were sports development aid will fool no one, Australians
included. Far better to be contrite than to sink deeper in muck and dishonour.
Cancellation, with the Games to resume in 2004 and 2006 under new hosts, would
be a most potent message that the IOC means business. Of course, this will not
happen. The most practical means, then, of ensuring that Sydney and Salt Lake
City perform some penance is to impose on them a financial penalty. They should
reimburse all losing bidders, as the British city Manchester has demanded, the
cost of audited expenses. If the ethical backlash develops, as it would in the
months to come, and countries and commercial sponsors start pulling out of both
events, it would be natural justice at work.

Sydney and Salt Lake City can have no cause for bitterness. But more important
than the censure is reform of the discredited system. One imperative is to
restrict the term of the IOC presidency. Mr Samaranch and Avery Brundage before
him built kingdoms based on longevity. The IOC job is one of the modern world's
great dictatorships. It intoxicates the weak senses, combining as it does the
presidency of the United States and the papacy in its power of patronage. This
is how venality thrives. Second, the present method of choosing host cities
which involves lobbying the IOC's 100-odd voting members locks in squalid
habits. Mr Samaranch now proposes letting an election committee of about a dozen
do the choosing. Might this not mean bribing just a few as against many, with
proxies and emissaries not included yet? But it deserves study. This is not the
last word, however. The IOC must think about the fairest means of choosing
hosts. Otherwise, controversy and sleaze will kill the Olympics.

SECTION: Commentary Analysis; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 593 words

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                 Copyright 1999 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              896 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Olympian gold rush

                                January 30, 1999


TO HEAR the preachifying swirling the past week around the lively trade in
Olympic Games votes, one might believe the legacy of the ancient Greeks had been
unsoiled by Mammon. Wake up, everybody. Bribery is integral to the bidding
process, and the surprise is that it has taken so long for the miasma to reach
the nostrils. An indictment for which the entire governing structure is culpable
has to be that vote selling and buying are the norm, proportionate to the
Olympics having become a propaganda prize for host nations. This is not saying
that the executive and member nations of the International Olympic Committee
(IOC) can hope to shrug off their gravest ethical crisis ever. The Modern
Olympiad as the world knows it is itself at risk. It may not last much more than
the century it has endured if the IOC's barons refuse to acknowledge that a
thorough cleansing is required. But its president Juan Antonio Samaranch's
response to the expose has been formulaic and cowardly. Sports lovers should
worry. Sacking a few members for alleged corruption is a cheap way out. No
assumption of any sort should be made of the fact that most of those punished
have been Africans and South Americans, yet cynicism must grow that certain
people can be sacrificed and certain others are protected. It can only inflame
critics, while the system remains dirty. A cleansing act calls for bribe-givers
to be called to account as well. If the IOC falls down on this crucial act of
objectivity for fear of ruining the Games in 2000 and 2002, the cancer will
spread.

Ideally, the IOC should show courage and cancel next year's Sydney Games and the
2002 Salt Lake City winter event as both host cities had offered inducement to
influence the voting. The Sydney committee's explanation that its payouts to
African delegates were sports development aid will fool no one, Australians
included. Far better to be contrite than to sink deeper in muck and dishonour.
Cancellation, with the Games to resume in 2004 and 2006 under new hosts, would
be a most potent message that the IOC means business. Of course, this will not
happen. The most practical means, then, of ensuring that Sydney and Salt Lake
City perform some penance is to impose on them a financial penalty. They should
reimburse all losing bidders, as the British city Manchester has demanded, the
cost of audited expenses. If the ethical backlash develops, as it would in the
months to come, and countries and commercial sponsors start pulling out of both
events, it would be natural justice at work.

Sydney and Salt Lake City can have no cause for bitterness. But more important
than the censure is reform of the discredited system. One imperative is to
restrict the term of the IOC presidency. Mr Samaranch and Avery Brundage before
him built kingdoms based on longevity. The IOC job is one of the modern world's
great dictatorships. It intoxicates the weak senses, combining as it does the
presidency of the United States and the papacy in its power of patronage. This
is how venality thrives. Second, the present method of choosing host cities
which involves lobbying the IOC's 100-odd voting members locks in squalid
habits. Mr Samaranch now proposes letting an election committee of about a dozen
do the choosing. Might this not mean bribing just a few as against many, with
proxies and emissaries not included yet? But it deserves study. This is not the
last word, however. The IOC must think about the fairest means of choosing
hosts. Otherwise, controversy and sleaze will kill the Olympics.

SECTION: Commentary Analysis; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 593 words

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                 Copyright 1999 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              897 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 22, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Capital of drama

BYLINE: Peter Marks

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1511 words


In Washington, the drama never ends Popular culture is obsessed these days with
what Washington types have up their sleeves.

For the purest distillation in popular culture in these days of Jekyll and Hyde,
look not to a character but to a city. Â¶ On the one hand, we have President
Frank Underwood, who connives in the most sinister ways imaginable - push a
pesky reporter in front of a Metro car, why don't you? - to ascend to the
highest office in the land in "House of Cards," a mesmerizing Netflix series
neck-deep in nefarious muck. Â¶ And then on the other, there is President Lyndon
B. Johnson, the hard-charging hero of the Tony-winning Broadway play "All the
Way," who puts the power of the White House behind an ennobling assault on
inequality and strong-arms Congress into passing the Civil Rights Act. Â¶ In
much the way the nation's political house seems deeply, maybe irrevocably,
divided, the depictions of the federal government - which is pretty much all the
country thinks of, when it thinks of Washington - tend to occupy extremes.

To screenwriters and dramatists, it's a city dominated either by virtue or
venality, a place where the political classes operate out of a sense of the
greater good - or are just plain operators.

And whether Washington is being put down as craven or held up as reasonably
principled, portrayed as a breeding ground for vipers or a watering hole for
wonks, stage and screen stories set in the capital are cropping up ever more
frequently - and winningly. Whether it is "Homeland," the addictive cable series
on which a story arc had the brutish, warmongering vice president assassinated,
or "The City of Conversation," a lively play at New York's Lincoln Center
Theater in which a Georgetown hostess reflects on her declining White House
access, the receptivity to scripts infiltrating halls and neighborhoods of
national power appears if anything to be gaining momentum.

Confirming fears about government

It is as though in this era of waning, collective confidence in the traditional
work of Washington - building consensus to address big problems - an effort has
been kindled in popular entertainment to fill a vacuum. To give us stories that
confirm our worst fears about where government is headed, or remind us of what
government once was, and perhaps could be again. It's as though a role is being
forged for narrative drama as the outlet for our deepening anxiety about the
nature of national leadership.

On "Veep," the uproarious HBO comedy series, the portrait of a debased
Washington plays out as a farce so coarse that Julia Louis-Dreyfus's insecure
Selina Meyer, newly installed as president, cares about nothing so much as
having her ego stroked or cracking a crude bathroom joke in front of her staff.
"Veep's" writers found an apt metaphor in the season just ended for the
shallowness of her concept of leadership. On the stump, an aide places Selina -
to her great glee - atop a reinforced box: the campaign's way of conferring on
her some manufactured stature.

The tonal flip side of "Veep" was on view this spring at Arena Stage, where
dramatist Lawrence Wright's "Camp David" received its world premiere. The play,
portraying the events of September 1978, when President Jimmy Carter brought
Egyptian President Anwar Sadat and Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin to Camp
David to start peace talks, takes as sacred a view of leadership as "Veep" takes
a profane one. It featured Richard Thomas as a Carter so filled with humility he
held private sidebars with God over the stalled progress of the negotiations.
(One can imagine what sacrilege Louis-Dreyfus's nihilistic character might have
committed in such a scene.)

It's an indication of the quandary audiences feel nowadays about how to view
Washington that these divergent works both garner appreciative ones: HBO renewed
the outrageous "Veep" for a fourth season before its third season even finished
this month. And despite its somewhat dry, journalistic approach, "Camp David"
enjoyed a healthily attended run in Arena's Kreeger Theater (although future
plans for the play remain uncertain).

In some of these plays and programs, too, there seems another thread with
special appeal - a nostalgic one - for a time when the chief executive's sway
was a more dynamic instrument than it appears to be these days. That's certainly
the case in the LBJ bio-drama "All the Way," for which Bryan Cranston deservedly
won a Tony this month for best leading actor. Although Robert Schenkkan's play
gives a potty mouth to Johnson second only to Selina Meyer's, the work's core is
Johnson's spine, and the earnest application of his power to the cause of civil
rights. It is in the end a profile in courage, even if Johnson has to win votes
by backing senators' pork projects.

The contemporary pleasure in bold action extends to a president with darker
intentions. Kevin Spacey's diabolical turn as the president in "House of Cards"
puts a viewer in mind of no villain less pathologically evil than "Othello's"
Iago. As with Shakespeare's most potent schemer, you have to admire Spacey's
Underwood, at least a little. There's something thrilling in a gamer of the
system so breathtakingly successful - so supremely confident in what he sets out
to achieve.

Shifting away from the little guy

The city always has been a fertile backdrop for the drama of ethical dilemma,
but the heavy concentration on the people at the top of the pyramid feels like a
shift. Decades ago, the focus was more likely to be on the little guy, in his
confrontation with the hypocritical establishment. The epitome of this approach
was "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington," the 1939 Frank Capra-directed movie in which
Jimmy Stewart portrayed a Boy Scout leader selected to fill a vacant Senate
seat. The film is no less jaundiced about Washington corruption than, say,
"Farragut North," playwright (and "House of Cards" creator) Beau Willimon's 2008
play about the transgressions of a young campaign operative.

But like other earlier works focusing on Washington's elite, "Mr. Smith" tells
it from the perspective of an outsider, a naÃ¯f - one of us. In another play in
this vein, Garson Kanin's 1946 stage comedy, "Born Yesterday," Billie Dawn is a
chorus girl who thwarts the brute with whom she comes to Washington, a junkyard
baron in town to bribe Congress. Half a century later, "An American Daughter,"
Wendy Wasserstein's 1997 political comedy-drama, was still using this template,
with the story of a sincere nominee for surgeon general plunged into a ludicrous
media storm up by an admission that she'd skipped jury duty.

The success of Aaron Sorkin's sophisticated "The West Wing" (1999-2006) revealed
that the White House's inner circle could make for compulsively watchable
television. (The series came a few years after the presidential movie comedy
"Dave," and Sorkin's Oval Office romantic movie comedy, "The American
President.") The floodgates opened in "The West Wing's" wake, with a clear tilt
away from the little guy. An idealist from the sticks would find no toehold on
"Scandal," a series built around the crisis management office of an ultimate
insider, a former White House communications officer. And he would look like
nothing but a dupe on "The Americans," the FX channel's tale of KGB moles
ferreting out Pentagon secrets while living outwardly middle-class lives in the
Northern Virginia suburbs.

Perhaps unsurprisingly, popular Washington-centric TV shows and plays tend not
to espouse much in the way of ideology; as ridden with partisanship as are the
cable news channels, cable and network drama remains neutral territory. There's
little patience in the theater anymore, either, for the kind of agitprop spawned
during the Vietnam War. Several Washington-themed plays have made it to the
American stage in reaction to the war in Iraq, most notably David Hare's 2004
"Stuff Happens," a reconstruction of geopolitical events leading up to the
U.S.-led invasion.

In a political landscape in which there's little hope of finding common ground,
drama about Washington seems to be looking past ideology, to history, intrigue
and satire, to stories that lionize people who get the job done - for good or
ill - and make fun of those who don't. That work is bound to continue: Arena
Stage's agenda for next season, for instance, includes "The Originalist," a play
by John Strand set in the chambers of one of the capital's most polarizing
figures, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.

And so, it seems, the source material for drama is being minted in these parts
all the time. The latest in a Shakespearean vein may have been hatched, in fact,
this month. As writer and consultant Brian Umana laid it out in his first-person
account on the PostEverything blog, activists on the left and the right banded
together cannily to plot out a path to defeat Republican House Majority Leader
Eric Cantor (Va.). How these strangest of bedfellows pulled this off, in this
time of the hardest of hardened positions, is the stuff of a drama I would
gladly pay to see.

marksp@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             June 6, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

STAYING IN FILMS ON TELEVISION

SECTION: THE INFORMATION; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 1895 words


TODAY

The Black Hole 2.45pm Five ***

(Gary Nelson, 1979) Borrowing as much from 2001: a Space Odyssey as it did from
Star Wars, this expensive Disney space lark (left) is quite dark in tone and a
tad portentous. It was a box-office flop, but thrilled and rather frightened the
children who did see it. Maximilian Schell stars as a Captain Nemo-esque figure,
alongside Anthony Perkins, Ernest Borgnine and lots of robots.

Stop-Loss 4pm Sky Movies Premiere ***

(Kimberly Peirce, 2008) The "stop-loss" clause in a soldier's contract with the
US army says that he or she may be legally forced to continue fighting beyond
the terms of their original obligation. It's enough to turn a highly decorated,
patriotic young Texan soldier (Ryan Phillippe) into an embittered AWOL fugitive.
Kimberly Peirce's film is raw, angry and urgent.

A History of Violence 10.35pm Film4 ****

(David Cronenberg, 2005) In this masterfully controlled, well-played,
character-led thriller, Viggo Mortensen (left) plays the owner of a small-town
diner whose instinctive act of bravery during an armed robbery causes those
around him to reassess his character. It asks interesting questions about human
nature, the construction of an identity and the possibility of redemption.

Blue Velvet 11.15pm ITV1 *****

(David Lynch, 1986) Jeffrey Beaumont (Kyle MacLachlan) is a would-be Hardy Boy
from white-picket-fenced suburban US, who finds himself in the wrong part of
town and mixed up in something very adult and very scary with Dennis Hopper's
sadistic thug, Frank, and Isabella Rossellini's masochistic night-club singer,
Dorothy. Seductive, nightmarish and David Lynch's best film.

SUNDAY

Street Kings 10.30pm Sky Movies Premiere ***

(David Ayer, 2008) In every James Ellroy story there is the character of an LA
cop who shoots first and asks question later; a dumb weapon employed by other
smarter and more corrupt cops in the ongoing battle against a rising tide of
criminality and venality. In this hard-hitting but predictable thriller, he's
played by Keanu Reeves, who fits the role well.

Crazy People 11pm ITV3 ***

(Tony Bill, 1990) Dudley Moore (right) plays an advertising executive who goes a
bit Peter Finch in Network, and begins pitching campaigns distinguished by their
brutal, unvarnished honesty. For which craziness he is committed to a mental
asylum, where he falls in love with fellow patient Daryl Hannah and is inspired
to produce his best work. A broad satire, but a very funny one.

Insomnia 11.25pm Sky Arts 1 ****

(Erik Skjoldbjaerg, 1997) This thriller has the murky moral ambiguities of film
noir, but the cinematography is almost blindingly bright, as befits its setting
in the arctic region of Norway where the sun never sets. It is also a more
complex film than the Hollywood remake with Al Pacino. Stellan Skarsgård stars
as an exiled Swedish cop whose murder investigation goes awry.

Scarecrow 12midn't TCM ***

(Jerry Schatzberg, 1973) Al Pacino and Gene Hackman (left) play a pair of
drifters who meet on a deserted highway in California and head across country
together. This freewheeling but melancholy drama about male friendship and the
American dream won the Grand Prix at Cannes, but is very much of its time. The
performances and the photography make it worth your while.

MONDAY

Millions Like Us 11.15am More4 ****

(Sidney Gilliat, Frank Laudner, 1943) A Ministry of Information-approved drama
(left) from Gainsborough studios about women's role in the war effort, set in a
munitions factory where Patricia Roc's character gets to experience the best
that British society, when pulling together, has to offer. The film is
fascinating as social history, as well being a detailed and rich drama.

Lenny 10pm Sky Movies Modern Greats ****

(Bob Fosse, 1974) One of only two non-musical films directed by the
choreographer Bob Fosse, this is a film almost as funny, smart and sad as its
subject - the trailblazing comedian Lenny Bruce, who dared say what 1950s and
1960s US was really thinking, and who was harassed, arrested on obscenity
charges and ruined as a result. Dustin Hoffman's turn is pitch-perfect.

I'll Sleep When I'm Dead 10pm ITV4 ***

(Mike Hodges, 2003) Like its director's debut, Get Carter, this moody British
noir has a former gangster returning to his home town to investigate and avenge
the killing of his brother. The gangster is played by a haggard Clive Owen
(left), the bad guy by Malcolm McDowell and the love interest by Charlotte
Rampling. It's atmospheric and interesting, but not much of a thriller.

Riff-Raff 10.45pm Film4 ****

(Ken Loach, 1990) Film4 is screening five different Ken Loach films this week.
Starring Robert Carlyle and Ricky Tomlinson as labourers on a London building
site, Riff-Raff has a strong social conscience but is one of Loach's
lighter-hearted films; an ensemble comedy full of naturalistic banter. There's a
romantic subplot, but it isn't quite as convincing as the workplace scenes.

TUESDAY

The Long Day Closes 1.30pm Film4 *****

(Terence Davies, 1992) Terence Davies's impressionistic and extremely evocative
autobiographical film, about being an 11-year-old boy in a working-class part of
1950s Liverpool, has the texture and structure of memory. Snatches of songs and
scenes from old movies are interwoven with alternately tender and tough scenes
of the boy's family and school life.

Bad Day at Black Rock 7.25pm TCM ***

(John Sturges, 1955) One-armed Second World War veteran Spencer Tracy (right)
arrives in a small desert town looking for a Japanese-American man whom the
town's surly inhabitants (Robert Ryan, Ernest Borgnine and Lee Marvin) claim not
to know. John Sturges's noir-Western was the first Hollywood film about the
treatment of the Japanese in America after Pearl Harbour.

Year of the Gun 10pm ITV4 ***

(John Frankenheimer, 1991) Andrew McCarthy is perhaps a little too lightweight
for his role as a US writer suspected of involvement in a Red Brigade plot to
assassinate the Italian prime minister, but this enjoyably tangled political
thriller is still one of the best late films by the director of such classic
paranoid Sixties fare as Seconds and The Manchurian Candidate. Sharon Stone
co-stars.

The Navigators 11.20pm Film4 ***

(Ken Loach, 2001) This film (left) finds nuggets of grim comedy amid the chaos
that resulted from the privatisation of British Rail: as seen through the eyes
of a group of maintenance engineers in Yorkshire, the new management's practices
appear ever more ludicrously wrong-headed. It tends towards the didactic rather
than the dramatic, but is neatly argued nonetheless.

WEDNESDAY

Leaving Las Vegas 10pm ITV4 ****

(Mike Figgis, 1995) Nicolas Cage was given an Oscar for his powerful, studied
performance in this film as a late-stage alcoholic who burns his bridges in LA
and chooses Las Vegas as a suitable place to drink himself to death. Really it
is Elisabeth Shue's film, though, and she is equally good as the prostitute
(right) who loves him. A bleak but tender film about lost souls.

Bread and Roses 10.50pm Film4 ***

(Ken Loach, 2000) Few thought that the English social-realism film-maker Ken
Loach would ever go to Hollywood. He did but, true to form, focused on the
plight of the immigrant, minimum-wage service industry employees who went on
strike in LA in 1988. Pilar Padilla stars as a much-abused Mexican immigrant,
and Adrien Brody plays the firebrand union organiser she's attracted to.

Gun Crazy 11.25pm ITV2 ***

(Joseph H Lewis, 1949) Faye Dunaway's look in Bonnie and Clyde was inspired by
that of Peggy Cummins (left), the bank-robbing very bad girl in a beret who
blazes off the screen in this, the original lovers-on-the-run movie. Originally
released as Deadly Is the Female, it still has its striking and subversive
moments, even if it hasn't aged very well.

Melinda and Melinda 12.45am Film4 ***

(Woody Allen, 2004) One of the smarter Woody Allen films of recent years tells
the story of a woman who intrudes upon the lives of a New York couple - but
tells it twice, once as a comedy and once as a tragedy. The excellent Rhada
Mitchell is pitch perfect, in both instances, as Melinda, while Will Farrell and
Amanda Peet, and Chloë Sevigny and Jonny Lee Miller play the couples.

THURSDAY

The Darjeeling Limited 8.25pm Sky Movies Indie ***

(Wes Anderson, 2007) Three brothers (Owen Wilson, Adrien Brody and Jason
Schwartzman, left) bicker their way across India in search of spiritual
experience, in this comedy-drama about family and bereavement. Although not his
best, it is every inch a Wes Anderson film, with all of the stylised design and
droll sight gags.

The Inn of the Sixth Happiness 10.15am More 4 ***

(Mark Robson, 1958) Ingrid Bergman plays the tenacious and saintly Gladys
Aylward, an English missionary to China in the 1930s, who learns the local
customs, makes several successful conversions to Christianity and leads a
village's children to safety before a Japanese invasion. All very epic and
stirring stuff.

Total Recall 10.35pm ITV1 ****

(Paul Verhoeven, 1990) The biggest budget action film of its day, this sci-fi
mind-bender, adapted from a Philip K Dick story, stars Arnold Schwarzenegger
(right) as a superspy who thinks he's a construction worker. Or is it the other
way round? Violent, silly good fun, but it's interesting to wonder what David
Cronenberg, who wrote early drafts of the script, would have done with it.

My Name Is Joe 10.50pm Film4 ****

(Ken Loach, 1997) Joe (Peter Mullan) is an unemployed Glaswegian recovering
alcoholic in his late-thirties or early-forties, tentatively embarking on a
relationship with a nurse (Louise Goodall). It being a Ken Loach film, their
impoverished social circumstances cause complications, but their resilience,
wary optimism and essential good-naturedness will see them through.

FRIDAY

Marnie 9pm Sky Movies Classics ****

(Alfred Hitchcock, 1964) In Hitchcock's last great film, and his most feverish,
expressionistic study in Freudian sexual pathologies, Sean Connery (right) plays
a wealthy publisher and amateur animal behaviourist who blackmails an employee
(Tippi Hedren) into marrying him, and then gradually uncovers what it was that
made her into a frigid kleptomaniac with a fear of the colour red.

Scum 10pm ITV4 ****

(Alan Clarke, 1979) A searing indictment of institutional brutality, and
specifically of borstals in Thatcher's Britain, by one of the era's most
uncompromising film-makers. This is the version of Roy Minton's play that Alan
Clarke filmed for cinemas after the BBC declined to screen the version he'd made
for them two years previously. Ray Winstone made an indelible impression here.

True Crime 10.35pm ITV1 ***

(Clint Eastwood, 1999) The character he plays is flawed: a politically
incorrect, womanising, barely recovering alcoholic investigative reporter,
racing to clear the name of a death row prisoner. But Clint Eastwood's direction
is typically assured and classy. Despite the deadline-orientated plot, this is
an unhurried and measured thriller, strong on character and rich in detail.

In the Heat of the Night 11.15pm Sky Movies Classics *****

(Norman Jewison, 1967) While passing through a small Mississippi cotton town,
big-city black homicide detective Mister Tibbs (Sidney Poitier, right) is
harassed by the bigoted local sheriff (Rod Steiger), before the pair form an
uneasy alliance to investigate a grim murder. One of the key films of the 1960s
and a superb character piece.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IF


                      Copyright 2009 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           November 22, 2008 Saturday

The Guide: LAPD: BLUES: BLUES: LAPD: Hollywood cops have had a bad rap on
screen, says David Stubbs. But could their corruption, cover-ups and racism be
even worse in real life?

BYLINE: David Stubbs

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1195 words


It's fair to say that no police department has been given a harder time by
Hollywood than its own protection force, LA's finest. Changeling, the latest
Clint Eastwood movie stars Angelina Jolie as a woman whose son is abducted, then
"restored" to her by an LAPD anxious to clear their books and boost their
profile. Turns out, however, that the boy is an impersonator who read about the
kidnapping. Changeling has been preceded, in recent years, by the likes of LA
Confidential (1997), Training Day (2001), Street Kings (2008) starring Keanu
Reeves, and the upcoming Lakeview Terrace, starring Samuel L Jackson as a malign
veteran cop.

All address, in some form or other, the issue of LAPD violence, brutality and
corruption. At best, in the Beverly Hills Cop series (which, strangely, had the
endorsement of the LAPD), the department is depicted as petty, pedantic and
bumblingly parochial, requiring Eddie Murphy's outsider Detroit cop to come in
and show them what policing is all about. ("What the fuck are you guys, cops or
doormen?" Murphy's Axel Foley asks members of the local force when they attempt
to arrest him for being thrown out of a window). At worst, in Terminator 2:
Judgment Day, the evil T-1000 cyborg takes the form of an LAPD cop, suggesting
an ingrained Hollywood antipathy towards that body of men, though even their
institutional failings can't really be said to run to travelling back in time
and trying to precipitate a war between humans and the machines of the Skynet
system that would be their future masters. Beating up guys en masse in broad
daylight, yes; taking liquid metal form and skewering victims in the forehead,
no.

Still, the rottenness of the LAPD is a given. It was founded in 1869 under city
marshal William C Warren who - in a taste of the venality and violence to come -
was shot by one of his own officers and replaced by a saloon bar owner. Come the
20th century and the department became increasingly politicised, accused in 1910
of using the dynamiting of the LA Times by union agitators as a cue to pursue an
anti-labour policy. They were also instrumental in anti-immigration policies,
enforcing the "bum blockade" in 1936, preventing illegals from slipping into
California. The department lurched between over-zealous enforcement and
puritanism (in 1929, the LAPD responded to "clean up" cries from religious
reformers by arresting over 50,000 people that year) and the sort of corruption
that led to the real-life incident that inspired Changeling, and resulted in the
dismissal of a fifth of the police force for wrongdoing.

Despite such purges, the department was dogged by controversy and allegations of
gross neglect, incompetence and criminal collusion. Following the war, they
failed to solve the nationally famous murder of Elizabeth Short, AKA The Black
Dahlia in 1947, with some suspecting a cover-up to this day. In 1949, however,
chief Clemence Horrall and his assistant Joe Reed resigned following allegations
that vice squad members were protecting Hollywood madam Brenda Allen. The
William Parker era followed, from 1950 to 1966, whose probity and Dudley
Do-Right dedication was given televisual endorsement in the form of shows like
Dragnet. However, beneath the surface, institutional racism abounded; Parker was
openly contemptuous of minorities. The 1951 "Bloody Christmas" incident,
featured in LA Confidential, when seven Latinos in custody were brutally beaten
by officers, occurred on his watch, as did 1965's Watts riots in which 34 people
died, the culmination of years of resentment at police harassment.

During the 1970s, the department showed signs of modernisation under chief
Edward Davis. But the LAPD were also notorious for using chokeholds during
arrests, the cause of 15 deaths between 1975 and 1982. And corruption, cover-up,
racism and brutality - coupled with knee-jerk reactions against rising crime -
haven't abated in recent years.

In 1985, chief Daryl Gates used an armoured personnel carrier with a 14-foot
battering ram to smash a hole in the wall of a supposed gang drug house. Its
sole occupants were some children caught in the act of eating ice-cream. In
1992, four police officers were acquitted of illegally bludgeoning one Rodney
King, when a mostly white, suburban jury could not bring themselves to find that
video footage of them blatantly doing so constituted incriminating evidence. Los
Angeles erupted into riots once more.

More recently came the Rampart Division corruption scandal, when it became clear
that during the 1990s, LA's crime rate had only been capped thanks to the
efforts of elite squads including officers like Rafael Perez, who terrorised
neighbourhoods, tampered with evidence, moonlighted for dubious figures
(including the jailed hip-hop mogul Marion "Suge" Knight) and went into cahoots

with gangs to "enforce the law".

The Rampart scandal would go on to inspire TV series The Shield, perhaps the
most unblinking, full-on depiction of police corruption, whose "hero", Vic
Mackey, is a cop killer and villain. "Good cop's gone for the day. So's the bad
cop. I'm a different kind of cop," he informs an obdurate suspect in a child
abduction case, producing a Stanley knife. Torture, extortion and drug running
are all in a day's work for him.

However, it could be argued that far from excoriating the LAPD, Hollywood has
let them off. Changeling is largely a vehicle for Jolie's much-vaunted emoting
motherliness, and is set safely in the past. LA Confidential, too, is more
sultry film noir than forensic expose, as much an excuse for Kim Basinger to do
her Veronica Lake impression as anything else. Lethal Weapon's LA cops, Mel
Gibson and Danny Glover are maverick, wayward but essentially decent, a
tradition continued by Reeves in Street Kings, playing a cop honestly trying to
find his way back to the straight and narrow ("What happened to just locking up
bad people?"). LA racism is addressed in the film Crash, with its interweaving
stories, but is light on politics, heavier on the emotional issue of human
interconnection.

Strangely, it's African-American actors who have borne the brunt of playing
corrupt officers on screen: Denzel Washington in Training Day and, of all
people, Samuel L Jackson as a grizzled, racist cop in Lakeview Terrace, who
disapproves of the interracial couple who have moved in next door. So it goes in
bizarro Hollywood, where, when casting for an actor to embody the evils of
sexual harrassment in the workplace (Disclosure), they naturally go for Demi
Moore, with Michael Douglas as her helpless victim. Even The Shield, following
its initial shock premise, has seen Mackey gradually reduced to an almost
sympathetic character, too busy conventionally fighting crime to add to his past
list of corrupt sins. In any case, it turns out, viewers liked the guy. Hell, he
got results. That child abductor 'fessed up, for one.

The rich, sordid, root-and-branch truth about LAPD corruption has become almost
a cliched touchstone for Hollywood, but they've never really done more than
touch on the grim seam of potential material it represents. You know what? They
should make a film about it.

Changeling is out on Wednesday

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 MAIL ON SUNDAY

                                 April 2, 2000

I used to think our NHS was bad - until I was taken ill in America;
Forget the ER fantasies a stay in a US hospital will convince you the doctors
are good at only two things: making money and making the wrong diagnosis

BYLINE: Sharon Churcher

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 1603 words


Stricken with stomach cramps, shivers and nausea, I was rushed in the early
hours of a February morning to the emergency room of a hospital in New York's
most fashionable northern suburb. The pain was agonising but, as the handsome
features of the surgeon swam into view through a painkiller-induced fog, I felt
reassured. Clearly, I was in far superior hands to those of the overworked,
underpaid National Health Service doctors and nurses who attended to my medical
needs when I was growing up in Wiltshire.

My new doctor, John Rork, was not only better-looking than George Clooney whose
role in ER had until then been my chief guide to America's private health care
system but he was better dressed. His Armani suit was accented by a handkerchief
which he gave to me to clutch as he shoved a tube up my nose. Unpleasant and
terrifying, this linked me to one of the gadgets I was tethered to for the next
five days as Dr Rork made what he smoothly insisted were his best efforts to
save my life.

I hadn't thought I was dying when I called an ambulance. While working in the
Caribbean a few days earlier, I'd foolishly drunk the tap water and eaten a
salad in the restaurant. I thought I was the victim of a nasty but minor
tropical parasite. Still, if I was suffering from the maladies which Dr Rork and
a sidekick diagnosed including incurable liver disease and a 'thickening of the
colon walls' that necessitated an immediate biopsy I presumed I was in the most
capable hands money could buy.

This is America, a nation whose spending on health care twice as big a
percentage of gross national product as was allocated to the NHS in last month's
Budget is the envy of the world. The hospital to which I'd consigned my fate is
regarded as the best in the area where I live. Situated near Hillary Clinton's
mansion, it serves the 'New York horse country' estates and play farms whose
owners include Glenn Close and David Letterman.

I was in the ward where Christopher Reeve received some of his treatment.

A month later, I am alive and well, having survived an ordeal of such
incompetence and, I suspect, venality that I have never been more grateful for
the NHS. It is a bargain compared to the US system. And, according to
statistical surveys, the NHS is more likely to keep you alive. Its consultants,
unlike the lubricious Dr Rork, have no financial incentive to lie.

Yes, the private room he said my life depended on resembled a hotel suite.

But there was just one registered staff nurse to look after 17 patients on my
floor. To maintain the hospital's 'bottom line' and pay administrators $ 300,000
(GBP 190,000) a year nursing staff have been cut to a level intolerable in any
NHS hospital, where the typical ratio on a similar ward is one nurse to seven
patients.

Even worse, the place had hardly any fulltime doctors. Dr Rork and the
gastrointestinal expert he brought in to 'consult' are independent practitioners
who commute between the hospital and private surgeries. Once a day, one of them
would appear and tell me he had ordered this or that vital test so vital that
some were never even carried out.

Meanwhile, the charges for my stay which, at $ 1,572 (about GBP 1,000) a day,
were about four times the rate for a suite at the Waldorf Astoria were rising as
my surroundings grew filthier. Unwashed bedpans were left in a corner and the
floor was littered with needle wrappers. I was told an intercom by my bed would
call a nurse. When I pressed it, I discovered it went through to the hospital
switchboard. 'A nurse? Why do you want a nurse?'

snapped the operator.

'If you ever were to require really intensive care, I'd advise you to hire your
own nurses,' Dr Rork said the next day. 'It's only $ 40 extra an hour.'

On the fifth day, I asked him why he was sure I didn't have a bug rather than
the hepatitis C or tumour which he and his sidekick suspected.

'Because you aren't running a fever,' he said. I asked him to get a nurse to
take my temperature. It was several degrees above normal.

Discharging myself despite Dr Rork's dire warnings about the need for more
'studies', I went to my GP, who had me X-rayed. 'You're fine,' he said,
explaining an infection, doubtless from the Caribbean, had blocked my intestines
temporarily. Had Dr Rork fibbed? 'Maybe it's just that he is seeing too many
patients a day in order to make money,' the GP replied.

According to veterans such as this doctor, the US really did once have the top
health care on the planet if you could pay for it.

Nowadays, in an attempt to keep premiums down, insurance companies, including my
own, have cut the rates they pay hospitals and doctors. But we're not talking
poverty line here. Under its contract with my insurer, the hospital charges it $
220 a day for a bed before 'extras' rather than the official rate of $ 440.

I understand Dr Rork is paid about half his 'customary' fee of $ 250 for each
'consultation'. Facing such cuts in fees, unscrupulous institutions and
individuals have come up with plenty of tricks to protect profits.

As a result, the difference in quality between British and US health care is
being reversed. The US infant mortality rate is eight per 1,000 live births,
compared with six in the UK.

Cardiovascular disease kills 1,054 men and 632 women for every 100,000 of each
in the US. The British figures are 946 and 585.

Some surveys suggest that when it comes to cancers which strike women, you're
better off in the US.

But closer inspection of the surveys shows this is only the case if you have the
right sort of health insurance.

The millions of American women who don't would be better served by the NHS. An
American friend had to sell her house to pay for surgery after she was found to
have a malignant tumour in her breast. When the cancer spread, she was told her
only hope was a bone marrow transplant.

'I couldn't possibly pay for it,' she told me shortly before her death.

Recently, there has been a spate of horror stories about the NHS refusing to pay
for new drugs for diseases such as multiple sclerosis, even though the drugs are
'widely available' in the US. 'Sure, they're available, if you have insurance,'
says a Boston factory foreman who has MS.

He has been prescribed the 'miracle' drug Avonex, but cannot afford the $
11,000a-year bill for it.

Just getting to hospital by ambulance can cost enough to give you a heart
attack. My bill for a 15-mile journey in what appeared to be a converted pickup
truck was $ 710.

And if you can afford to be treated once you get to hospital, the question is
whether you should risk it.

Cutbacks have been so ruthless at some hospitals that janitors change catheters
and insert intravenous tubes. The hospital where I was treated has one nurse to
every four or five coronary care patients in comparable NHS facilities, the
ratio is one nurse to every two patients.

It is no surprise that a recent report on US health care estimated that up to
98,000 people die annually due to preventable errors. As many as 25,000 of these
deaths are said to be due to poor hygiene: some hospitals now give patients red
stickers which ask nurses (or janitors): 'Have you washed your hands?' Another
useful badge would say: 'Know your patient.' No one checked with my GP after my
admission, and drugs were pumped into me without any knowledge of my medical
records. The daughter of New York newspaper columnist Sidney Zion died soon
after being admitted to hospital with a fever because no one checked her medical
history. She was given a painkiller that reacted with a drug she was already
taking and killed her.

For every story of misconduct and cuts in the NHS, there are dozens of instances
here of the misery which greed can wreak. A New York foot doctor whose practice
earned him millions has just been revealed to have seriously injured scores of
people. At the age of 44, he has retired and drives a Rolls-Royce with a licence
plate that says 'Dr Randy'.

The Harold Shipman case was shocking, but is easily matched in the US. A New
York hospital hired a doctor after he served two years in jail for trying to
murder six paramedics with rat poison. He is now under investigation by the FBI
for up to 60 killings.

The other popular notion is that it's cheaper to be ill in America because
Britain is so 'highly taxed'. It's a myth. Health insurance costs the average
professional in New York 7.5 per cent of their salary. Taxes and the US
equivalent of national insurance take another 32.7 per cent, making a total of
40.2 per cent.

The same person in the UK would pay 31.1 per cent of their salary in tax and
National Insurance.

Stories about how money disappears into the NHS bureaucracy pale in comparison
to the amount creamed off here. Last year, the chief executive of one health
insurance company got $ 9.53 million.

Like the insurance companies, Dr Rork and his sidekick are continuing to dream
up ways to thrive.

After receiving the all-clear from my GP, Dr Rork's warnings continued to worry
me. I rang his surgery for the results of the biopsy his colleague had
performed. 'It is policy only to give those results to the patient in person,'
said the receptionist, urging me to book an appointment.

Surely the fact that they wanted to break the news to me in person meant it was
very bad. Or did it? I reminded myself of that 'customary' $ 250 fee and, after
I screamed that I'd sue, the findings were faxed over. They were totally normal.

* The name of Sharon Churcher's doctor has been changed

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2000 Associated Newspapers Ltd.


                              901 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 8, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ESSAY;
The Floating Party

BYLINE: By William Safire

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 827 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 7


Pickled water chestnuts wrapped with strips of cold bacon, half-deflated cheese
puffs and bite-sized Chinese egg rolls are all we live on during the capital's
pre-Inaugural season.

As in a Runyonesque floating crap game, the luncheons flow into the receptions,
which flow into the dinners, but the cast of characters stays pretty much the
same. We all bid farewell to the Carterites, make contact with the Reaganites,
and search for Truth, Insight, and a nice piece of smoked salmon on a crisp
cracker.

''What a cheap shot!'' expostulated William French Smith, the Attorney
General-designate, after I introduced myself at one phase of the Floating Party.
The California lawyer was taking very heavy umbrage at criticism in this space
of his attendance at a celebration for Frank Sinatra last month; it seemed to me
that the nation's chief racketbuster should not lend his presence to any salute
to a man long associated with racketeers and who now seeks from the Reagan
administration the respectability he needs to re-enter the Las Vegas casino
scene.

The agitated Mr. French Smith, as he shall hereinafter be known, heatedly
enumerated his grievances: (1) he had accepted the Sinatra invitation before he
had been appointed Attorney General; (2) it was almost a ''civic function,''
with 200 people present; and besides, (3) the singer had never been indicted,
much less convicted.

As a cheese puff grew sodden in my hand, the Attorney General-to-be added that
all the newsmen he had met that day told him they agreed my piece was a cheap
shot, and that this sort of harassment was the reason it was so hard to get good
men to serve the Government in Washington.

Gee. I hate to add to the crisis of executive recruitment. Taking Mr. French
Smith's objections seriatim: (1) When you are appointed Attorney General, your
life changes; all previous bets are off. You may not in propriety carry out
commitments, or attend parties you agreed to attend before you were named the
nation's chief law officer. On the contrary, you must start acting immediately
like Caesar's wife.

(2) To think of a Sinatra party as a kind of civic function is a measure of the
depths of naivete in which the supposedly sophisticated lawyer has sunk.

(3) It is quite true that Mr. Sinatra has never been indicted, and that the only
official action taken against him was by Nevada's Gaming Control Board, which
denied him a license because of a gangland friendship. Mr. French Smith's
defense of civil liberty is high-minded and irrelevant: I commend to him ''The
Last Mafioso,'' by Ovid Demaris, in which a mobster reports that a grand jury
witness on Long Island recently took a year's jail term for contempt rather than
testify about Frank Sinatra.

What we have here is a classic case of goodguy-itis. Mr. French Smith Goes to
Washington, gets criticized for doing something stupid, and waxes righteously
indignant at what he considers to be an accusation of venality. He knows he's
pure; his friends tell him he's been unfairly savaged, and he begins to think of
himself as a martyr to guilt-by-association.

Calm down, French Smith. Take a civility lesson from Ben Civiletti, who kept his
professional cool while protecting his client. Don't turn your simple blunder
into ''Frankiegate.''

Fortunately, not all the Reaganites are insensitive to propriety and
hypersensitive to criticism. Later at the Floating Party, two of the highest new
appointees expressed their dismay at Sinatra's Inaugural prominence, as they
pressed unwanted cheese puffs into my hand.

To a partygoer who was recently elected President of the United States, I
mentioned in sadness that I had felt it necessary to zap his lawyer in print.

''Yeah, I know,'' Mr. Reagan responded. ''We've heard those things about Frank
for years, and we just hope none of them are true.'' That was all - no
huffiness, no bristling, no protestations of violated virginity. Our next
President is not an amateur in the exercise of power, and evidently wants
neither to embarrass an old friend nor to let an old friend embarrass him. His
lawyer could take a cue from that professionalism, even unto admitting an error
in judgment: no law officer should rub elbows socially with any friend of
mobsters.

To keep from compounding this inaugural mistake, French Smith should pass the
word to Rancho Mirage that Mr. Sinatra would be wiser not to use the President's
name as a Las Vegas gambling reference.  The F.B.I. has begun a new summary of
the Sinatra file, and Senate Judiciary wants to see it; the Attorney General
would have to forward it to Nevada.

Through the endless partying, the public interest is protected, but God save us
from cheese puffs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: op-ed

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              902 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Observer (London)  (England)

                               September 20, 2009

Sport: Comment: Forget purity, sport has never been innocent

BYLINE: Paul Hayward

SECTION: OBSERVER OBSERVER SPORT PAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 788 words


In Singapore you can pick up a criminal record for chewing gum or not flushing a
toilet properly, so one would expect the constabulary to frown on race-fixing
and grand prix pilots being ordered to drive into walls.

Only when cheating is classified as criminal fraud - obtaining money by
deception, which it surely is - will sport stem the modern tide of swindling.
This may yet be the fate of the Renault conspirators, whose stunt in the
Singapore Grand Prix determined not only the outcome of that pantomime but
arguably the 2008 drivers' championship as well.

Taken to its extreme, my solution would lead to bobbies running on the pitch to
arrest members of the Tom Daley school of Premier League diving. Simulation wins
games and makes money. But you don't need a barrister's wig to see that
pre-planned roguery away from the field of play belongs in a separate category
to spontaneous chiselling that falls under the jurisdiction of the referee.

Ben Johnson's steroid abuse was planned. Nelson Piquet Jr's lunatic crash was
planned. Systematic doping in the Tour de France was planned (which is why
French police got their handcuffs out). The Harlequins fake blood farrago was
planned. State sponsored doping programmes in East Germany and beyond were
planned. Their goal was international prestige, and they ruined and even ended
lives, which is why the Piquet prang falls short of the "worst act of cheating
in the history of sport".

What a good title, though. How it cries out to be bestowed. A life in sport is a
journey away from innocence. It kills the youthful assumption that games are a
refuge from injustice. However craven the world, the rule of law would prevail.
Fairness, so elusive in society, was the real prize in the great triviality.

It was not just British Corinthianism that propagated this myth. Americans are
still hooked on an ideal of purity. The most infamous act of cheating in the
whole American canon - the throwing of the 1919 World Series by the Chicago
White Sox, as part of a betting scam - was reframed as a redemptive tale. "Say
it ain't so, Joe," is the eternal reassertion of virtue over venality.

Skulduggery is not distinguishable from sport. It is built into the organism,
and always was, from the first Olympiads, when cheating was an art form. When
Renault's Flavio Briatore and Pat Symonds convened to fix the Singapore race via
a crash which gave them control of the pit-stop strategies of an entire F1
field, we saw men playing anti-gods, choreographers of gain, in the style of
Hansie Cronje.

But here's a question: how many modern sports have expired because spectators
stomped away out of sheer moral disgust? Answer: none. Every road cycling fan I
have ever spoken to compartmentalises that which appals him when a drugs bust
takes place away from the spectacle that lights up summer evenings when the Tour
de France is whizzing across our screens.

Chemical assaults on the body in track and field and cycling are more dangerous
to more people than Piquet's smash. They build self-harm into the system; they
render top-level success impossible without massive pharmaceutical risk.

Here, too, we see a kind of parallel engagement in the audience. People say they
are "not surprised" by this or that scandal. Matt Le Tissier confesses, in his
autobiography, to trying to land a spread betting coup by kicking the ball out
early in a game, and football's masses smile and say: "Bet that happens all the
time."

My theory is that the modern disengagement from remote, superstar athletes makes
us not care about them, as humans, and often not trust them, either. They are
"entertainers" on an ever-rolling screen of digestible "moments". Deep down
there is still a craving for sport to be character-revealing, life-enhancing,
noble. Somehow, a faithless crowd are able to keep pushing through the
turnstiles even when they discover that the race they enjoyed from Singapore was
just a filthy lie.

As if to prove F1's immunity to shame, to self-reflection, a press release
dropped the day after Briatore's resignation announcing a new partnership
between Brawn GP and Canon for round 14 of this year's championship in, you
guessed it, Singapore. Every day is a rewrite, every violation of the so-called
spirit of sport a jumping-off point for someone to say it's "time to move on"
and "draw a line", thus exploiting the boredom factor of a super-fast news
agenda.

It is frightening, really. But then, if people will surrender to public service
cuts that stem from a culture of bailing out banks - and allowing big bonuses to
creep back up - they are hardly likely to take to the streets in protest at the
protagonists nicking a living from sport. The race-fixer's best friend is our
acquiescence.


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Observer (London)  (England)

                               September 20, 2009

Forget purity, sport has never been innocent

SECTION: OBSERVER OBSERVER SPORT PAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 814 words


In Singapore you can pick up a criminal record for chewing gum or not flushing a
toilet properly, so one would expect the constabulary to frown on race-fixing
and grand prix pilots being ordered to drive into walls.

Only when cheating is classified as criminal fraud - obtaining money by
deception, which it surely is - will sport stem the modern tide of swindling.
This may yet be the fate of the Renault conspirators, whose stunt in the
Singapore Grand Prix determined not only the outcome of that pantomime but
arguably the 2008 drivers' championship as well.

Taken to its extreme, my solution would lead to bobbies running on the pitch to
arrest members of the Tom Daley school of Premier League diving. Simulation wins
games and makes money. But you don't need a barrister's wig to see that
pre-planned roguery away from the field of play belongs in a separate category
to spontaneous chiselling that falls under the jurisdiction of the referee.

Ben Johnson's steroid abuse was planned. Nelson Piquet Jr's lunatic crash was
planned. Systematic doping in the Tour de France was planned (which is why
French police got their handcuffs out). The Harlequins fake blood farrago was
planned. State sponsored doping programmes in East Germany and beyond were
planned. Their goal was international prestige, and they ruined and even ended
lives, which is why the Piquet prang falls short of the "worst act of cheating
in the history of sport".

What a good title, though. How it cries out to be bestowed. A life in sport is a
journey away from innocence. It kills the youthful assumption that games are a
refuge from injustice. However craven the world, the rule of law would prevail.
Fairness, so elusive in society, was the real prize in the great triviality.

It was not just British Corinthianism that propagated this myth. Americans are
still hooked on an ideal of purity. The most infamous act of cheating in the
whole American canon - the throwing of the 1919 World Series by the Chicago
White Sox, as part of a betting scam - was reframed as a redemptive tale. "Say
it ain't so, Joe," is the eternal reassertion of virtue over venality.

Skulduggery is not distinguishable from sport. It is built into the organism,
and always was, from the first Olympiads, when cheating was an art form. When
Renault's Flavio Briatore and Pat Symonds convened to fix the Singapore race via
a crash which gave them control of the pit-stop strategies of an entire F1
field, we saw men playing anti-gods, choreographers of gain, in the style of
Hansie Cronje.

But here's a question: how many modern sports have expired because spectators
stomped away out of sheer moral disgust? Answer: none. Every road cycling fan I
have ever spoken to compartmentalises that which appals him when a drugs bust
takes place away from the spectacle that lights up summer evenings when the Tour
de France is whizzing across our screens.

Chemical assaults on the body in track and field and cycling are more dangerous
to more people than Piquet's smash. They build self-harm into the system; they
render top-level success impossible without massive pharmaceutical risk.

Here, too, we see a kind of parallel engagement in the audience. People say they
are "not surprised" by this or that scandal. Matt Le Tissier confesses, in his
autobiography, to trying to land a spread betting coup by kicking the ball out
early in a game, and football's masses smile and say: "Bet that happens all the
time."

My theory is that the modern disengagement from remote, superstar athletes makes
us not care about them, as humans, and often not trust them, either. They are
"entertainers" on an ever-rolling screen of digestible "moments". Deep down
there is still a craving for sport to be character-revealing, life-enhancing,
noble. Somehow, a faithless crowd are able to keep pushing through the
turnstiles even when they discover that the race they enjoyed from Singapore was
just a filthy lie.

As if to prove F1's immunity to shame, to self-reflection, a press release
dropped the day after Briatore's resignation announcing a new partnership
between Brawn GP and Canon for round 14 of this year's championship in, you
guessed it, Singapore. Every day is a rewrite, every violation of the so-called
spirit of sport a jumping-off point for someone to say it's "time to move on"
and "draw a line", thus exploiting the boredom factor of a super-fast news
agenda.

It is frightening, really. But then, if people will surrender to public service
cuts that stem from a culture of bailing out banks - and allowing big bonuses to
creep back up - they are hardly likely to take to the streets in protest at the
protagonists nicking a living from sport. The race-fixer's best friend is our
acquiescence.

Tainted triumph: Fernando Alonso at the post-race presentation following his
victory in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix. Photograph by Clive Mason/Getty Images


LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                              May 15, 2005, Sunday

Viva Las Vegas

BYLINE: Brian Schofield

SECTION: Features; Travel; 1

LENGTH: 2875 words


There's much more to Vegas 2005 than gambling -Brian Schofield and friends
present the smart guide to all that's new (and the classic kitsch you just can't
miss)

One hundred years ago today, the San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad
Company held an auction for 1,200 lots of barren desert, where they promised a
new town would soon spring up. In a glimpse of what was to come, the speculators
and settlers got carried away in their land lust, and the auctioneers shifted $
70,000 worth of dust for a total of $ 265,000.

Las Vegas was born in a flurry of dollars -and the house had already won.

Yet this is an anniversary that could have been commemorated with nothing more
than a street parade and a cake-baking contest in another anonymous Midwest town
- had the local lawmakers not decided, in 1931, to ride out the depression on
the back of an always reliable source of wages -sin.

In one commandment-busting swoop they legalised gambling, prostitution, no wait
weddings, no-blame divorces and, just for the hell of it, professional boxing.

They probably thought they'd generate a few extra jobs, maybe collect enough
funds for a new town hall -in fact, they'd just created Sin City. Also known as
America's Playground. Also known as the holiday destination that ate the world.

You know how Americans tell you everything is bigger and better where they come
from? Well, Vegas is where Americans go to be impressed. The world's biggest
tourism industry (with 130,000 hotel rooms; no other city on earth reaches six
figures) pumps the cash spigot for the fastest-growing city on the continent, a
sonic boom town that claims to fulfil every desire imaginable, and many you
never thought you had.

Want to visit the Eiffel Tower, the Sphinx, the Statue of Liberty and St Mark's
Square, all within three blocks of each other? No problem. Want to eat dinner
surrounded by £30m worth of original Picassos? Why, of course. Want to get
married on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise, with Captain Kirk presiding?
Full speed ahead, Mr Sulu. Want to see the sinking of the Titanic re- enacted by
60 topless showgirls? Twice a night, with weekend matinees. Want a pride of
lions living in the middle of your hotel? Check. Want to win Pounds 20m just by
putting one dollar bill in a slot machine? Someone did it last year. Want to
have a good holiday? Well ...

There's the rub. Many Brits -particularly those blessed with more than their
share of style -could happily serve out 100 years of their own without
squandering one day of annual leave on Vegas. Venality and vulgarity, gambling
and girls, girls, girls -a good idea for a cable television channel, but not,
perhaps, a holiday.

Yet Vegas desperately wants you to think otherwise -it wants you to forget the
past 100 years and focus on the lavish new hotels, the world-class restaurants,
the art collections, the exclusive shops, the spas. It wants you to believe that
you can do Vegas with class.

And can you? Without a doubt -thanks mainly to a new generation of hotel resorts
offering style, luxury and, on occasion, even restraint. But let's be honest,
all class and no kitsch isn't the way to get the best from Vegas -to really love
this city, sometimes you just have to set your irony force field to full
strength and get stuck into the shamelessly glitzy, unutterably cheesy,
high-fat, lowbrow side to America's Playground.

All together now: "Bright light city gonna set my soul, gonna set my soul on
fire..."

THE BIG QUESTION:

TO GAMBLE OR NOT?

It's no coincidence that in the next line of that number, Elvis announces: "I've
got a whole lot of money that's ready to burn." Despite the diversification into
all-round entertainment, this city will always thrive by separating fools from
their billfolds.

The cavernous, blinking, clanking casinos are still the town halls of Vegas,
where you'll be regaled by signs commemorating the insane jackpots collected by
lucky Iowa housewives -"It happened here!" -and be befuddled by the purposefully
labyrinthine floorplans, the cunning lack of signs and clocks, and the obsessive
obliteration of any pesky time-revealing natural light. There may be no truth to
the urban myth that the casinos pump pure oxygen through the air con to keep
clients awake, but the air is certainly cool and sweet, adding to the impression
that sitting at a table and opening your wallet is strictly for the suckers.

However, it's a finer calculation than you might think -because gamblers get
free, generous and decent-quality food and drink, and even the odd free night.
How it works, in theory, is that you get the house "edge" back in kind -the edge
being your statistical, unavoid-able rate of loss. For example, most slot
machines will keep about $ 5 for every $ 100 gambled, but during the 30 minutes
or so that would take to do, you'll get a $ 5 drink. Spend an hour playing $
10-a-go roulette and statistically, you'll be down $ 15-$ 20, and due lunch
atthe $ 17-a-head buffet. To claim these "comps", you need to join your casino's
gamblers' club, which is free and easy, and your gambling time will be monitored
and rewarded.

Simple!

But -and this is the "but" that built Las Vegas -casinos have another source of
income. The "hold" is the real amount of money that gamblers leave behind as a
result of bad tactics, desperation, drunkenness and inexperience. And that
averages $ 120m (£64m) a week.

On balance, unless you have the self-discipline of a lama, or plenty of
experience of playing cards for cash, steer clear. There are much more enjoyable
ways to throw your money away in Las Vegas.

NOW, CHOOSE YOUR HOTEL

In Vegas, you can stay wherever you want -Venice, Paris, New York, imperial
Rome, colonial Singapore, mythical Arabia, ancient Egypt, even 1950s Las Vegas.
After 15 years of ever more extravagant hotel launches, the city's famous Strip
now offers the most awe-striking accommodation in the world. These are my
choices -thankfully, as all hotel shops and restaurants are open to
nonresidents, you can gawp and giggle at the whole lot during your stay.

For tasteful travellers, there are two options. The undoubted princess of the
Strip is the Tuscan-themed Bellagio (00 1-888 987 6667, www.bellagio.com;
doubles from £84), which combines restrained decor with wholly unfettered
opulence -the fountains alone cost £21m. Or, to really feel like a high roller,
pick the brand-new Wynn Las Vegas (702 770 7100, www.wynnlasvegas.com; doubles
from £126). America's most expensive hotel has no strict theme, but it does have
top-notch rooms, lovely pools and glamour to spare.

Then there's the "extravagant to the point of insanity" bracket -which may well
be more fun. The Venetian (888 283 6423, www.venetian.com; doubles from Pounds
89), with its indoor St Mark's Square and Grand Canal Shoppes -"shoppes"?
Venice? -is simply absurd, but it also has two Guggenheim museums on the
grounds, and some of the most fashionable bars in town.

Paris Las Vegas (888 266 5687, www.parislv.com; doubles from £58) is well placed
and nicely done -the Eiffel Tower gives a great view of the Strip, and the
replica Parisian streets are rendered particularly priceless by the "guided
history tours" along them.

New York-New York (800 693 6763, www.nynyhotel casino.com; doubles from Pounds
47) is a good option if you want a lively, "no sleep till Heathrow" trip, with a
Coney Island rollercoaster flying past the Man- hattan skyline, but if you're
looking for more of a relaxing haven to come home to, I'd choose the
Raffles-style Mandalay Bay (877 632 7000, www.mandalay bay.com; doubles from
£63), with its excellent restaurants and huge pool area, complete with a fake
tropical beach.

At the same, southern end of the Strip is the hotel you're most likely to see in
the brochures, because it's the world's largest. MGM-Grand (702 891 7777,
www.mgmgrand.com; doubles from £51, including one meal) can be a touch
bewildering, but find a good price (and with 5,000 rooms to fill, you'll often
get the best value on the Strip here) and this is a safe bet, with excellent
restaurants.

Finally, if all these monsters seem a bit much, the Hard Rock Hotel (800 473
7625, www.hardrockhotel.com; doubles from £68) is smaller and surprisingly
fashionable -London's celeb sushi spot Nobu is based here -and stylish.

The same may not be said for the opening of 2006: Hooters, the infamous chain of
bars where the waitresses all wear orange hot pants and crop tops, is entering
the hotel trade here in February. Only in Vegas.

THE DAYLIGHT HOURS

From shark tanks to spa treatments, sculpture gardens to "Shoot a real
machinegun here", the options for filling the hours between the lie-in and the
first martini are almost limitless. But while wandering aimlessly around the
eye-popping resorts is certainly fun, with so very, very much to do here, Vegas
generously rewards forward planning.

For cultural enlightenment, head to the Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art, the
temporary Guggenheim exhibits at the Venetian -or, for the more highbrow
traveller, the Elvis-A-Rama Museum (£9, open every day). It's the biggest
collection of Elvibilia outside Memphis, and the one-hour tri-bute show (2pm and
4pm) is eye-mistingly good.

If you feel the need to burn calories -and you will -it's worth packing the
jogging kit. The dawn run along the Strip is a new Vegas institution, and it's
one of the city's most scenic times of day. But the most clean fun around is at
the All Sport Arena, which houses "the world's best batting cage" -baseball's
equivalent of a golf driving range, where you can pretend to be Joe DiMaggio
while a machine wings pitches at you (£4 for 50 balls).

Less wholesome is the city's latest diversification, into rollercoasters. Of the
dozen or so rides now whooshing around the Strip, those at the Stratosphere
tower (from £11) most perfectly combine great views with paralysing fear.

SHOPPUS NON STOPPUS

While the Latin might not be accurate, the motto of the Caesars Palace shopping
mall is spot-on -this is a world- beating, overdraft-shattering shopper's town,
covering everything from the only Oscar de la Renta boutique in the world to
picking up a new pair of Nikes for the price of a pizza.

While I lack both the expertise and the newsprint to list every retailer worth
visiting, the Forum Shops and the Venetian's Grand Canal Shoppes count as
unmissable, high-camp Las Vegas experiences in themselves, while the enormous
Fashion Show Mall could clothe anyone for life. The exchange rate is currently
creating bargains all on its own, but for designer labels at Asda prices, there
are three outlet malls on the edge of town.

The Where to Wear guide to Las Vegas (www.where towear.com; £9.99) is the
must-pack authority on all such matters.

LEAVING LAS VEGAS

To love Vegas, it's advisable to leave it once in a while. Only 25 minutes west
of town, the Red Rock Canyon park is American desert wilderness at its most
stunning and pristine, a cowboy landscape of gullies and plains, and a rinse
programme for the soul after the excesses of Sin City. Pick up walking maps at
the visitors' centre, rent mountain bikes from McGhie's, in the Blue Diamond
hamlet (702 875 4820, www.mcghies.com; £19 a day) or saddle up and roll out with
Cowboy Trail Rides (702 387 2457, www.cowboytrailrides.com; £48 for two hours).

Or head east of town to Lake Mead, a huge, if shrinking, reservoir where you can
rent a boat or take a refreshing dip. Like Red Rock Canyon, it's more restful
midweek.

The definitive Vegas outing (easily tagged onto many packages) is the helicopter
ride to the Grand Canyon. It's thrilling, it's beautiful and it's surprisingly
educational -but if, at £190, it's outside the budget, sell your fillings to pay
for the discount option, the £40 flight up and down the Strip at night. Now that
is one of the wonders of the world. Book with Sundance (702 736 0606, www.

sundancehelicopters.com).

EAT, EAT, EAT

My post-Vegas diet will last until Christmas. This place is so dedicated to
feeding you up, from all-you-can-eat break-fasts to as-far-as-you-can-see
buffets, I half expected to have my liver removed to make pate before the flight
home. Even the spa at the Venetian was offering free appetisers when I visited.

But gluttony is no longer the only meal in town, with America's most revered
chefs now opening stellar restaurants in all the top-flight hotels. Julian
Serrano's Picasso at the Bellagio (702 693 7223; four courses £51) currently has
the most prized tables in town, while Charlie Palmer's Aureole at Mandalay Bay
(702 632 7401; mains from £11) is feted for both the innovative modern American
cuisine and what many believe is the best wine list in America.

For the local dining buzz, buy a copy of Las Vegas Life (£2.20, newsagents),
where the 100 best restaurants in town -and there really are 100 top-class
restaurants within two square miles -are reviewed every month, then plan, and
definitely book, your evening treats. Shockingly excluded from the chart,
though, is my hero -Fatburger. It does exactly what it says on the sign, 24
hours a day, with fries (on the Strip; burgers from £4).

IT'S SHOWTIME

Las Vegas offers, by a comfort-able distance, the largest concentration of
entertainment talent in the world -even after you've swiftly discounted the army
of aging stars of whom the Americans can't get enough, but most Britons have
wisely forgotten. Michael Bolton, Gladys Knight, Barry Manilow, Celine Dion -the
list, sadly, goes on and on.

Thank heavens, you can do much better. The always bewitching Cirque du Soleil
has four permanent shows in Vegas: Ka at the MGM-Grand, Zumanity at New York-New
York, Mystere at Treasure Island and O at the Bellagio. The rival circus show at
the Wynn, La Reve, cost £13m to put on.

The perfomance-art trio Blue Man Group pack them in every night at the Luxor,
magicians Penn and Teller are a smash hit at the Rio, and Second City, a
bitingly satirical comedy ensemble, are a permanent fixture at the Flamingo. Of
the innumer-able showgirl revues, the pick is Jubilee at Bally's -with a cast of
hundreds and a costume budget of millions (which somehow still fails adequately
to clothe the participants), this is Vegas at its most old-school.

To secure your tickets, visit www.vegasshows.com. Prices start at £30, reaching
£70 and up for weekend shows (told you it was easy to throw money away in
Vegas). Once again, advance planning pays -it's best to buy before you fly.

LATE-NIGHT LIFE

It's always been easy to get a drink in Las Vegas -that's how the casinos like
it -but the restaurant revolution has been matched by a move towards a more
sophisticated bar culture. The new "ultra lounges" close between 1am and 2am,
and get busy at the weekends, when Hollywood royalty hits town.

A night out to match any in New York would take in the beautiful people and
views at Jack's Velvet Lounge, in the Venetian, wince at the prices at Caramel,
in the Bellagio, admire the bar made of ice at Red Square, in Mandalay Bay, hit
the dancefloor at Tabu, in the MGM-Grand (admission £11) and finally, with all
pretensions to hipness expunged, join the sing-along in the gregarious Bar at
Times Square, in New York-New York.

By then, it would probably be time to cancel tomorrow morning's helicopter
flight and head for bed.

*Brian Schofield travelled as a guest of Funway and United Airlines

TRAVEL BRIEF

When to go: the centenary party, a long weekend of concerts, parades and
festivities will take place on July 1-4.

If you don't enjoy the heat, avoid July and August, though you'll find bargains
then. It's also wise to check the excellent www.visitlasvegas.co.uk to see
whether your dates coincide with a huge trade convention that will spike room
prices.

Tour operators: Funway (0870 444 0770, www.funwayholidays. co.uk) has four
nights at the Bellagio from £749pp and four nights at the MGM Grand from £675pp,
including flights on United Airlines from Heathrow via LA and car hire; regional
connections from £51. Virgin Holidays (0871 222 0306, www.virgin.com/holidays)
has four nights at the Mandalay Bay from £872pp in June, including flights from
Gatwick and car hire.

Thomson Tailormade (0870 403 0650, www.thomson.co.uk) has four nights at New
York-New York from £839pp, including flights on Virgin from Gatwick or BMI from
Manchester and car hire.

Las Vegas is also well served by the big booking websites. Expedia (0870 050
0808, www.expedia.co.uk) has four nights at the Hard Rock Hotel from Pounds
948pp, including flights on Northwest from Gatwick via Minneapolis and car hire.
Or try Travelocity (0870 111 7061, www.travelocity.co.uk) or Ebookers (0800 082
3000, www.ebookers.com).

Flights: for direct flights, try Virgin Atlantic (0870 574 7747,
www.virgin-atlantic.co.uk), from Gatwick, from £578; or BMI (0870 607 0222,
www.flybmi.com), from Manchester, from £467. United Airlines (0845 844 4777,
www.united airlines.co.uk) flies from Heathrow via a choice of US cities; from
£528.

Check the websites listed above as well.


LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Celebrating sin city's 100th birthday in style

                    Copyright 2005 Times Newspapers Limited


                              905 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 13, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW YORK;
RX FOR POISON: FICTION

BYLINE: By Sydney H. Schanberg

SECTION: Section A; Page 27, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 878 words


Hardly a week passes without a newspaper story about the pollution of our air
and water by dangerous chemical wastes. Here are but a few recent headlines:
''Guilt Admitted in Toxic Dumping at City Landfills''; ''Panel Says New York
State Failed to Curb Refiner's Waste Dumping''; ''New State Rules on Toxic Waste
Due on March 9''; ''City Studying Ways to Test for Illegal Waste in Dumps.''

We are still ''studying'' the crisis and issuing ''new rules.'' And while we are
studying, the chemical revolution that blossomed after World War II and was so
widely applauded at the time continues to blossom - and no one knows what to do
with its hazardous residues.

Albany officials, for example, acknowledge that about 1.4 million tons of
hazardous wastes are generated each year in New York State but that the
facilities for defusing and burying these carcinogenic materials can handle only
1 million tons of it. Other experts say the state is optimistic with its
figures, claiming that disposal sites exist for, at most, only 30 percent of the
waste. Where do the other hundreds of thousands of tons of these potentially
lethal substances go? They are dumped at deserted roadsides, down sewers, into
water drains and at municipal landfills (garbage dumps).

Proper disposal facilities simply do not exist. And when a governmental body
tries to build a treatment plant, local political opposition swells instantly
and is usually able to block it. That was the case recently with a laudable plan
from Governor Carey to sponsor a $1 billion toxic-waste treatment facility on
the shore of Lake Ontario. Strident community protest killed the idea, and Mr.
Carey, abandoning the project, said: ''It's the old story. Nobody wants it in
their backyard, and it winds up in nobody's backyard.''

What does wind up in somebody's yard are the untreated chemical poisons. Since
government agencies feel they can't admit they are not protect-ing the citizenry
from health hazards, they issue statements suggesting they are doing something.
Such as the statement two months ago from the state's Department of
Environmental Conservation, which said it was issuing new regulations that would
track toxic wastes from the point of generation to the final disposal. Well,
maybe the regulations will magically track the poisons, but there aren't
anywhere near enough enforcement people to track them - and the state
environmental agency knows this.

The control of these wastes, therefore, remains largely a fiction.  Not
necessarily because of government venality or ineptitude - although those
factors can't be dismissed entirely - but mostly because there is no public
support or pressure for finding places to put the awful stuff.

So the free market has taken over. This means truckers who make a lot of money
going through the pretense of taking the wastes to nonexistent treatment
facilities and dumping them in ''backyards'' instead.

If the tiny enforcement staffs of government agencies choose, or happen, to
catch one of these contractors, he pays the fine of $1,000 or so as the modest
price of doing big business.

Have you ever wondered what happens to the millions of gallons of poten-tially
hazardous used crankcase oil that gas stations have to get rid of? It's picked
up by the same contractors who pick up toxic wastes. They're supposed to carry
it to a ''re-refinery'' to take out impurities and recycle it. But few such
re-refineries exist in the entire region. So the contractors sell the crankcase
oil - either as is or mixed with toxic wastes - at low prices to building owners
who use it in place of much more costly regular heating fuel. And no one is
seriously trying to find out what effect this is having on the air we breathe.

Last month the state environmental agency suspended its enforcement attorney for
the New York City region, Samuel J. Kearing Jr. The agency's regional director
said that Mr. Kearing had been insubordinate and ''abusive'' in his behavior.
Mr. Kearing contended, however, that he was being punished for his
aggressiveness in pursuing violators of the waste and pollution laws, in
particular the City of New York.

That dispute will be resolved in other arenas, but Mr. Kearing's observations on
the larger issues bear listening to. ''The toxic waste program is a charade,''
he says. ''We don't have a policy and we don't know what we want to accomplish.
We don't have toxicologists. There are no monitors at landfills. We run around
and make a few prosecutions so it looks like something is happening. It's all
done with mirrors.''

A week ago, a State Senate committee indirectly gave support to Mr. Kearing's
position by charging that the state agency had looked the other way for two
years while a company illegally dumped ''millions of gallons of
health-threatening and hazardous chemical wastes'' into the sewer system and
several solid-waste landfills in New York City.

They're dumping poison in our backyards and we - as individuals and government -
are not doing much about it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-ed

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              906 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 5, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Economic Scene;
Still Banking On Trouble

BYLINE: By Peter Passell

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 828 words


WILL taxpayers, insurers of last resort for bank deposits, once again be left
holding the bag? Warnings of humongous bank losses ahead, offered in a new book
and splashed around the airwaves by Ross Perot, have been dismissed by Federal
regulators in a rare public display of wrath. And the regulators' scorn was only
reinforced last week with reports of surging bank earnings.

But there is much more to the new book, "Banking on the Brink" by Roger J.
Vaughn and Edward W. Hill (Washington Post Company Briefing Books), than
estimates of which banks may be buried under a rubble of bad loans or how much
it might cost Uncle Sugar to dig them out. The two economists argue that
commercial banking is dying -- at least commercial banking-as-usual. And they
see little evidence that the road to a more diverse system for transforming
private savings into productive capital has been mapped by Washington.

Will there be a Federal takeover of undercapitalized lenders that empties the
deposit insurance fund? The experts disagree, as experts are wont to do. And Mr.
Vaughn and Mr. Hill are numbered among the pessimists. Surprisingly, though, in
light of the bitter responses to the Vaughn-Hill findings, the range of
disagreement among independent analysts is not all that great.

If insolvent banks were promptly shuttered, the two authors estimate that the
net cost of paying off the insured depositors would run between $45 billion and
$60 billion. The Congressional Budget Office puts the number at $43 billion,
while Robert Litan, a bank watcher at the Brookings Institution, says $30
billion to $50 billion.

In the less bearish forecasts, deposit insurance premiums, plus funds borrowed
under the insurers' established lines of credit, would probably let Washington
squeak through the 1990's without tapping taxpayers for more cash. That might
not be the case with the Vaughn-Hill scenario; hence Ross Perot's plea to "just
tell me now."

The core problem, though, is not the $10 billion to $20 billion in liabilities
that might or might not spill over to the United States Treasury. What really
upsets Messrs. Vaughn and Hill and many other banking specialists is that delays
in downsizing commercial banking could multiply these expected losses many times
over, while leaving in place an inefficient system for channeling the nation's
savings to the creditworthy.

The wretched performance of many commercial banks, including many of the
biggest, in the last decade has been casually attributed to stupidity or
venality. But the truth is more complicated.

Deregulation has forced banks to compete with nonbanks at ever-decreasing
margins. Fidelity and Vanguard mutual funds have become as attractive places to
store cash as, say, Chase or Citibank, while GE Credit and Sears have become
highly competitive lenders. Meanwhile blue-chip corporations, long the meal
tickets of the big banks, have learned they can borrow direct from the
securities markets.

Many banks panicked, responding to harsh realities by rushing into lending
businesses where brighter lights feared to tread: third world debt, oil and gas,
commercial real estate.

That suicidal urge to make up for lost lending volume is presumably spent. And
thanks to the plunge in interest rates on short-term deposits, average bank
margins have risen sharply in recent months. But the profit reprieve is surely
temporary: Mr. Litan reckons that commercial banking's lending capacity is still
a third larger than can be justified by its core business. And in any case, Mr.
Vaughn notes, "the sick banks aren't the ones making money." Unless the mortally
wounded are put out of their misery promptly, he worries the taxpayers will end
up with the hospital bill.

As of Dec. 19, regulators will be, in fact, under Congressional orders to
perform this triage, raising minimum capital standards for all banks and closing
the ones that cannot make the hurdle. Washington is also taking a cautious stab
at discouraging the banks' tendency to plunge by linking deposit insurance
premiums to their lending risks.

But Mr. Vaughn notes that measures to sweep away the weak could also drive out
the strong.  Squeeze much harder and a successful "wholesale" bank like Morgan
Guaranty, with little need to raise money through insured deposits, might decide
a bank charter is a luxury it need not afford.

Lawrence White of New York University adds, moreover, that it is by no means
clear that the bank-busting regulators will chose their targets accurately.
Accounting rules still permit banks to value assets at cost rather than market
price -- a time bomb when the asset is an office building worth perhaps 40 cents
on the dollar.

Almost everyone, it seems, agrees where commercial banks are and where
regulators should be pointing them. What is less well understood, though, is
that the likeliest path to an efficient, profitable commercial banking industry
runs through a mine field.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing.

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              907 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             April 6, 1999, Tuesday

DON'T LET LIBERALS START A WAR; A GROUND CAMPAIGN IN KOSOVO WOULD BOOST
ISOLATIONISM AT HOME

BYLINE: Dick Morris

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 029

LENGTH: 914 words


The wonderful idealism of thenew America, with its spiritualityand compassion,
must not bedashed in a collision with a foreignthug who knows no limits.  THREE
times in this century - in World War I, Korea and Vietnam - liberal presidents
have gotten us into wars that sapped our national spirit, eroded our idealism
and left our nation introverted, isolationist, and self-absorbed. Now the
pattern may repreat itself if President Clinton approves the use of ground
combat troops in Kosovo.

As the poet and philosopher George Santayana said, "Those who cannot remember
the past are condemned to repeat it."

Clinton's recent decision to dispatch Apache attack helicopters to Albania for
possible use in Kosovo is deeply troubling. These are not instruments of air
power. They are flying ground troops. Their mission is to swoop low over a
battlefield and intervene tactically against tanks, artillery and infantry. They
are cavalry, not air units. They can be shot down and open the door to the kind
of casualties we must not tolerate.

In World War I, Korea and Vietnam, periods of prosperity and national
self-assurance kindled idealism and positive energy which manifested itself in
constructive growth at home and the promotion of compassion abroad. The
progressivism of the early 1900s, Truman's Fair Deal and the Marshall Plan in
the late 1940s, and the civil rights movement of the early 1960s were all
emblematic of this period of national purpose and forward looking vision.

But in all three periods, this idealism crashed against a foreign foe - Germany,
North Korea, North Vietnam - which savaged innocents and destroyed human rights.
Impelled by the same idealism that animated their domestic programs, Presidents
Woodrow Wilson, Harry Truman and Lyndon B. Johnson committed this nation to
massive foreign wars to control aggressors. Their humanitarian motivation and
the venality of their adversaries were of little comfort as casualty lists
mounted and a nation saw the best of its youth destroyed.

As 113,000 Americans died in World War I, 53,000 in Korea and 58,000 in Vietnam,
idealism fell into disrepute and there followed periods of a decade or more in
which America turned its back on the rest of humanity and refused to become
involved. The isolationism of the 1920s, the passivity of the 1950s, and the
nihilistic rejection of international involvement in the 1970s made these
periods among the more shameful decades of our American century. The
narcissistic self-indulgence of these years of reaction did not wear off for a
very long time.

Now the liberals summon us again to a foreign war to contain a viscous killer.
Milosovic may lack the power to be a Hitler, but he is a fair approximation of
the Kaiser, of Ho Chi Minh or of the North Korean dictators. Clinton is being
pushed and pulled by the idealism of his supporters and the contempt of his
critics into the same kind of no-win, high-risk ground war which destroyed the
Wilson, Truman and Johnson presidencies.

In 1995, Clinton told me, "The liberals and the media are trying to get me into
a war in Bosnia. They have their reporters there, they run scenes of slaughter
and rape every night on TV. They are all internationalists who want to start a
war." He was right then and he is right now.

The United States should bomb for weeks or even months. It should attack Serb
units from the air, destroy Serb power plants and bridges, but we must not - not
- listen to the liberals (or to the conservatives) and send in ground troops.

The wonderful idealism of the new America, with its spirituality and compassion,
must not be dashed in a collision with a foreign thug who knows no limits. The
generosity of spirit which impels American concern for Kosovo in the first place
is the world's best hope. If Clinton abuses it by asking it to bear more than it
will, he will destroy it and usher in another predictable period of reaction.

The national constituency for greater international involvement is rising with
our prosperity. Charitable giving in America is up 25 percent since the start of
the decade (after rising almost not at all in the equally prosperous '80s). The
plight of Africa, Asia, and Latin America is cutting more and more deeply into
our national consciousness. With a quarter of the world's wealth and the only
healthy economy on the globe, a compassionate America can do enormous good
throughout the world. But Americans will not tolerate body bags. A few
casualties in the air war are one thing, but massive deaths on the ground are
quite another.

Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger recently spoke of the importance of
maintaining NATO's "credibility." He missed then, as he missed for a decade, the
central fact that the credibility of American foreign policy rests not on the
willingness of U.S. leaders to embark on military action but on the willingness
of their constituents to tolerate it. His macho argument about credibility is
precisely the stuff that lured Johnson to his ruins in Vietnam.

If the bombing doesn't work, we should pull out and go home. We cannot fight
every injustice or defeat all tyrants. There are limits to our power because
their are limits to our willingness to accept deaths. The United States cannot
deploy ground troops in combat unless our vital national life literally depends
upon it. Our public will never accept it.

The message for Clinton is clear: Bomb what you want, but don't send in troops.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              908 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Moscow News (Russia)

                               September 3, 1993

Seabeco and Rutskoi staked on Indosuez?

BYLINE: Alexander Fyodorov

SECTION: PERSONALITIES; No. 36

LENGTH: 2054 words

HIGHLIGHT:


A reply to this question could spark off a scandal in Switzerland.


"Unless you get out of here immediately I will act according to my instructions.
I will shoot." On hearing these words, uttered by a police sergeant in surly
tones, an operator of the Swiss TV and I decided to dive into our car and drive
away. The attempts we made earlier to find out more about Boris Birshtein's
Moscow residence, besides its address (61 Kosygin Street) were to no avail.

After the sensational statements by the members of the Inter- Departmental
Commission about the "venality" of some ranking personages in Russia and
retaliatory, categorical press conferences held by the said persons, days of
complete media blackout have now ensued. True this is a lull but no one
cherishes an illusion that the wind has not been sown.

MN continues its own investigation. This time we focussed on Benjamin Keret who,
according to the Departmental Commission, has signed, the now infamous, trust
agreement along with Alexander Rutskoi. And again, according to Andrei Makarov,
it is precisely to Benjamin Keret that the Vice-President entrusted the disposal
and control of the millions of dollars transferred to Account No. 62299M in the
Zurich branch of the Indosuez bank. Who is Benjamin Keret then?

MN has discovered that Keret was a figure of significant weight and stature in
the Seabeco company. For a number of years he occupied the post of chief
financier of the Seabeco Ggruppe and a shareholder with a large amount of shares
in sister companies, subsidiaries and joint ventures. Born in the USA in 1923,
he emigrated to Israel after the World War II, decided upon a military career
and rose through the ranks to become a Colonel of the Israeli Air Force.
According to our information, the sphere of his activities encompassed
electronics and radio intelligence. Birshtein took Keret on to work for him
after the latter had already retired.

In the mid-80s Keret moved to Germany and found employment with Seabeco.
Interestingly, he was the holder of the biggest block of stock in Seabeco
Metalls AG, co-jointly with Tsvetmetexport of the USSR, and would visit Moscow
on occasion. Shortly before his 70th birthday Keret tendered his resignation. A
farewell feast was held in the offices of Seabeco in Zurich last spring, to mark
his retirement. Keret then went home to bed, but on the following day his wife
Dina found him dead. Doctors concluded that he had suffered a severe myocardial
infarction.

So, even if Keret did sign next to Rutskoi, he will never be able to bear
witness to this. But commenting on the current situation at the request of the
MN correspondent, a Swiss lawyer expressed the view that in concluding this kind
of trust agreement it is not obligatory that both parties invite a notary, a
witness for both sides is sufficient. Whether there were any witnesses at all,
and which particular individuals were present, if any, is still in doubt (unless
they were a trump-card, hidden by one of the parties).

A few words are in order here as to how the documents came to be in the Kremlin.
According to the information available to us, the entire package of
"compromising materials" was "redeemed" by Dmitry Yakubovsky in Zurich. He
probably brought them to Moscow in July and handed them over to the Commission
supervised by Andrei Makarov. How much and which banking personnel were paid
remains a mystery. However, if authentic information about the whole affair
becomes available to the Swiss public, this will obviously cause a turnaround in
the notions about the safety and security of accounts deposited in Swiss banks.
So far, bankers have refused to comment.

The fact that the agreement between Keret and Rutskoi, attested by a notary
public, is Yakubovsky's handiwork, is beyond dispute. And the fact that a notary
public attested those very copies is also easily explained: in some Western
countries it is accepted legal practice that a public notary himself makes a
copy of the original, using his own photocopies, makes sure it is authentic and
then acknowledges it. "I was in possession of this very document, this is a copy
of it, and here is my signature." However, the whereabouts of the original now
remain unclear.

While the Procurator's Office in Moscow reshuffles the documents made available
to it by the Inter-Departmental Commission, the Vice- President publicly
declares his readiness to come and give the requisite testimony. The other
parties involved prefer to maintain discreet silence.

It is known that a "crisis meeting" was held last week in the Seabeco
headquarters in Zurich and, according to the newspaper Le Nouveau Quotidien, the
Swiss criminal police developed a serious interest in the activities of Seabeco
and its chairman's character.

Finally, it has been brought to the attention of MN, that Chief of the
Department for Guaranteeing the Activity of the Inter- Departmental Commission
Andrei Makarov and Chief of the Control Directorate Viktor Ilyushenko planned to
fly to Canada on Friday August 27. However, for some unknown reason, the visit
has not yet taken place.

MN file

The Russian Vice-President is now being suspected of carrying out shady deals
with the Indosuez bank. This bank ranks among the five top French banks. In 1990
its total assets were in the region of 346 billion francs (roughly equivalent to
59.6 billion US dollars).

The Indosuez bank In Switzerland is a subsidiary of the "parent" lending
institution based in Paris. In 1990 the Swiss branch catered to about 400
permanent customers and declared its balance-sheet credit to be in the range of
3.52 billion Swiss francs (or 2.39 billion dollars). The bank specializes in
providing finance for international transactions, which account for about 55
percent of its total assets. It has subsidiaries in Geneva and Lugano, as well
as in Zurich.

According to the Swiss banking legislation, any bank on the territory of the
Swiss Confederation is bound to keep its dealings with clients secret.

According to the Swiss press, the Indosuez bank has been the kingpin bank of the
Seabeco Ato information we now have, the Seabeco trading AG, formed in Zug
(Switzerland) on September 28, 1983. Claiming to be a company "for dealing in
various goods and for making investments in other companies", its goals and
objectives were in fact quite different. In reality, the firm with an authorized
capital stock of quite symbolic 50,000. Swiss francs (about 35,000 dollars) was
launched by Boris Birshtein for the benefit of a certain Hugo Gut, a Swiss
citizen. Having instituted the post of Co-Director in the company, Birshtein
selected Gut himself to fill the post, formerly managing director of the
"Indosuez Verwaltung AG. Gut used to be linked directly with the Indosuez bank,
where Birshtein had already had large deposits.

MN follow-up

On September 1, President Yeltsin has signed a decree on the temporary dismissal
of Vice-President Rutskoi and Vice-Premier Shumeiko (at his personal request).
This decision was taken in view of the damage which has been and is being
inflicted on state power as a result of mutual accusations of corruption.
However, Andrei Fyodorov, adviser to the Vice-President of the Russian
Federation, has declared that the decree runs counter to several articles of the
Constitution at once.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                           Copyright 1993 Moscow News


                              909 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          September 10, 1994 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

FLAMBOYANT IRELAND DISPLAYED IN ALL ITS HUES

BYLINE: Reviewed by GERARD WINDSOR

SECTION: SPECTRUM; Reviews; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1016 words


"I HAD four green fields," said the poor old woman, "but one of them's in
bondage." Well, maybe, but here's another version of Ireland's four fields, and
one of them's more orange than green, while another is blitzkrieg psychedelic.
Yet bondage is certainly the word for one of them (a boy shut inside a barn for
the first six years of his life), but then that's topped by prostitution and
incest as distinguishing features of two others.

Contemporary Ireland, all of it, is bedevilled by questions of pluralism and
identity. These four novels strikingly represent four major ways of being Irish.

David Park's The Rye Man, for example, is Protestant Ulster - or at least the
most attractive aspects of it - to a tee. Set in County Down, within sight of
the Mourne Mountains, the novel's protagonist is a young primary-school
headmaster - principled, conscientious, tactful, adroit with children, sensibly
up-to-date. Saving children is his vocation (as it was for Salinger's Holden
Caulfield, the original catcher in the rye).

The prose is sure and observant without ever being flamboyant or taking fire.
The narrative moves steadily forward, the reins strain back against the
denouements long after they've been signalled. The children he cannot save -the
boy he found in the barn, his own miscarried foetus, the slow girl with the
violent father, maybe all the kept-apart children of Ireland - close in on him.
The ending is as inexorably bleak as Calvin could have wished. Harrowing, but a
neat package. And the publishers have got it just right - small format, elegant,
understated, grey flecked with red, hardcover.

Compare that with Tom Murphy's The Seduction of Morality. In one way this is the
staple novel of the Irish Republic. Yet another variation on Yeats's Paudeen
fumbling in his greasy till. The provincial town and the venality and
materialism of the Catholic newish middle class. The genre has been flourishing
for at least two generations. But Murphy invigorates it.

A playwright whose Conversations on a Homecoming was a Sydney Festival hit some
years ago, he has written his first novel.

The title is bad, but the book goes on getting better. Vera, a 37-year-old
eldest child who has been earning her living in New York as a hooker, comes home
to rural Ireland for her mother's funeral. Much jockeying ensues, not least
around the inheritance. The tonal range is wide - Murphy is not afraid of what
is emotionally fraught and renders it with delicacy and insight - but his great
strength is in the free-wheeling, over-the-top, well-liquored tradition of Irish
story-telling. (David Park, by contrast, hasn't a drop taken in the whole of The
Rye Man.)

It's great crack. There's a treat, for example, in any scene with Finbar Reilly,
Vera's adolescent love, and now a bachelor of the more putrid variety, resident
in an estate known as the Punjab, who recycles holy medals as earrings, is a
scout for antique dealers and has an arrangement up against the wall twice
yearly with Florrie Delaney. But, as you might hope for from a dramatist, it's
the dialogue that's so delicious that you go cold turkey when Murphy moves back
into authorial narrative. I guffawed over one gem of a chapter about a rigged
auction. This is stage Irish stuff of a very high order.

FOR all its outrageousness, there is no sense of contemporaneity about The
Seduction of Morality, whereas Frank Ronan's Dixie Chicken is the new Ireland
altogether. It has drugs, bisexuality, incest and the ultimate in the omniscient
narrator - none other than God himself - though not quite a god made in the
likeness of Ireland's God.

Rory Dixon, charismatic architect and lover, goes over a Wexford cliff in his
Lancia Spider, playing Little Feat's Dixie Chickens and Tennessee Lambs. Did he
fall, or was he pushed? Or did he jump? Whodunnit? In fact, who done what? Or
what didn't who do? There are more turns in this book than on a bad Monday in
Bedlam.

Ronan has a brutal, throwaway style. This is a young man's book,
take-it-or-leave-it fun. God doesn't work. Ronan doesn't know what to do with
this clever idea he's thought up, and most of the time God goes out without his
unique powers and falls back on sounding like, well ... like Frank Ronan.

Then there's romantic, tragic Ireland dead and gone, but preserved best by the
emigre Irish, and best of all by the North American emigre Irish. Jane Urquhart
is Canadian. Her book, Away, is ambitious. The first page gives the spirit:
high-toned. "The women of this family leaned towards extremes ... That was the
way it was for the women of this family. It was part of their destiny."

The stiff, programmatic structure is an old woman by Lake Ontario retelling the
story told her by her grandmother of the family's famine-induced migration from
Rathlin Island off the coast of Antrim, their settlement in Canada and
involvement in Fenian activity there in the 1860s. The "Away" refers less to
their migration than to the women being bewitched or at least infatuated. Other
than to say that the fairy folk take over their souls, the best description for
what happens to them is Yeats's phrase "caught in the cold snows of a dream".

There is real inspiration behind many of Urquhart's images. For example, she
starts with a dying sailor washed ashore on Rathlin in a sea of tin kettles and
barrels of whisky. But the execution falters; the impact of potentially great
scenes is dissipated by slack, second-rate narrative and suspect profound
gesture. Occasionally, it's worse than that.

Her peasant dialogue is Synge pastiche. Her attempt at an Anglo-Irish landlord
family is embarrassing; two bachelor brothers, Osbert and Granville Sedgewick.
Why such patent derivativeness? Presumably only Urquhart's sisterly solidarity
prevented her giving the brothers an even battier spinster sibling called Edith.
The Anglo-Irish have enough handicaps as it is without having to take on board
the baggage of the Sitwells.

Urquhart is too much what Yeats nearly called "all American vague immensities".
The native Irish are altogether more calculated and sharp. They're the lads for
my money.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1994 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                 June 11, 2006

Review: Books: Fraud: Why the Getty paid top dollar to tomb robbers: The Medici
Conspiracy Peter Watson with Cecilia Todeschini Public Affairs £ 15.99, pp320

BYLINE: JONATHAN BOUQUET

SECTION: OBSERVER REVIEW BOOKS PAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 426 words


THIS WAS a marriage made in heaven: the ludicrously over-endowed J Paul Getty
Museum at Malibu, north of Los Angeles, and Giacomo Medici, a sleek, balding,
round-faced Italian dealer in looted antiquities. Thanks to Getty's legacy, the
museum found itself in the position of having to spend a minimum percentage of
the income from its $5bn endowment within a certain time if it wanted to keep
its charitable status.

It is the relationship between Getty curator Marion True and Medici that lies at
the heart of this gripping book by former Observer journalist Peter Watson and
Cecilia Todeschini, a researcher who has worked for the BBC, CBS and NBC. They
describe in forensic detail the passage of looted Roman and Greek artefacts from
their less than scientific unearthing by tombaroli (tomb robbers) in Italy, via
Medici's Geneva company and on to the West Coast of America. As the authors make
abundantly clear, True can have been in no doubt as to the origins of the
museum's purchases, often made through middle men, to disguise the fact that
they had been looted. Yet buy vases, plates, kraters and statuary from Medici
she did.

But it is not just the Getty Museum that has been party to this archaeological
vandalism. The Metropolitan Museum in New York purchased at an exorbitant price
the Euphronios krater, one of the most magnificent examples of this kind of
drinking vessel, from Medici, thus setting in train a lust by curators in
America especially for such pieces. Sotheby's, too, although probably
unknowingly, was also lured into Medici's web. To give objects a specious
provenance, he would dispatch them to the auction house in London for sale, and
then buy them back himself, thereby having the vital Sotheby's imprimatur.
Sotheby's, to its credit, no longer deals in such antiquities.

The credit for uncovering these and other scams belongs squarely with General
Roberto Conforti, head of the Carabinieri Art Squad, and his team of supremely
devoted and diligent investigators, who worked for years to uncover all aspects
of this sordid trade. The work bore fruit with the conviction of Medici in June
2005, while Marion True is presently on trial in Italy, accused of trafficking
in stolen antiquities.

After Medici's conviction, the Getty did have the decency to return several
pieces purchased from him, but, by then, it was too little too late. As a
portrait of venality, The Medici Conspiracy is both shocking and compelling.

To order The Medici Conspiracy

for £ 14.99 with free UK p&p, go to observer.co.uk/bookshop or call 0870 836
0885


LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

POIGNANT TRIP THROUGH MIDDLE AMERICA

BYLINE: Roger Moore McClatchy-Tribune<br>

SECTION: C; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 532 words


Dylan Thomas taught us all we ever need to know about old age, death and dying:
"Rage, rage against the dying of the light."

Woodrow "Woody" Grant makes his rage a quest. He's 80ish. He's gotten a letter
in the mail that tells him he "may have already won" a million bucks in a
magazine sales sweepstakes. And by God, he's going to get from Billings to
Lincoln, Neb., to collect it.

There's no talking him out of it. His son tries.

"You haven't won ANYTHING."

His wife nags - "You dumb CLUCK!"

And since he's too feeble to drive, there's nothing for it but to give the slip
to his doubting family. He'll walk, in early winter, from Montana to Nebraska.

Alexander Payne's bleak, brilliant and bitterly funny "Nebraska" begins with the
image of Woody, played by Bruce Dern in a spot-on, shambling performance,
trudging down a highway in wintry Billings. The cops pick him up and we meet his
long-suffering stereo-salesman son, David (a terrific Will Forte).

We meet Woody's shrill, cranky wife, Kate (June Squibb, who steals the movie).

"You know what I'd do with a million dollars? I'd put him in a home!"

David agrees. But from the start of this story to the end, David and we come to
realize that it's taken a lifetime of hardship, disappointment, trauma and drink
to get Woody to this point.

"You'd drink too, if you were married to your mother," Woody growls. He's going
to Lincoln "if it's the last thing I do ... I'm runnin' out of time."

The director of "Sideways" serves up another poignant and hilarious road trip
comedy, with David - freshly split from his girlfriend - indulging his dad's
lunacy by driving him to Lincoln. Not much sense in stopping at Mount Rushmore.
But a side trip to Mom and Dad's old hometown - Hawthorne, Neb. - pays comic
dividends in this forlorn farce set along America's "You betcha" belt.

Payne, working from a Bob Nelson script, lovingly sums up the milieu of
thousands of dying little rural farm towns whose aging populations are still
social enough to hit the Sodbuster Bar & Grill, but who long ago ran out of much
to say to one another. Woody can't help but share his good news with an old
partner, a character so sharply played by Stacy Keach that he is small-town
venality summed up in one neat, gregarious package.

The old are sticking around towns like Hawthorne because it's all they've ever
known, and the younger adults we meet - a generation removed from the hard work
of the farm - are trapped, overweight and just self-aware enough to be bitter
about it.

David discovers dimensions to his stubborn, addled dad and bullying,
co-dependent mom. Bob Odenkirk plays the small-town TV reporter brother who
doesn't get to make the same internal journey David does.

And Dern, a great character actor who made his mark opposite everyone from
Robert Redford and John Wayne to Jane Fonda, embraces the role of a lifetime. He
only occasionally lets us see the rascal he was through this disheveled,
troubled, reticent wreck of a man. There might be an Oscar nomination for him in
a movie that is, in every sense, a victory lap for a great career - a lap that
circles and staggers from Billings to Lincoln, with every amusing or melancholy
stop in between.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              912 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday

SIGNS OF THE END TIMES OR JUST A FALSE ALARM?

BYLINE: JIM GORDON - THE ANTI-FAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 497 words


OK. I admit it. I'm a little concerned.

A couple of things have happened in the world of big-time collegiate sports that
have me checking my Armageddon Countdown Calendar.

First, the NCAA actually took steps to curb recruiting excesses -- you know, the
strip clubs, the 5-star hotels, the booze, the female companionship, all the
things a talented young scholar-athlete has been taught to expect when
institutions of higher learning come calling for his services.

Among the changes: no more extravagant lodging or meals, no more being flown on
private jets, no more limos.

Oh, and schools must establish written policies that prohibit the use of
alcohol, drugs, sex and gambling in recruiting.

Talk about taking the va-va-va-voom out of visitation.

If that were not enough to get me cross referencing Second Coming biblical
passages with the ancient Mayan calendar, a major football power actually
suspended a prominent player -- for the season -- after run-ins with the law.

Virginia Tech sent quarterback Marcus Vick packing after he pleaded guilty to
reckless driving, pleaded no contest to a marijuana charge and was convicted of
contributing to the delinquency of a minor. In that incident, Vick and two
teammates were found to have given alcohol to 14- and 15-year-old girls at the
players' apartment.

Vick is a talented, if erratic, quarterback and the brother of former Hokie
Michael Vick, now an NFL superstar. He oozes potential. Yet he was not suspended
for a game or two, but told to go home and think about his life.

"The university is doing the right thing in the name of discipline," athletics
director Jim Weaver said. "It is sending Marcus a strong message that we take
seriously student-athlete behavior."

Discipline? Taking student-athlete behavior seriously? Quick, what did I do with
those Left Behind books?

Ah, but before panic completely sets in comes the following four soothing words:
the University of Miami.

The Hurricanes upheld my faith in the basic venality of big-time college sports
by giving a scholarship to Willie Williams, a 19-year-old with a rap sheet that
dates to 1999 and includes 11 -- count 'em, 11 -- arrests, including two that
occurred during Williams' recruiting visit to Florida in January.

Fortunately for Williams, a Miami judge -- who insisted he was "not really" a
Canes fan -- gave Williams probation, allowing the university to welcome the
Parade All-American with open arms, and allowing coach Larry Coker, with a
relatively straight face, to insist this was about all about giving a deserving
young man a second chance, and not about Miami's need to restock its depleted
linebacking corps.

Whatever the rationalization, I welcome the decision. It means the NCAA changes
and Virginia Tech's suspension of Marcus Vick are mere aberrations and not signs
of the Apocalypse, after all.

I'm not sure, however, how to explain Bob Dylan appearing in a Victoria Secret's

ad...

Jim Gordon's column runs Wednesdays; his e-mail address is gjames43@msn.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                              913 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                          April 20, 1996, CITY EDITION

The Unredeemed Captive: A Family Story From Early America, by John Demos
(Papermac, Pounds 10 in UK)

BYLINE: By BRIAN FALLON

SECTION: WEEKEND; PAPERBACK CHOICE; Pg. Supplement Page 9

LENGTH: 900 words


This is a strange, arresting real life narrative and I for one shall be
surprised if it is not made eventually into a film, or even - grim fate - a TV
serial. In 1704 a young Puritan girl, Eunice Williams, was taken prisoner along
with her clergyman father and family from a village, in, Massachusetts, by a
raiding party of Frenchmen and Red Indians. Other members of the family either
died or were freed from captivity; she alone was not, and stayed with the
Indians for the rest of her long life, marrying a Mohawk brave and becoming a
Catholic convert. This last act, in the eyes of the New England settlers, was
perhaps the mob unforgivable thing she could have done.

The man with the wide-open eye

Allan Pinkerton The Eye Who Never Slept by James Mackay Mainstream 256pp, Pounds
20 in UK

By PATRICK SKENE CATLING

ALLAN PINKERTON (1819-1884) was the original private eye. When he founded the
North West Detective Agency in Chicago in 1850 his trademark was a picture of a
wide open eye with the slogan "We Never Sleep". In the local. underworld, he was
soon nicknamed "The Eye".

James Mackay, a Scottish historian best known for his biography of Robert Burns,
has spent ten years investigating the pioneer detectives legendary career, and
has written an interesting, admirably thorough account of it.

Dr Mackay tells the whole extraordinary story of Pinkerton's rise from
apprenticeship as a cooper in the Gorbals, Glasgow's mediaeval leper colony and
notorious 19th century slum, and of his chance discovery as a young immigrant in
Illinois that he was one of nature's born policemen, and his subsequent
development of the techniques of surveillance, infiltration, detection,
espionage and international law enforcement.

It was while cutting saplings on a wooded island near Chicago, for his small,
independent barrel making business, that his curiosity was aroused by "a
blackened patch indicating that someone had been camping there". Further
surreptitious visits revealed that a gang of counterfeiters were using the
hiding place to manufacture bogus dimes.

Pinkerton led the local sheriff and a posse to the island by moonlight. The gang
were arrested, tried and convicted. "To this day," Mackay relates, "the islet is
known locally as Bogus Island." Shortly afterwards, the Sheriff of Cook County
invited. Pinkerton to move to Chicago as Deputy. He immediately sold his
cooperage and took his Scottish wife and their baby son to the big city.
Pinkerton served as Chicago's sole police detective only briefly before setting
up shop as The Eye.

In the 1850s, "the corrupt practices of the official police had given detectives
an unenviable reputation for venality," Mackay, writes. Pinkerton was
exceptional. "The agency was extremely strict about the business it would take
on, and all prospective clients were thoroughly vetted before a case was
accepted."

Pinkerton's code of ethics and his successes in the field won him a national
reputation, and lucrative contracts to provide security services for railroads,
banks and industrial and commercial institutions from coast to coast.

Pinkerton men bore arms against outlaws such as the Reno gang and the James
Brothers. The agency was efficiently methodical, filing photographs and detailed
descriptions of known criminals in its archives and systematically distributing
posters and circulars in every state.

Mackay reproduces a circular broadcasting the likenesses, descriptions and case
histories of fugitives from justice by the names of George Parker and Harry
Longbaugh, celebrated in the mythology of the Old West as Butch Cassidy and the
Sundance Kid.  Portrayed in bowler hats and business suits, they look absurdly
unheroic, nothing like movie stars. The Sundance Kid's hair "may be dyed combs
it pomadour", and his posture is described unromantically as "bow legged and his
feet far apart". While glorifying Pinkerton, Mackay effectively debunks western
folklore.

Pinkerton's achievements included insinuating an agent into the Molly Maguires,
an illegal Irish American organisation that terrorised Pennsylvanian coal miners
of other ethnic groups. He also succeeded in infiltrating Confederate forces
during the Civil War and countering their espionage activities in Washington.
Once he saved President Lincoln from assassination, but, unfortunately was not
present to protect him that fatal evening in, Ford's Theatre.

By the end of his life, Pinkerton had established branches in foreign countries,
anticipating the international intelligence gathering of Interpol. By then, he
was a. rich man. He designed a mansion like a fortress in the country south of
Chicago. He called his, estate "The Larches", and imported 85,000 larches from
Scotland to justify the name. When they were disembarked in New York and allowed
to perish in freezing weather, he sent a telegram "Fire the agent. Send to
Scotland for another boatload of trees."

President Grant was one of, Pinkerton's many important guests.  Since then, the
agency, now known simply as Pinkertons, has continued to grow and flourish. With
its world headquarters in Encino, California, it has 250 offices in twenty
countries. There is now a veritable army of Pinkerton men, 50,000 of them, and
none of them in the least way resembles Raymond Chandler's seedy, bourbon
swilling Sam Spade or any other private eyes of fiction.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 The Irish Times


                              914 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Gov. Christie's Shadow Over Bridgegate

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 640 words


It has been a riveting few days in the tragicomic opera known as Bridgegate, now
playing at the federal courthouse in Newark. Bridget Anne Kelly, whom we last
saw disappearing under the wheels of a bus, shoved there by Gov. Chris Christie,
re-emerged on the witness stand, testifying in her own defense. In an emotional
climax to the six-week trial, she pointed the finger at her former boss as a
bully and a liar.

If you haven't followed Bridgegate, it's one tortured libretto. Ms. Kelly was
Mr. Christie's deputy chief of staff, until he fired her after the scandal
broke. She and a co-defendant, Bill Baroni, a top Christie appointee at the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey, are accused of scheming, then covering up,
the closing of lanes at the George Washington Bridge, causing an epic four-day
traffic jam. Their alleged motive was to punish the mayor of Fort Lee for not
endorsing Mr. Christie's re-election. Mr. Christie, who is not on trial, says he
didn't know about the lane closings, though three people have contradicted him
under oath -- Ms. Kelly, Mr. Baroni and David Wildstein, a former Christie ally
who pleaded guilty to orchestrating the plot and was a chief prosecution
witness.

The defense rested its case on Wednesday. Summations were scheduled for
Thursday, and jury deliberations for Monday.

The testimony and evidence are a pileup of contradictions and self-serving
exculpation. Emails in evidence suggested that Ms. Kelly, Mr. Baroni and others
on the Christie team took cruel pleasure in the traffic disaster and in the vain
pleadings by the mayor for help. But Ms. Kelly's defense skillfully wove a tale
of the scorned aide as a terrified victim, someone who had honestly believed the
lanes had been closed for a ''traffic study.'' In this account, a seemingly
damning email (''Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee'') was sent
matter-of-factly; she wasn't cackling. In the poignant phase of her testimony,
Ms. Kelly told of her efforts to belong to the Christie club and the abuse she
took from the boss, who, she said, once threw a water bottle at her.

Mr. Christie remained the offstage villain, the Mephistopheles of Trenton, but
it was impossible for even casual trial observers not to discern, from witness
after witness, the evident viciousness and grubbiness of the governor and his
administration. He does exert a strange gravity, like some lonely planet,
pulling lesser moons into orbit while greedily circling other bodies of greater
mass and density: first the White House, and then the decaying gas giant Donald
Trump. Mr. Christie, who with the former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani remains
one of Mr. Trump's dead-end defenders, is apparently still leading Mr. Trump's
presidential transition team.

Whatever verdict is delivered in the Bridgegate trial, the picture of Mr.
Christie and his administration that has been exposed is devastating. One can
search the news accounts in vain for honorable motives, for openness and
integrity, for a sense of ''public service'' as that overworked term is
understood.

A supreme example of Mr. Christie's venality was, oddly enough, not discussed at
trial -- the taxpayer dollars that Mr. Christie wasted to commission a friendly
Bridgegate investigation by Randy Mastro, a former aide to Mr. Giuliani. The
report, to nobody's surprise, found Mr. Christie blameless:

''Governor Christie's account of these events rings true. It is corroborated by
many witnesses, and he has conducted himself at every turn as someone who has
nothing to hide.''

Right. That sounded like a ridiculous whitewash then, but even more so now.
Truthfulness will be for the jury to decide, but it's clear somebody's lying, or
everybody is.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/27/opinion/gov-christies-shadow-over-bridgegate.h
tml

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              915 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Gov. Christie's Shadow Over Bridgegate

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 640 words


It has been a riveting few days in the tragicomic opera known as Bridgegate, now
playing at the federal courthouse in Newark. Bridget Anne Kelly, whom we last
saw disappearing under the wheels of a bus, shoved there by Gov. Chris Christie,
re-emerged on the witness stand, testifying in her own defense. In an emotional
climax to the six-week trial, she pointed the finger at her former boss as a
bully and a liar.

If you haven't followed Bridgegate, it's one tortured libretto. Ms. Kelly was
Mr. Christie's deputy chief of staff, until he fired her after the scandal
broke. She and a co-defendant, Bill Baroni, a top Christie appointee at the Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey, are accused of scheming, then covering up,
the closing of lanes at the George Washington Bridge, causing an epic four-day
traffic jam. Their alleged motive was to punish the mayor of Fort Lee for not
endorsing Mr. Christie's re-election. Mr. Christie, who is not on trial, says he
didn't know about the lane closings, though three people have contradicted him
under oath -- Ms. Kelly, Mr. Baroni and David Wildstein, a former Christie ally
who pleaded guilty to orchestrating the plot and was a chief prosecution
witness.

The defense rested its case on Wednesday. Summations were scheduled for
Thursday, and jury deliberations for Monday.

The testimony and evidence are a pileup of contradictions and self-serving
exculpation. Emails in evidence suggested that Ms. Kelly, Mr. Baroni and others
on the Christie team took cruel pleasure in the traffic disaster and in the vain
pleadings by the mayor for help. But Ms. Kelly's defense skillfully wove a tale
of the scorned aide as a terrified victim, someone who had honestly believed the
lanes had been closed for a ''traffic study.'' In this account, a seemingly
damning email (''Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee'') was sent
matter-of-factly; she wasn't cackling. In the poignant phase of her testimony,
Ms. Kelly told of her efforts to belong to the Christie club and the abuse she
took from the boss, who, she said, once threw a water bottle at her.

Mr. Christie remained the offstage villain, the Mephistopheles of Trenton, but
it was impossible for even casual trial observers not to discern, from witness
after witness, the evident viciousness and grubbiness of the governor and his
administration. He does exert a strange gravity, like some lonely planet,
pulling lesser moons into orbit while greedily circling other bodies of greater
mass and density: first the White House, and then the decaying gas giant Donald
Trump. Mr. Christie, who with the former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani remains
one of Mr. Trump's dead-end defenders, is apparently still leading Mr. Trump's
presidential transition team.

Whatever verdict is delivered in the Bridgegate trial, the picture of Mr.
Christie and his administration that has been exposed is devastating. One can
search the news accounts in vain for honorable motives, for openness and
integrity, for a sense of ''public service'' as that overworked term is
understood.

A supreme example of Mr. Christie's venality was, oddly enough, not discussed at
trial -- the taxpayer dollars that Mr. Christie wasted to commission a friendly
Bridgegate investigation by Randy Mastro, a former aide to Mr. Giuliani. The
report, to nobody's surprise, found Mr. Christie blameless:

''Governor Christie's account of these events rings true. It is corroborated by
many witnesses, and he has conducted himself at every turn as someone who has
nothing to hide.''

Right. That sounded like a ridiculous whitewash then, but even more so now.
Truthfulness will be for the jury to decide, but it's clear somebody's lying, or
everybody is.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/27/opinion/gov-christies-shadow-over-bridgegate.h
tml

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              916 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Arts & Book Review

                                 April 4, 2015
                                 First Edition

AN ELECTION FOUGHT IN THE COURTROOM;
PLEASANTVILLE BY ATTICA LOCKE (Serpent's Tail, 14.99) » Order at £11.99 inc. p&p
from the Independent Bookshop

BYLINE: BARRY FORSHAW

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 518 words


A WARNING: you should never ask crime fiction reviewers what you should be
reading. They will freeze like rabbits in a car headlight and suffer instant
brain freeze. I have one name that is my default response whenever I'm pinned
down in this fashion: Attica Locke.

To say that her debut, Black Water Rising - ambitious, socially committed and
beautifully written - created a stir is almost to understate the case, and one
wonders if it weighed heavily on her shoulders that she would be obliged to
deliver something equally impressive as a follow-up. She did just that with The
Cutting Season and now we have Pleasantville.

The new novel is set in 1996. In Houston, a mayoral election is in the offing,
and a key swing area is the African-American neighbourhood Pleasantville. The
district has swung every race since it was created in 1949 to house a burgeoning
black middle class. The nomination of Houston's mayor seems to be assured: Axel
Hathorne has the perfect pedigree. He is an ex-chief of police, and the son of
the district's founding father, Sam Hathorne, so he is an obvious winner. But
Axel learns that one should not count one's chickens. A late entrant in the
mayoral competition is defence attorney Sandy Wolcott, who has achieved fame
after a much-publicised murder trial. And then things begin to get considerably
worse for Axel: with the competition at white heat, a girl canvassing for Axel
disappears, and when her body is discovered, Axel's nephew is charged with the
murder. The older Hathorne, Sam, is keen for Jay Porter (who we first
encountered in Black Water Rising) to defend his grandson, even though Jay is
reluctant to do it. He has grown disenchanted with his job, despite the great
financial success he has enjoyed. But his attempts to stay out of the courtroom
are doomed to failure; a truly seismic court case is about to change the lives
of everyone involved and expose the venality of some powerful people.

Those holding their breath to see if Locke could match the achievement of her
earlier books can exhale; Pleasantville is every inch as impressive as its
predecessors, with a new nuance and complexity burnishing the narrative. As in
her earlier work, awkward political issues bristle at the edges, such as the
black families who have achieved some success finding themselves at odds with
the resentful Latino families undertaking a vain search for the same advantages
- and Jay, increasingly out of his depth in a powder keg situation, remains a
satisfyingly conflicted character.

The sultry, edgy atmosphere of the town is reminiscent of one of the American
masters of crime fiction, James Lee Burke, and this appears to be no accident;
Locke names the family of the murdered girl "Robicheaux" (the surname of Burke's
durable sleuth). But Locke is moving in different territory, notably that of the
riveting courtroom drama - and at that particular discipline, she is already the
equal of such writers as John Grisham.

So the next time you find yourself in the company of a crime reviewer, don't
bother asking who you should be reading. You know the answer: Attica Locke.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TR


                    Copyright 2015 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                             July 6, 2000, Thursday

ScreenWatch - Lesson in malice

BYLINE: SHANE DANIELSEN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. M22

LENGTH: 701 words


Survivor

7.30pm, Nine

WHILE I was speaking the other day with an American friend living in Maryland,
the subject of television came up. Had Survivor reached Australia yet, he
wondered. I said no, but almost, and he laughed. "I think that it's really the
basest, most unvarnished example of American corporate culture ever put on TV,"
he said.

What fascinated him most was the level of duplicity and dishonesty it revealed:
"In public, they're always saying, 'oh, we have to work as a team, we have to
share our resources', but in fact they're frantically making deals behind each
other's backs. Cutting each other's throats, schmoozing the people they believe
they need to cultivate to survive. It's revolting -- but at the same time,
absolutely compelling. Like driving by a car-wreck at 10 miles an hour; you
can't look away."

He's right, of course. A daring cross between reality TV and Lord of the Flies,
Survivor (as you may be aware by now) contrives to strand 16 Americans -- eight
men and eight women of differing ages and backgrounds, selected in a nationwide
search -- on the normally uninhabited island of Pulau Tiga, off the coast of
Borneo in the South China Sea. Once there, they have to survive unaided for 12
long weeks, foraging for food and building shelters (though, apparently, medical
help is available in case of a real emergency).

As if this were not enough, at the end of each week/episode the participants
must cast secret ballots to expel the "losers" from the island; the last man (or
woman) standing wins $US1 million.

The others get, presumably, a lifetime of jeers and abuse from anyone who can be
bothered.

For what it's worth, it's probably the first mainstream US TV show to inflict
upon its contestants the kind of humiliation previously enjoyed solely by the
Japanese. According to CBS's publicity, the aim is to create "a rigorous contest
of physical and mental endurance"; in fact, it's simply an extended peepshow
into human venality -- and to pretend to any more noble or complex motive is a
smokescreen. If we're going to consume pornography, let's at least not deceive
ourselves.

Weakness, selfishness, stupidity and cruelty: these are our constant companions
here. Little wonder that the resulting show has galvanised the American press
(and, as of last week, became the most watched program on US television). "Is it
simply a 13-week TV series," wondered a writer on Salon.com, "or a conceptual
island of shame where the moral disgrace lasts forever?" I suspect the latter --
though having said that, I'm not sure whose is the greater shame: theirs (for
participating) or ours, for watching.

Our own choices are at least simplified: given that virtually every one of these
contestants is a thoroughly detestable human being, the viewers' sympathies are
never remotely engaged. What remains, therefore, is merely a steadily mounting
sense of Schadenfreude that, as the weeks go by and the numbers are whittled
down, will doubtless achieve a state of full-blown mania. We want to see these
wretched beings fail. We want to see them reduced to whimpering, pleading
wrecks, starving, shivering, filthy. Gabbling insensibly for their PalmPilots,
their Blockbuster membership cards. Salivating for the froth from a decaf latte
at Starbucks.

And so, of course, does the network, since nothing would be so dull (and so
unrewarding, ratings-wise) as 13 weeks of uninterrupted harmony and mutual
affection under the sun. Discord is to be encouraged and, thankfully, some
favourite targets have been quick to emerge -- notably Richard, a fat, pompous
"corporate trainer", and one of those creatures with an aura of unpleasantness:
the kind of guy people loathe almost reflexively. But it's a close call.

"Darwin is, of course, the 17th castaway," one American critic observed
perceptively -- citing by way of example the group's terrifying eagerness to
dispense with older members, such as 62-year-old cancer survivor Sonja, the
show's first casualty. "The old and the sick will go first," the same critic
concluded. "And then, no doubt, the fat and the dumb." That leaves only the
insufferable, and god knows, there's no shortage of those.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              918 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                             July 6, 2000, Thursday

ScreenWatch - Lesson in malice

BYLINE: SHANE DANIELSEN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. M22

LENGTH: 701 words


Survivor

7.30pm, Nine

WHILE I was speaking the other day with an American friend living in Maryland,
the subject of television came up. Had Survivor reached Australia yet, he
wondered. I said no, but almost, and he laughed. "I think that it's really the
basest, most unvarnished example of American corporate culture ever put on TV,"
he said.

What fascinated him most was the level of duplicity and dishonesty it revealed:
"In public, they're always saying, 'oh, we have to work as a team, we have to
share our resources', but in fact they're frantically making deals behind each
other's backs. Cutting each other's throats, schmoozing the people they believe
they need to cultivate to survive. It's revolting -- but at the same time,
absolutely compelling. Like driving by a car-wreck at 10 miles an hour; you
can't look away."

He's right, of course. A daring cross between reality TV and Lord of the Flies,
Survivor (as you may be aware by now) contrives to strand 16 Americans -- eight
men and eight women of differing ages and backgrounds, selected in a nationwide
search -- on the normally uninhabited island of Pulau Tiga, off the coast of
Borneo in the South China Sea. Once there, they have to survive unaided for 12
long weeks, foraging for food and building shelters (though, apparently, medical
help is available in case of a real emergency).

As if this were not enough, at the end of each week/episode the participants
must cast secret ballots to expel the "losers" from the island; the last man (or
woman) standing wins $US1 million.

The others get, presumably, a lifetime of jeers and abuse from anyone who can be
bothered.

For what it's worth, it's probably the first mainstream US TV show to inflict
upon its contestants the kind of humiliation previously enjoyed solely by the
Japanese. According to CBS's publicity, the aim is to create "a rigorous contest
of physical and mental endurance"; in fact, it's simply an extended peepshow
into human venality -- and to pretend to any more noble or complex motive is a
smokescreen. If we're going to consume pornography, let's at least not deceive
ourselves.

Weakness, selfishness, stupidity and cruelty: these are our constant companions
here. Little wonder that the resulting show has galvanised the American press
(and, as of last week, became the most watched program on US television). "Is it
simply a 13-week TV series," wondered a writer on Salon.com, "or a conceptual
island of shame where the moral disgrace lasts forever?" I suspect the latter --
though having said that, I'm not sure whose is the greater shame: theirs (for
participating) or ours, for watching.

Our own choices are at least simplified: given that virtually every one of these
contestants is a thoroughly detestable human being, the viewers' sympathies are
never remotely engaged. What remains, therefore, is merely a steadily mounting
sense of Schadenfreude that, as the weeks go by and the numbers are whittled
down, will doubtless achieve a state of full-blown mania. We want to see these
wretched beings fail. We want to see them reduced to whimpering, pleading
wrecks, starving, shivering, filthy. Gabbling insensibly for their PalmPilots,
their Blockbuster membership cards. Salivating for the froth from a decaf latte
at Starbucks.

And so, of course, does the network, since nothing would be so dull (and so
unrewarding, ratings-wise) as 13 weeks of uninterrupted harmony and mutual
affection under the sun. Discord is to be encouraged and, thankfully, some
favourite targets have been quick to emerge -- notably Richard, a fat, pompous
"corporate trainer", and one of those creatures with an aura of unpleasantness:
the kind of guy people loathe almost reflexively. But it's a close call.

"Darwin is, of course, the 17th castaway," one American critic observed
perceptively -- citing by way of example the group's terrifying eagerness to
dispense with older members, such as 62-year-old cancer survivor Sonja, the
show's first casualty. "The old and the sick will go first," the same critic
concluded. "And then, no doubt, the fat and the dumb." That leaves only the
insufferable, and god knows, there's no shortage of those.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              919 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            February 7, 1986 Friday

WHAT HAPPENS AFTER THE BALL?

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: STONE J

LENGTH: 842 words


What happens after the ball? MANY years ago when, as a small boy, I attended
country dances with my parents, there was a popular song which began: After the
ball is over, after the break of day . . . Recently I have felt that, after
elections in West Australia and Tasmania are behind us, Australia's almost
three-year-long political ball will be over. Then, but not before, we shall see
""the break of day" for 1986 and beyond. Just what sort of day will it be? For
our farmers, and small businessmen and women more generally, it looks like being
heavily overcast. Arising from one of those impending elections, we have seen
the Prime Minister agree, without any meaningful consultation with his two
ministers chiefly concerned, to bribe only West Australian farmers because of an
anti-dumping tax on certain fertilisers imposed by one of those ministers. No
subsequent verbal evasions can disguise the political venality of this decision
as originally taken, whatever the patching up since. West Australian farmers _
or any farmers _ should not have been saddled with the tax at all. What was
really breathtaking, however, was Mr Hawke's assumption that West Australian
farmers would be electorally grateful for the insult involved in regarding them
as being open to bribes. Perhaps things have now reached such a state in West
Australia that even bribes so flagrantly proferred will be seen as a mark of
statesmanship. That certainly seems to be the view of not only the Prime
Minister, but also of the Premier of West Australia, Mr Burke. As one who still
thinks of himself as a West Australian, I can only hope not. Both Mr Hawke and
his Minister for Primary Industries have recently been working hard to persuade
our farmers that their real problem is the ""corruption" of world markets by the
European Economic Community and the USA. The Minister for Trade, Mr Dawkins, has
therefore launched a violent attack on the EEC. It is a welcome change to see Mr
Dawkins violently attacking someone other than his fellow Australians. Those
latter attacks generally aim to draw attention away from the policies of his
Government. Similarly, all this highly publicised fury against foreigners is
also designed to draw our farmers' attention away from those policies. Our
farmers certainly do face enormous problems from EEC policies, which are not
merely internationally destructive, but also damage the wider interests of the
people of Europe. But none of that alters the fact that our farmers also suffer
from many home-grown burdens. The real question then is, what is our Government
doing about these? Our dollar fell by around 25 percent in 1985. It thereby
provided a sharp increase in effective protection against imports for all our
industries _ such as the motor vehicle industry _ previously operating under
certain levels of protection specified by Government. Yet Senator Button has not
lowered those previously specified levels of protection even though, clearly, if
they were right before when our dollar was much higher, they must be too high
now. The cost of protection is one of the heaviest burdens our farmers have to
bear. With a golden opportunity to do something, the Government has in fact done
nothing. Oil prices are now falling sharply overseas. Will ministers allow that
very welcome cost reduction to flow through to Australia's farmers, other small
businesses and consumers generally? They are still refusing to say. The
Government says in this case that it has promised tax cuts to the ACTU (and the
rest of us by way of afterthought). And since it cannot risk offending its trade
union bosses, we are all now to be taxed more on petrol in order to appear to be
taxed less on income. With farming now so capital intensive, interest rates are
vital to farmers. Because our Government has failed to address effectively
either its budget deficit problem or its wages policy problem, it has now had to
drive up interest rates to their highest real level for over half a century. Is
that also the fault of the Europeans? There are innumerable cost excesses
imposed on our farmers, and small business community in general, by the
Government's trade union allies. Recent events have shown up the destructive
output restrictions imposed by the Australian Meat Industry Employees' Union.
Railways in every State are recording ever-rising costs and ever-mounting losses
(to be met from taxes), because of over-manning and utterly outdated work
practices generally. The list goes on. Capital gains tax; denying farmers the
right to earn more than a certain amount of income off-farm; imposing on them
shortly a 2.2 percent wage indexation increase they have no capacity to pay;
imposing on them after a further three percent wage equivalent in superannuation
payments from the Government's notorious deal with the ACTU last September, and
so on. These are the true ""corruptions" our farmers are facing. They are also
the only ones Australian Governments can do anything about. So far, there is no
evidence of them doing so.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1986 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              920 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday
                                  Mich Edition

Academic freedom

BYLINE: DAVID HOFFMAN

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 624 words


Officials from the University of Colorado, several Colorado judges and the
so-called "justices" on the United States Supreme Court recently joined in
murdering one of the most precious commodities America once had to offer -
academic freedom.

In 2001, Ward Churchill, a tenured professor of ethnic studies at UC, wrote a
controversial essay that essentially blamed America's foreign policy and the
exploitative nature of global capitalism for provoking the Sept. 11 attacks. In
doing so, he referred to some of the 9/11 victims as "little Eichmanns," a
reference to the infamous Nazi leader.

This essay remained largely unnoticed until 2005 when Churchill was scheduled to
speak at a college in upstate New York. Although UC initially responded by
asserting that Churchill was protected by his First Amendment right to "freedom
of speech," as pressure mounted an "investigation" was conducted to explore
allegations that Churchill had engaged in plagiarism and other forms of academic
misconduct.

After this "investigation" concluded, UC officials fired Churchill, and he
subsequently filed a lawsuit against them in response. A jury trial resulted in
a verdict in favor of Churchill.

But when Churchill returned to court to obtain reinstatement and/or damages for
an unjust firing, the presiding judge, himself a graduate of UC Law School,
overturned the verdict and ruled that the officials who fired Churchill enjoyed
"immunity" against his lawsuit. This same judge, a few years later, was given UC
Law School's Distinguished Achievement Award.

Churchill recently lost his final appeal when the United States Supreme Court
declined to hear his case.

Even though America's legal system presents a convincing facade to those who do
not labor in it, beneath this facade is a fetid cesspool of duplicity, bias and
hypocrisy that, on an almost daily basis, makes a mockery out of the very
principles the system is supposed to protect. Truth, justice, human rights and
even the most rudimentary concepts of "right and wrong" have succumbed to a
system that does nothing more than decimate the Bill of Rights and oppress the
poor and working classes (and those who speak on their behalf), while giving
"legal" blessings to almost every venality, every corruption, every crime and
every abuse committed by America's government and the wealthiest of its citizens
and institutions.

Those who doubt this should remember that, just a few months ago, United States
Attorney General Eric Holder told the Senate Judiciary Committee that some
institutions in America are "too big to prosecute," which, in essence, means
they are not only above the law, but also more powerful than the elected
government.

Many critics of Churchill share in the legal system's myopia and focus their ire
on what Churchill wrote. But those with vision realize that a dangerous
precedent has now been set.

Throughout its history, the United States has progressed and prospered thanks to
the Constitution's encouragement of a "marketplace of ideas."

More often than not, this marketplace has been replete with the studies,
hypotheses, theories, opinions and polemics of academics.

But today, thanks to UC's firing of Churchill, every professor in America,
tenured and untenured, will be hesitant to express anything that could remotely
be construed as controversial.

As the diversity of hypotheses, theories, opinions, and polemics that once
provoked intellectual thought and discussion vanish from America's marketplace
of ideas, all that will remain are the regurgitations of whatever propaganda
powerful corporations, university officials, and self-serving right-wing media
choose to feed the masses.

And America will be weaker because of it.

David Hoffman is a Mishawaka resident.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Russians Tied To Jail Death Are Barred From the U.S.

BYLINE: By ANDREW E. KRAMER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1005 words


MOSCOW -- The Obama administration has disclosed one of its sharpest policy
responses to Russian human rights abuses, telling American lawmakers that dozens
of Russian officials have been quietly barred from the United States over their
involvement in the detention and death two years ago of a Russian lawyer
fighting an enormous fraud and corruption case.

The restrictions, put in place without official notification to the Russians,
nevertheless represent a significant act of American pressure over the rights
abuses and the impunity in the judicial system in Russia. At the same time, the
disclosure appeared calibrated to protect hard-won improvements in the ''reset''
of relations between the two countries.

A State Department memo laid out the visa ban, which was first reported by The
Washington Post. The document was sent last week to senators who have been
pushing for far more stringent measures. Their provisions would not only deny
American entry to Russian officials linked to the case of the lawyer, Sergei L.
Magnitsky, but also freeze their American assets. At least 19 senators are
sponsoring the bill, including Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, and
John McCain, Republican of Arizona.

The measure would apply as well to officials implicated in the shooting deaths
of Natalia Estemirova, a human rights worker killed in the North Caucasus in
2009, and Anna Politkovskaya, a crusading journalist killed at the entry to her
Moscow apartment in 2006.

The State Department's memo argued against such sweeping measures, saying they
might undermine Mr. Obama's policy of reset with Moscow and that the Russians
had threatened retaliation that could harm American interests around the world.

The Senate measure would ''have foreign policy implications that could hurt our
international sanctions efforts on countries like Iran, North Korea and Libya,
and jeopardize other areas of cooperation including transit to Afghanistan,''
the memo said.

Russian official reaction was muted on Tuesday.

Mikhail Fedotov, the head of President Dmitri A. Medvedev's human rights
council, said the prosecution of Mr. Magnitsky's killers should be left to the
Russian government. ''We understand the noble goals,'' he said, according to
Interfax. ''But one also needs to see possible unpleasant consequences.''

While accounts of human rights abuses are rife in Russia, Mr. Magnitsky's case
stood out because of the brazenness of the abuse, the scale of the venality and
because this victim, unlike most, had powerful friends outside of Russia.
European countries have been considering visa bans to officials linked to the
case.

Mr. Magnitsky had testified in court that senior police officials had stolen
documents from the hedge fund he worked for, Hermitage Capital, and used them in
an elaborate fraud to take possession of $230 million in tax refunds. Later, the
same police officers he had accused arrested him and ordered him held in dank
cells, where for 11 months he was repeatedly denied medical care as his health
faltered.

He died in November 2009, at 37. Earlier this month, Russia's top investigative
commission said he died of heart disease and hepatitis, and that he would have
survived with medical care. However, a nearly simultaneous Russian presidential
advisory report said he may have died because of a beating.

Over time, some prison officials were dismissed and got jobs elsewhere. And
while the authorities have also occasionally raised the prospect of a more
thorough investigation, they have ignored extensive evidence linking senior
police officials to Mr. Magnitsky's death. Some of those involved even received
medals.

In its memo the State Department said the visa restrictions cover Russian
officials whose names were provided by Hermitage Capital, which has lobbied the
United States and European nations for sanctions.

An administration official said all the names were vetted, and that American
diplomats later added more, according to a senior American official.

William Browder, the chief executive of Hermitage Capital, said he welcomed the
news of the visa ban but said he would continue advocating for the Senate to
pass the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act.

''Are we really resetting relations with this country if they are threatening to
halt international cooperation in order to allow their torturers and murders to
travel to America?'' Mr. Browder said in a telephone interview from London.

A Senate staff member familiar with the draft legislation said discussions have
been under way in Congress about a deal at the nexus of trade, human rights and
diplomacy with the Russians.

Under this arrangement, Congress would agree to the administration's request to
abrogate the Jackson-Vanik admendment, an earlier human rights law intended to
address first the Soviet Union and then Russia, in exchange for Mr. Obama's
signature on the Magnitsky act.

The Jackson-Vanik amendment imposed trade sanctions on countries restricting
emigration, and was intended in part to ease the exit of Soviet Jews to Israel.
It remains on the books for Russia though the country abolished exit
restrictions two decades ago.

The law also violates World Trade Organization rules, and will need to be
repealed if Russia becomes a member, something the United States government has
advocated for years, to boost exports to Russia by companies like Procter &
Gamble and Caterpillar.

The Senate aide, who was not authorized to speak publicly, said the
administration's acknowledgment of the visa ban list might not be sufficient to
persuade the Senate to repeal Jackson-Vanik without passing the Magnitsky law.
The list, he said, failed to expressly prohibit entry into the United States of
suspected rights abusers in other Russian cases, he said, and fell short of the
more punishing measure of seizing assets.

''Will this be enough to get Jackson-Vanik?'' the aide said. ''I don't think so.
This is a welcome development. But what about Natalia Estemirova? What about
other gross human rights abuses in Russia?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              922 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 24, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Book World;
The Drying of the West;
Scarce Water Supplies and the Battles of the Future;
RIVERS OF EMPIRE;
Water, Aridity & the Growth of the American West.  By Donald Worster.  Pantheon.
402 pp.  $24.95.

BYLINE: By James Conaway

SECTION: Style; D3

LENGTH: 810 words


"Touch water, and you touch everything," John Gunther wrote of the western
United States almost half a century ago. Today there is more water to touch,
thanks to hydraulic politics that produce dams and canals, but the touchers have
firm grips on one another's throats as well.

Water has always meant the difference between life and death in the West; lately
it has taken on a marked regional belligerence, with cities like Tucson and
Phoenix fighting Los Angeles for a bigger piece of the Colorado River, and water
users in California's Imperial Valley saying unkind things about upstream users
as far away as Utah. Even that mythic waterway does not transport enough to
slake the great concrete sumps that western cities have become, fill the
concrete pools in retirement oases and irrigate the corporate megaflora.

Elsewhere in the arid West ranchers, farmers, industrialists and ordinary people
are dipping their hoses into the collective streams and aquifers, and coming up
dry. Many are at this moment in court, and some will undoubtedly end up in the
morgue with their boots on. There is simply not enough water at present to go
around, and prospects for increasing its availability are dismal. Real battles
will be fought in coming decades, not just for development and urban reservoirs,
but for subsistence -- that level of human endeavor where things get nasty.

We need a good book of reporting about water in the contemporary West, a
difficult, potentially disastrous subject, not another rehash of hydraulic
history. "Rivers of Empire" made me want to tell the writer to go talk to some
poor sucker hoeing tomato plants with an AR-15 strapped to his back. I am sick
of books about the ruination of the West and the unappeased appetites of
developers and the well-fed picking their teeth with bleached bones. It's true,
of course, but boredom has become as great an enemy as rapine. The authors, in
the process, are usually earning doctorates and working in their expertise on
most subjects since the invention of bronze.

"Rivers of Empire" is no exception. It's ostensibly about water in the West, but
do not think you're going to escape without an overview of feudal China and
India and a few other of what Worster calls "irrigation societies." Irrigation
is simply a focus for social analysis, being basic to most human existence. You
could almost as easily describe China as a bicycle society and the West as an
"all-terrain vehicle society," but no matter.

Irrigation societies in Worster's view tend to become irrigation states ruled by
a powerful elite without real roots in the land. Irrigation states are the
engines by which the few enslave the many by controlling the means of water
distribution, depriving them of enough for their sustenance.

That may remind you of another theory in which the workers are deprived of power
by being deprived of the means of production. Worster is fond of Karl Marx, that
noted authority on dryland irrigation, and quotes him often. There is nothing
wrong with a class interpretation of this gigantic subject, if that's the way
one sees it, but the author never comes out and says the workers -- the
waterers? -- should have seized the West's rivers. Instead we get a nagging tale
of oversight and venality, with references to "the power elite" and "the big
money boys" and other paragons of capitalist evil going back to the time of John
Wesley Powell, first runner of the Colorado.

Powell advocated a land distribution system in 1890 based upon available water.
That was probably the last reasonable water proposal taken seriously by the
Congress of the United States. Powell was a principled and tenacious idealist,
but less than the visionary Worster and other writers proclaim him. Even if
Powell's recommendations had become law, they would have been overridden in
subsequent years by demand from thirsty folks over the hill and, industrial
societies being what they are, the same hydraulic history would probably have
followed.

What Worster wants is an unpaved West where the little farmer waters his crops
directly from the silty Colorado, flooding every year in its untrammeled race
for the sea, and where indigenous people live in preindustrial simplicity. I
want the same thing -- an impossibility. What we are really deploring is the
presence of people, the sheer number of bodies that began accumulating with a
vengeance shortly after the Civil War and continues apace.

The only thing that could reverse it is that maxim of Worster's distasteful
capitalism, market value. Lack of water, pollution of what's left, salination of
once-productive range and truck garden, and the eventual death of the Lawn --
which has become the symbol of individual initiative in the West -- eat away at
human habitat. Paradoxically, the West might be saved by a pervasive real estate
crash.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              923 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Independent Extra

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                 First Edition

This smug-fest fails to win new friends;
Last Night's TV;
STUDIO 60 ON THE SUNSET STRIP MORE4;
ATOM BBC4

BYLINE: Robert Hanks

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 796 words


I don't know about you, but I'm a romantic at heart: when I settle down to a new
television programme, sure, I want to have a good time, but there's always a
little voice inside me that wonders: Is this it? Could this one be the Real
Thing? I don't just want a programme I can flip over to when there's nothing
good on the other channels; I want a programme that's going to be there for me
every week, a programme that won't let me down. I'm looking for love. So, in
case you feel the same way, let me point out before you start getting serious
about Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, that this one isn't going anywhere: back in
the USA, it got cancelled at the end if its first season. You go ahead and have
your fun, but don't get involved.

On paper, at least, the programme's short lifespan looks puzzling. Matthew
Perry, Chandler in Friends, and Bradley Whitford, Josh Lyman in The West Wing,
play the hottest writer-director team in TV comedy, brought in to rescue a
once-cuttingedge comedy show, not unlike Saturday Night Live, that is being
slowly killed by a corporate fear of scaring off advertisers. The Larry Sanders
Show demonstrated that the venality and egotism behind the scenes in television
can themselves make for great TV; and in this case, the writing is in the hands
of Aaron Sorkin, who created The West Wing. You'd think people would like that,
wouldn't you?

The reasons why it didn't last start to become clear not very far into the first
episode, though. The plot is kick-started by a scene in which the comedy show's
veteran director is humiliated by a young corporate type who insists on cutting
a sketch that might offend Christians. As the (live) show creaks into unfunny
life, the director walks on to the set, clears off the actors and addresses the
audience directly, telling them how television has had the soul sucked out of it
by the moneymen - "That remote in your hand is a crackpipe," - after which he is
fired, and the Perry and Whitford characters are brought in. Several things
niggled about this, of which the least was that the veteran director was played
by Judd Hirsch - did the makers assume we'd accept him as a symbol of
old-fashioned integrity because he used to be in Taxi? What niggled more was
that this scene was rather like the film Network; and what niggled most was the
way the programme then told us the scene was rather like the film Network. "Look
at us," it seemed to scream, "we're quoting!"

There was too much of this stuff. On his first appearance, the Perry character
was admitting to being off his head on Vicodin, a drug Perry has had trouble
with in real life: television eats itself again. At one point, the improbably
beautiful, high-minded and yet successful new TV network president (played by
Amanda Peet) asked another exec to leave a meeting and talk to her in her
office. Outside the conference room she hesitated: where was her office? This
turned out to be an excuse for the two execs to talk at high speed as they
walked through the corridors - a nudge to fans of The West Wing, that they
weren't going to be pushed too far outside their comfort zone.

And this is the real problem with the programme, that it's all too darn
comfortable. As with The West Wing, the premise is "Imagine how great things
would be if the good guys were in charge". In The West Wing, you got to imagine
how great politics would be if clever, principled liberals were running the
country; in Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip, you get to imagine how great
television would be if clever, principled liberals were running a comedy show.
It's a lovely idea, but essentially a vacuous one. Why can't Sorkin do a
programme that examines properly the question "Why aren't the good guys in
charge?", and offer a fuller answer than the one implicit in Studio 60, that
it's all the fault of the soulless corporate bastards with the money. The level
of self-indulgence on this now-cancelled show suggests that sometimes the
soulless corporate bastards have a point.

In Atom, Professor Jim al-Khalili is explaining how, over the last century and a
half or so, scientists confirmed the existence of the atom, then worked out its
internal structure, and from this reached some mind-boggling conclusions about
the nature of the universe. I can stand any amount of this kind of thing, in the
hope that at some point it will all make sense; what I find hard to take is
science programmes that are constantly trying to sex up the subject: every new
discovery is "shocking", every scientific dispute is a feud, every scientist has
to have some memorable personal quirk (Erwin Schrodinger - of cat fame - was "a
big hit with the ladies": cue shots of rumpled bedclothes). On the plus side, no
dramatised reconstructions so far. I should count my blessings.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IE


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                NOVEMBER 19, 1996 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SEX HARASSMENT SCANDAL COULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED BLAME THE ARMY'S NEGLECT

BYLINE: TERRY PLUMB

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 606 words


Former enlisted men and women don't wonder how female recruits could be coerced
into having sex with drill sergeants. Ex-GIs also understand how the Army brass
could have been so blissfully ignorant that women were routinely subjected to
the desires of men who outranked them.
The Army has gotten credit for moving swiftly to punish malefactors in a scandal
that came to light after non-commissioned officers and a captain at Aberdeen
Proving Ground, Md., were accused of sexual misconduct toward female recruits.

A national hotline was established to solicit complaints, and the Pentagon
announced it would seek evidence of gender-related offenses at every basic
training post.

In contrast to the Navy's handling of Tailhook, the Army has moved swiftly and
without a cover-up. The question that needs to be asked is how sexual
exploitation of recruits could occur on an extended basis?

Earlier this year, The State, a Columbia, S.C., newspaper, ran a series of
articles about female veterans who had been traumatized by sexual harassment,
including rape, while in uniform. Most had quit the service, even though they
once had seen the military as a career. Some were in therapy a decade or more
later, trying to come to grips with their betrayal.

In instance after instance, commanders had failed to take action, and, even
worse, the military offered no support to the exploited soldier or sailor. In
many cases, sexual abuse hurt the victims less than realizing they were alone in
their pain.

Think about it: the military accepts a young woman, cuts her hair, dresses her
like fellow recruits and tells her that for the next six months every decision
will be made for her, from reveille until taps.

In between, she is screamed at, forced to sit at attention in the mess hall,
marched in formation and methodically stripped of her individuality.

Of such regimen, soldiers are made. To mold civilians into a fighting unit,
drastic measures must be taken. Few of us would want to march into battle next
to a physically unfit soldier or one who may question orders when the shooting
starts.

The men and women who complete basic training generally are capable soldiers,
ready to fight - and die - for their country. The system works.

Authoritarianism has its dark side, however. At its worst, the military protects
venality and incompetence. Only the most flagrant abuses come to light - and
sometimes not even those - because the punishment for complainers is harsh.

Telling on your drill sergeant isn't done, in part because you have to go
through him to speak to his superior. A special hell awaits any recruit who
complains or whines. If a drill sergeant repeatedly calls a young woman into his
office after lights out, her fellow recruits mind their own business.

Knowing that the system is subject to abuse and - especially - that men in power
are tempted to take advantage of female subordinates, the Army was derelict in
not rooting out this problem years ago.

Commanders surely had tools at their disposal, from the psychological screening
of drill sergeants to exit interviews of recruits. The Army's recently
established hot line has produced thousands of reports of sexual harassment. Why
did it take a full-blown scandal for someone to think of that?

Gasoline is an explosive yet indispensable commodity used by military units
every day without calamity. Commanders ensure safety by stressing procedures and
warning soldiers not to smoke around gas pumps.

The sexual exploitation scandal that has blown up in the Army's face could have
been prevented through equally simple precautions.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Opinion
Terry Plumb is editor of The Herald in Rock Hill, S.C.

GRAPHIC: Drawing;
DRAWING: SCOTT WILLIS, MERCURY NEWS EDITORIAL CARTOONIST
[961119 ED 7B 1]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

5 of fall TV's most valuable actor sidekicks

BYLINE: Robert Bianco, @BiancoRobert, USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 857 words


No star can carry a show alone for long.

Thanks to some combination of better material, shorter episode orders and bigger
paychecks, big stars have been flocking to TV of late. This season brings us
Kiefer Sutherland, Billy Bob Thornton, Hugh Laurie, Kevin James, Matt LeBlanc,
Ted Danson, Minnie Driver, Donald Glover and Sarah Jessica Parker, to name a
few.

Some are shouldering the burden of keeping a show afloat more than others (and
some stars, like the ensemble of This is Us, are sharing the burden equally),
but none could do it without some help. Just as Lucy needed Ethel, these stars
need supporting players. And here are five of the best so far this season.

John Ross Bowie, Speechless (ABC)

Bowie plays Jimmy DiMeo, husband of Maya (Minnie Driver) and father of three --
including a special-needs child wonderfully played by Micah Fowler.

There's no doubt that Fowler, who has cerebral palsy, is a breakout star in his
own right: His playful sense of humor stops the show from feeling maudlin and
his acting talent -- he can do more with silence than many actors do with words
-- stops his casting from feeling like a stunt.

Still, there's just something remarkably, pleasingly eccentric about Bowie's
performance in a role that could have been your stock sitcom pushover dad.
Softly and slyly, Bowie makes Jimmy a force in his own way: A man who supports
his bulldozer of a wife but resists being run over by her, and a father who
believes having a special-needs child has made him "bulletproof" when it comes
to other people's opinions. The performance is light years away from the funny
but limited turn he's best known for -- playing Kripke on The Big Bang Theory --
once again proving that good actors can surprise us if given the chance.

Lakeith Stanfield, Atlanta (FX)

Stanfield plays Darius, sidekick to aspiring rapper "Paper Boi" Miles (Brian
Tyree Henry) and occasional thorn in the side of Paper Boi's cousin and would-be
manager, Earn (creator and star Donald Glover).

When it comes to praising valuable supporting players, we could just as easily
be talking here about Henry. His on-point portrayal of a smarter-than-he-seems
rapper who is constantly annoyed by the stupidity and venality around him is
both a highlight and one of the show's main story drivers.

So why go with Stanfield? In part because the character he's playing is one of
the show's most original and unexpected. When we first meet Darius, he seems
easy to dismiss: The kind of character who exists to spout silly conspiracy
theories, idiotic philosophies and puzzling non sequiturs. But as Earn has
learned, there's more to Darius than meets the eye, and Stanfield has done an
excellent job of slowly revealing Darius' essential sweetness while making us
wonder what more he's hiding.

Nina Arianda, Goliath (Amazon)

Arianda plays Patty Solis-Papagian, part-time lawyer, part-time real-estate
agent, who turns to Billy McBride (Billy Bob Thornton) for help with a case and
gets in way over her head.

This Tony-winning actress represents the joy a good performance can bring to a
subpar project. Everything about this David E. Kelley legal drama is outsized
and ridiculous -- Arianda's character included. But she brings such energy and
conviction to the role, along with some welcome moments of comic relief, that
you may find yourself eagerly anticipating her next appearance. All by himself
Thornton (who is as reliably excellent as always) is enough to make Goliath
watchable -- but when he's on screen with Arianda, the show momentarily
crackles.

Yvonne Orji, Insecure (HBO)

Orji plays Molly, best friend to Issa (star Issa Rae).

Like Donald Glover's Atlanta, Insecure represents the vision of a singular
artist, in this case Issa Rae. And like Glover, Rae was smart enough to realize
that a 30-minute monologue from the star, as gifted as she is, might not be
enough.

So we get Orji's Molly, a beautiful woman who has some shallow desires but is
not, herself, shallow. Orji walks that line masterfully, mining all the humor
out of Molly's desire to find a rich husband while also letting us see the pain
and doubt that lies underneath. It's a well-written, complicated role: Molly
bristles at a young, black female attorney who doesn't try to fit in at their
mostly white law firm, but she objects to being told to help her fit in, and she
doesn't like seeing her told she doesn't fit in. Like all of us, Molly's made up
of many parts, and Orji brings all of them to vibrant life.

Malcolm Barrett, Timeless (NBC)

Barrett plays Rufus, a scientist of ambiguous motives who pilots the
three-person time machine.

Sometimes actors are valuable not just for how well they play a role, but for
what their roles and  performances allow the writers to do. This time-travel
adventure is still finding its footing, but in Rufus, the show had a winner from
the start. Humorously in the first outing, more seriously in the second, Rufus
has served as a reminder that many African-Americans would not find zooming
around American history a particularly rewarding adventure. He provides a depth
and context the show would otherwise lack -- and that's an invaluable addition.


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Nicole Wilder, ABC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 9, 2002

Day that saw the death of utopianism

BYLINE: By JOHN WATERS

SECTION: CITY EDITION; OPINION AND ANALYSIS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 878 words


I doubt if there will come a time when we will need to reinstate the year, for
only a greater hurt could dilute the power of that date, and such a thing is
unimaginable. I almost wrote "almost unimaginable" but shy away from tempting
evil.

These autumn days used to be associated with the return to school, a sufficiency
of horror in itself for those who had not yet lost their innocence.

But no more. These days of low clouds, stolen sunshine and blackberry jam will,
for those whose lives were transfixed by the unspeakable calamity of a year ago,
forever carry this new moroseness as its dominant shade. And in that number is
included, surely, anyone with a human heart.

The moment has not yet passed. Maybe on Thursday morning it can begin to.

Today it remains, a dull ache in the gut, even for those who watched from afar
and, having watched, could still hold their loved ones to them. It was the day
the music died. Such days had been identified, promised, dreaded in the past,
but this was surely one we feared beyond imagining.

The era since the 1960s could be characterised as the age of peace, love and
understanding. For all the conflict and bloodshed of those years, there had
been, underlying it all, an undercurrent of hope, a belief that reason and
positivity might help to usher in a new dispensation. This optimism emerged from
the pop revolution of the 1960s, the All-You-Need-Is-Love revolution, which at
the time seemed like an irrefutable and rather nice idea. This youth-driven
utopianism grew and was nurtured and grew still more in the art schools and
campuses of London, Paris and New York, and was carried on the airwaves to the
furthermost recesses of the Western world.

It was also, strangely and paradoxically, a rather aggressive idea, a
renunciation, a repudiation, a refusal. It rejected the authority of the past,
of the Father, of the Leader, of the imperfectly human, and suggested in its
place the authority of fellow feeling, of belief in the essential goodness of
all humanity.

The problem was that it rarely engaged with its quarry other than in an abstract
way. It was detached, luxuriously so. It rested blithely on the soft upholstery
of Western civilisation, the entity it attacked with such scorn and sanctity,
assuming peace and safety to be natural states of affairs.

And strangely, too, it took on almost the precise colours and contours of the
paternalism exhibited by the discredited and fallen elders it condemned. Thus,
the moral dilemmas of the world, not to mention their consequences, were all
happening somewhere else, in places where the flow of peace, love and
understanding had been curtailed by the venality and vested interests of the
failed elders. The passion of this new politics was born of, above all, distance
from the war zone.

In this new politics, too, there was a redefinition of heroism, in the
valorisation of draft-dodging and the sexualisation of refusal, the girls who
said Yes to the guys who said No.

Almost all our present-day Western political cultures are products of the fusion
of this 1960s utopianism with the hard-headedness of established power. In
recent times, every Western country has aspired to being run by a coalition
between student politics and the permanent government.

These arrangements are propelled by a woolly positivism based on the belief that
human beings really are basically good if unprovoked, a fallacy sustained by the
absence of real danger. And although representing an undoubtedly sincere pursuit
of idealism, the nature of the coalitions enables reactionism to be held in
reserve.

It has been startling and strangely reassuring to observe the recent subsuming
of popular utopianism by the natural bellicosity of power, but also intriguing
to observe that this has met with almost total public approval. It was
noticeable how, in the immediate wake of September 11th, the initial sense of
absolute horror seemed to buckle slightly in the public arena, mainly as a
result of the what-aboutery of America's enemies. But, other than in the hearts
of the professional oppositionists, this attempt to accommodate the new frontier
of outrage failed to gain a foothold in the hearts of real people.

Among the many deaths of September 11th then, was the death of 1960s utopianism.
Even casual encounters now between the erstwhile adherents of this
pseudo-radicalism are visited by an uncertainty that rarely troubled them in the
past. There is such a significant possibility that one or other party will have
been transformed by the events of a year ago that it is unsafe to make
assumptions about anything.

There remains the shadow of the old iconoclasm, but it usually lacks either
conviction or sincerity, and what occurs is a variation on the standard dance
between two people unsure of each other's intentions until one of them comes
clean and enables a new commonality to reveal itself.

I have such encounters all the time now, characterised above all by the
realisation that the dream is indeed over, that those of us who nourished
ourselves on the luxurious radicalism of the remote are finally obliged to grow
up. Once you have watched the end of the world with someone you love, it is
impossible to return to humbug.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              927 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 29, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
New President Already Has Legacy

BYLINE: By GEORGE VECSEY

SECTION: Section 8; Page 4; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 878 words


JUDY LEVERING sat in her hotel room in the middle of the night and jotted down
four or five pages' worth of notes.

Her prep work was worth it. Levering's arguments the next day finally convinced
her colleagues that the new stadium at the National Tennis Center should be
named after the late Arthur Ashe.

The name is now an ancient tradition, as American stadiums go these days,
heading for its third United States Open tomorrow. Yesterday, the place was
bustling with Arthur Ashe Kids' Day, for fun and charity, and Levering promises
that the name will stand, unblighted by the name of some transient corporate
sponsor.

In her first Open as the first female president of the United States Tennis
Association, Levering now has another challenge -- filling the ludicrously
oversized 21,000-seat stadium with actual tennis fans.

"We've got to get more people in here," Levering said the other day.

She was standing on the floor of the handsome new stadium. Workmen were bustling
at the south end, installing a contraption that will allow a television camera
to zoom from one corner to another (but not during points). Jim Courier was
preparing for a workout on the main court. Levering waved at him, a favorite for
his devotion to Davis Cup competition. Then she nodded at the seats just a few
feet away.

"The players love to have an audience," Levering said.

That does not always happen. For the first eight or nine days of the Open,
thousands of fans flock to the downsized Louis Armstrong Stadium, thousands
flock to the intimate grandstand, and thousands more flock to the outer courts
to literally peer over the players' shoulders.

What is worse, thousands of wine-sippers and shrimp-ingesters hide out in the
air-conditioned sanctums of the luxury boxes to watch the soaps, to check up on
their flitting fortunes in the market, anything to avoid sitting in the elements
and watching tennis.

"If you put the stars in the stadium court, very often they have easy matches in
the early rounds," Levering said. "People might go to the hotly contested
matches, and the stadium is one-third empty."

Or one-third full. Like her friend and predecessor, Harry Marmion, Levering
seems genuinely committed to not doing what the three other Grand Slam events
have been doing, which is selling out the secondary arenas, packing the grounds,
and fairly forcing people to stay in the main stadium.

This is going to be hard to believe, given New York's well-deserved reputation
for venality and cacophony, but the Open is now the most pleasant of Grand Slam
events -- the courts more accessible, the aisles less jammed, the services more
available.

"I lived in London from 1976 through 1979 and it was just starting," Levering
said, with all due respect. "This year at Wimbledon I wanted to go over to watch
Alexandra Stevenson, but I had some duties in the Royal Box, and I could not
even get to the reserved area at the second court."

This year the Open will make available 1,000 grounds tickets for each of the
first nine days, at prices from $25 to $35, on sale that day, theoretically
making it easier for locals to get a glimpse.

Levering reminds New Yorkers that the center, open year-round, "is the best
public facility in the country." She thinks, as the first female president, that
she can make tennis more popular on the grass-roots level. "Men and women
approach issues differently," she said the other day. "Women generally don't
have big egos. We generally don't always have to be right. Now that will change
as women get into situations where men have been. But in general, women
understand how things work at the community level because that's how we've lived
it. We've looked at values differently, been involved in the rearing of
children."

For all her interest in the care and handling of young people, Levering has not
yet persuaded recalcitrant youths named Sampras and Agassi to come out for all
Davis Cup play. She has had better success with her peers in the U.S.T.A., who
nicknamed her the Velvet Hammer for her perseverance.

This mannered white-haired grandmother (from Kansas City, Mo., and Lancaster,
Pa., now living with her husband in Stowe, Vt.) pushed board members to think
beyond the lucrative but grubby practice of courting a corporate name. She was
convinced it should be named for the Open and Wimbledon champion who was
activist, scholar, businessman, Davis Cup captain and hero for the way he faced
his early death from AIDS, acquired from a blood transfusion.

"We could have named it U.S.T.A. Stadium or we could name it after a person,"
Levering said. "If it would be an outstanding player, well, that is debatable,
but Arthur was a champion who transcended the sport. Every other sport would
have loved to have Arthur Ashe play that sport. We were lucky to have Arthur."

After writing down her thoughts, Levering convinced Marmion and the others the
next day. If she does nothing else, the name will be a monument to her volunteer
work with the U.S.T.A.

During her two summers as president, Levering will search for a method -- bribes
or point of a gun or moral coercion -- to induce denizens of the luxury boxes to
emerge from the shadows to watch a bit of tennis. They might even enjoy it.


http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Judy Levering

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Judy Levering, the U.S.T.A.'s first female president, led the
way in naming the tennis center, which she calls "the best public facility in
the country," after Arthur Ashe. (Angel Franco/The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              928 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Letter Box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 974 words


Power production: Consider the options

Editor of the Reformer:

Vermont Yankee recycled to become a 620-megawatt biomass power plant would be
the third-largest on Earth and the third-largest producer of biomass ash and
emissions. It would also block the proposed western New England electricity
corridor.

How many acres of biomass would be harvested, then delivered daily by how many
trucks and trains? Would they also remove the ash for disposal somewhere? Also
burning trash? The Union of Concerned Scientists "does not consider
waste-to-energy plants that burn raw municipal waste to be a sustainable form of
biomass. Waste-to-energy plants emit high levels of air pollution, including
toxic metals, chlorinated compounds and plastics." Plus toxic ash.

Or natural gas? Crossing northern Massachusetts near potential "anchor tenants"
Erving Paper Mills and recycled Vermont Yankee, the proposed Tennessee Gas
Pipeline Northeast Expansion Project could include a "lateral" also supplying
Brattleboro and Putney, where manufacturers already burn natural gas delivered
by trucks. Vermont Yankee should be recycled to burn only natural gas and
justify a pipeline serving and spurring the economy of southeast Vermont.
Opponents should be asked what they propose instead of prosperity.

Blocking the western New England electricity corridor? Gov. Peter Shumlin has
proposed it to deliver Gouvernement du Québec's Hydro-Québec electricity to
southern New England via Vermont.

Already built from Vernon, where VELCO's switchyard next to Yankee connects it
to the New England grid, northward to New Haven, Vermont, it can be extended to
Québec via an existing right-of-way. This switchyard and transmission lines,
like all electrical connections, have limited capacity. Closing Yankee, and
keeping it closed, frees this capacity so that Hydro-Québec can bypass New
Hampshire's stalled Northern Pass transmission-line project.

Howard Fairman,

Vernon, June 6

Opera is not
a spectator sport

Editor of the Reformer:

Opera, I learned Friday night, is all about raw, undiluted human emotion.
Ordinarily, what happens, and the way we describe what happens, amount to the
same thing in our minds. In Tosca, Puccini brings us face to face with our
frailty, and our nobility.

Hugh Keelan takes us even further. Not only is a long and complicated story of
love and betrayal already drastically distilled and condensed down to a glorious
though brief evening's entertainment, but in this production we are offered
tantalizingly few translations as the libretto unfolds in operatic Italian. What
we are left with, first and foremost, without time to figure things out, is the
thing itself: love, lust, nobility, venality, redemption, loss, all the
experiences that are beyond words, delivered fresh as raw oysters.

At the beginning Keelan winds up and plunges into the music like a big-league
pitcher, or a Viking leaping over a battlement, a tremendous, nearly literal,
leap of faith. You don't have to know Keelan very long to realize this man's
commitment to engage every single person in the glory and majesty of art. He
plays an orchestra like some vast keyboard, where each key is a human being.
Boundaries melt away as the orchestra becomes one with the conductor; the
audience begins to breathe together as the different voices of the orchestra
elicit responses our brains. Soon there are no individuals in the place, but a
world, a complete view of life, moment by riveting moment.

Jenna Rae, as Tosca, enters voice first, from the audience, in the dark, so it
is not her spectacular costume, but her compelling presence we encounter first.
Her voice is a superb instrument, but its power and her masterful technique only
partly explain this effect. She opens her throat, and music pervades the
theater, causing resonances and harmonics that blend with the orchestra into a
rich tapestry. Afterward, when we had been brought to our feet in riotous
applause, I thought: Opera is not a spectator sport!

In case anyone might insist upon remaining a disinterested party to all this,
Hugh Keelan and the chorus went through the throng just before curtain time,
teaching us the "Te Deum" that is sung in the second act. Not a big part, but a
significant one. When it came around during the performance, the conductor
turned to face us, and sang with us in a resounding "Te Deum." We were gone. We
were transported. We were in the scene, and the scene was life itself.

Jenna Rae, Alan Schneider, Stan Norsworthy, Cailin Manson, Javier
Luengo-Garrido, Patrick Donnelly and Preston Forchion are all superb,
world-class performers.

The PanOpera production of Tosca is worth whatever it takes to get there. This
is not what you get watching PBS, and I doubt if the famous venues of the big
cities provide anything to top it.

Peter Barus,

Whitingham, June 2

Volunteer drivers sought

Editor of the Reformer:

As volunteer coordinator for the ACS Road to Recovery Program for this area, I
was pleased to read Richard Davis' most recent column ("Driving Miss
Brattleboro," June 11).

I would like to reiterate: "One of the most difficult tasks of a medical ride
service is finding volunteer drivers." Presently I am blessed to have a group of
generous and dedicated drivers, but should one or more need to step down, I'm
concerned about replacing them. The more drivers I have available, the better to
not only provide rides, but also not overly burden any one driver. Likely an
overall medical ride system is a great idea, but in the meantime I urge anyone
who would be willing to drive patients to medical appointments to contact either
me at 802-387-5527 (rides for cancer related appointments) or individual town
cares groups.

As Richard said, "It can become an extremely rewarding venture." That has been
my experience; I have met many remarkable, inspiring people.

Betsy Hallett,

Putney, June 16

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Variety

                              June 12, 1998 Friday

Sweet Bird of Youth

BYLINE: PAUL HARRIS..

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 620 words


(Drama revival; Lansburgh Theater, Washington, D.C.; 450 seats; $ 49.50 top)

A Shakespeare Theater presentation of a play in two acts by Tennessee Williams.
Directed by Michael Kahn. Sets, Michael Yeargan; costumes, Martin Pakledinaz;
lighting, Howell Binkley; music, Adam Wernick; vocal consultant, Sarah Felder;
resident assistant director, Eleanor Holdridge; stage manager, Martin Lechner.
Opened, reviewed May 29, 1998. Running time: 3 HOURS.

Chance Wayne .... Michael Hayden

Alexandra del Lago .... Elizabeth Ashley

Boss Finley .... David Sabin

Tom Jr. .... Willis Sparks

Heavenly Finley .... Elizabeth Sastre

George Scudder .... Samuel Maupin

Aunt Nonnie .... Nancy Robinette

Miss Lucy .... Robin Moseley

Heckler .... Joseph McKenna

Snuff .... Jason Nuzzo

Scotty .... Paul Takacs

Bud .... David M. Fendig

Violet .... Laurena Mullins

Edna .... Jennifer Gerdts

Hatcher .... Scott Palmer

Fly .... Sharief Paris

Charles .... Lawrence Allen

With: Prescott Avirett, Ben Hulan

Patrick Sweetman

Elizabeth Ashley's passionate portrayal of the decaying film star Alexandra Del
Lago highlights a masterful production of Tennessee Williams' powerful "Sweet
Bird of Youth" at D.C.'s Shakespeare Theater. Director Michael Kahn, reuniting
with Ashley 23 years after their Broadway revival of "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,"
has assembled a superb cast for this final production of the theater's season.
It includes an equally deft performance from Michael Hayden as the gigolo,
Chance Wayne, whose pathetic disintegration helps define Williams' treatise on
social and moral decay. Hayden brings extraordinary depth and athleticism to the
multitextured role of the dreamer whose imperial swagger dissolves into
stumbling, drunken despair.

Williams' play, with its semi-autobiographical themes, has drawn decidedly mixed
opinions from critics and audiences since the play's debut in 1959. It is not so
much an examination of human frailties as a celebration of them. The tortured
souls of St. Cloud, residents and interlopers alike, offer vivid portrayals of
their character flaws as the drama unfolds.

The definition of venality in this loathsome ensemble is the bullying political
tycoon Boss Finley. In David Sabin's hands, he's a living embodiment of greed
and avarice as he hacks and wheezes his way to selfish pursuits. Clad in white
suit with a paunch and crimson face, Sabin is a heart attack in motion ---
deliciously disgusting.

Other supporting performances are also sharp, including Elizabeth Sastre as the
diseased daughter, Samuel Maupin as the conniving doctor, Nancy Robinette as the
shallow and impressionable sister, Robin Moseley as the vengeful mistress and
Willis Sparks as Finley's vicious son, spoiling to castrate the man who violated
his sister.

But this play really revolves around the film star, and Ashley makes the most of
the meaty role from the moment she awakens from a drunken stupor, demanding
vodka and oxygen, to her final triumphant sashay into a waiting car. In between
is an absorbing look at one of the theater's most self-destructive
personalities.

Ashley's aging movie queen is an enormously entertaining mixture of weakness,
passion and aloofness as she reaches hungrily into her companion's pajamas one
minute and callously dismisses him the next. With her deep voice, purposeful
stride and affected manner, she is in absolute control of Michael Yeargan's
classic seaside hotel bedroom set. Ashley and Hayden play brilliantly off each
other.

Kahn's direction makes the most of the multiple tensions built into the play.
The effect is heightened by Howell Binkley's varied lighting, especially the
silhouettes, and Adam Wernick's moody music.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 Reed Elsevier Inc.


                              930 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 14, 1993, Thursday

POLITICS Limits on TV ads worry politicians

BYLINE: By Tom Baxter

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 2

LENGTH: 571 words


Some election campaigns lack "the vision thing," as George Bush called it. In
this fall's Atlanta city elections, it looks like we won't even have the
commercial thing.

Well before the two biggest television stations in town decided to yank the plug
on most political ads, this had proved to be a less than enlightening election.
The races for mayor, City Council president and school board all have been
marked by accusations and name-calling, at a time when many Atlantans hoped
somebody would be spelling out a vision for the city's future.

Not that a few more television ads would have helped much, but WSB- TV's
decision to limit each candidate's ads to seven a week, coming on the heels of
WAGA-TV's outright ban, clouds the already muddy picture.

Both stations have promised to compensate for the lost air time with news
coverage of the race and televised debates. WSB's debate is set for the Sunday
afternoon before the election, which is fine if you're not a Falcons fan. But
this is scant comfort for campaigns, which have been set scrambling only three
weeks before the election, to revise their game plans.

A little background seems in order. After the last governor's race, a group of
local lawyers, representing candidates from both parties, brought action against
several Georgia stations - including WSB and WAGA - for overcharging their
clients in violation of the Federal Communications Commission rule that
political ads must be charged at the lowest rate.

That turned out to be a very successful pursuit. Before long, they were
representing politicians around the country who claimed that stations had
routinely denied them the lowest ad rate.

Among the most energetic of these litigators was Robert S. Kahn, formerly Rep.
Roy Barnes's campaign manager and now his law partner. This year, Kahn has been
advising and buying air time for Michael Lomax, who happens to be the mayoral
candidate most observers think has the most to lose from being denied ad time.

WSB Station Manager Greg Stone said Wednesday that Kahn's presence in the
campaign had nothing to do with the station's decision. Even so, it gave Kahn,
who has been complaining about the venality of television to anyone who would
listen for the past two years, a perfect soapbox.

"Any station that would delay 'Nightline' for 'Hard Copy' and 'Who's the Boss?'
- or, for that matter, 'Letterman' for 'The Love Connection' - was bound to pull
a stunt like this," said Kahn, warming to the subject. "This is hypocrisy, pure
and simple."

When it all shakes out, this development may have less impact on the mayoral
race than it will on others down the road. Television hasn't played a big role
in Atlanta elections in the past. With less TV exposure than they expected, the
candidates will probably revert to the old style of campaigning, with lots of
yard signs and direct mail.

But suppose these same stations decide to continue their policies in next year's
governor's race. If Zell Miller's Republican challenger were denied access to
the two biggest stations in the market where most of the state's Republicans
live, then in the words of GOP pollster Whit Ayres, "you might as well not run."

Neither station has said it will continue the policy past this election. But
they have set politicians in and out of Atlanta to thinking about what the
upshot could be if this catches on, and a lot of them don't like it very much.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932880100

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              931 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday

FICTION Nature Girl By Carl Hiaasen (Transworld, Pounds 12.99)

BYLINE: PAUL CONNOLLY

SECTION: LL 04; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 233 words


THIS Floridian author doesn't do prosaic - just look at the characters that
people his 13th eco-thriller novel.

A beautiful, but possibly bipolar, single mother who fosters a pathological
hatred of rudeness; a honey-voiced telemarketer with a total lack of backbone;
an odoriferous fishmonger who has had most of his fingers surgically reattached
to the wrong knuckles; a Seminole Indian who yearns to commune with nature but
doesn't have the first idea how to do so; and a female student who is unable to
stop talking.

Hiaasen's formula is well-worn but effective. He ladles much of his rage into
his lead character (Honey Santana, the slightly bonkers single mum), hamstrings
the villains with an odd encumbrance and sits back and watches the sparks fly.
The catalyst for the madness that burns through Nature Girl is Texan
telemarketer Boyd Shreave's incredible rudeness. He calls Santana during dinner
to sell her some real estate and ends up calling her a "dried-up old skank". He
is then fooled into setting off for Florida but this is something he soon comes
to regret.

While not quite up to the lofty standards of Hiaasen's previous novel Skinny
Dip, Nature Girl surmounts the slightly skimpy plot by piling up the
preposterous setpieces. Hiaasen's rage has been slightly muted by time, but
corporate and individual venality and stupidity remain his mortal enemies.

And long may his anger fester.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              July 7, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Women's game is like a totally different world;
FOOTBALL

BYLINE: HENRY McDONALD

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 586 words


SO, what a way to count in the first hours of your 50th birthday: to stay up
watching the USA comprehensively beating Japan in the Women's World Cup final.

Thanks to Carli Lloyd and her crew, that passage from my forties into the big
five oh went a whole lot smoother in the early hours of yesterday.

When you reach 50 - or so the cliche goes - you become more cynical and
conservative. Carlo Gebler, the Fermanagh-based novelist, has captured this
change-of-life-crisis perfectly towards the end of his new memoir, Confessions
of a Catastrophist, when he confesses that his thoughts these days are "more
Daily Mail than Guardian".

I am happy to report that my middle-age metamorphosis has not lurched too far to
the right and I still refuse to accept free copies of the Irish Daily Mail when
I pay for the Guardian every Saturday morning in Connolly Station before
boarding the Dublin-to-Belfast train.

There is, of course, one passion in my life that has been tainted with cynicism
and world-weariness - football. The recent scandals involving Sepp Blatter and
the Fifa kleptocrats; the inflated wages of Premier League players alongside the
venality of their agents; the influence of Russian billionaires and Gulf sheikhs
in delivering trophies to a chosen golden circle of clubs and the rising price
of going through the turnstiles at top-flight matches is enough to put you off
following what is still laughably called "the people's game."

Yet the joy and the elation of the US team and the tears of the Japanese players
in Vancouver remind you of the brighter side of world football.

The entire tournament has been a pleasure to watch and even England's agony in
the semi-final provided the same type of drama on an international stage that we
haven't seen since I was at Italia '90, when we had Gazza's tears and another
heartbreaking penalty shoot-out.

Carli Lloyd's hat-trick produced the high-point of the competition and was a
feat last matched by one of her male counterparts in a World Cup final, Geoff
Hurst's three goals in 1966. She also became the dominant actor in the
tournament in the same way Maradona did back in Mexico '86.

In a hiatus year between the men's World Cup and the European Championships, in
an otherwise football-free early summer, the women from the USA, Japan, England
and all the other teams at the competition gave us some heartening reminders of
what the game should be about.

One thing, for instance, mercifully absent from the women's matches was petulant
arguing with the officials and a distinct lack of fake injury/play-acting.

There were 22 feminists on a pitch in Canada last Monday morning - no, that is
not the start of some 1970s-style Bernard Manningesque so-called "joke". Rather,
it is an observation about the way the American and Japanese female footballers
were role models in their sport; not only for millions of young girls and women
around the world who want to play football, but also for us male fans to pay
more attention to and give deeper respect to the women's game.

All of the international sides in Canada, especially the finalists, are winners
in that they have struck a blow for female sporting equality, or at least
advanced the struggle towards that goal in the global game.

They did so unconsciously by simply playing the game they love and, in doing so,
they also gave this old crock 90-plus minutes of joy just as he reached
half-a-century.

e Henry McDonald is a Cliftonville and Everton fan and hopes to follow Northern
Ireland around France next summer

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Top of the world: Carli Lloyd (10) celebrates the second of her three
goals in the USA's 5-2 World Cup final victory over Japan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2015 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 16, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

French 'Dogs' rips at heart of racism and hate

BYLINE: Wendell Brock

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Features; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 481 words


THEATER REVIEW "Black Battles With Dogs" Through May 6. 7:30 p.m.
Wednesdays-Thursdays; 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays; 5 p.m. Sundays. $15- $20. 7
Stages, 1105 Euclid Ave. N.E. 404-523-7647. The verdict: Timely yet timeless.


While the killing of an unarmed black man by a Cincinnati police officer and the
resulting civic disorder made headlines all weekend, 7 Stages unveiled
Bernard-Marie Koltes' "Black Battles With Dogs," a French drama from 1982 that
holds a mirror to these times in a way that is prescient and uncanny.

Expertly staged by guest director Arthur Nauzyciel and starring three of
Atlanta's best actors and newcomer Isma'il ibn Conner, the play has traveled
well to America and its Atlanta premiere. Set at a French construction site
somewhere in Africa, it sends up colonialism and the petty values of the white
middle class. It is a drama that is a powder keg of out-of-control emotions,
hate-mongering and bleakest despair.

Though it does smack a bit of the cafe-and-Calvados intellectualism that the
French are famous for, it is a remarkable production that proves again why 7
Stages is one of our best small theater companies. Pumped up from its recently
held-over production of "Sweat" ---another import that mined Africa for themes
of human justice --- and a significant grant from the Loridans/Trammell Theater
Initiative, 7 Stages is back with an international collaboration of national
importance.

Stripped to the core, "Black Battles" is the tale of Alboury (Conner), an
African who arrives at the site to claim the body of his murdered brother.
Playing out like an old Western film, the play's cinematic qualities are
highlighted by the transparent veil that separates the actors from the audience.
It's the jaundiced eye that afflicts this encampment of thugs. While Daniel
Pettrow milks the part of Cal, the murderer, for its venality, he gives it a
touching vulnerability that makes him almost sympathetic. Viewers, be warned,
though: his full-frontal shower scene is more than just a flashing glimpse of
nudity, and the play is laced with offensive language.

Those are not flaws, but the production's length is. At two hours and 20
minutes, it gets a bit bogged down. And while Giulio Lichtner's evocative
lighting and minimal sets strike the perfect tone, Xavier Jacquot's aural
landscape --- Baroque chamber music, the sounds of barking dogs and the night
--- gets tedious. It works best when it sounds as if the stage itself is
breathing.

Both Del Hamilton (Horn, the construction site supervisor) and Janice Akers (as
his wife, Leonie) are exemplars of good acting. Akers gets to the very soul of
Leonie, the play's heroic figure. But it is Alboury who is the moral stalwart of
the story. His speech on familial love is touching and beautiful. And it
captures what the play is all about: leading with love, not violence.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
An African (Isma'il ibn Conner) and a European visitor (Janice Akers) embark on
a tortured affair in the Atlanta premiere of Bernard-Marie Koltes' "Black
Battles With Dogs" at 7 Stages. / YVONNE BOYD / Seven Stages

TYPE: Review

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              934 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            January 25, 2008 Friday

G2: MARCHING ON WASHINGTON: He has promised a better future for all the United
States, regardless of race. But has Barack Obama won over black America? In a G2
special feature, author Candace Allen explains how she came to believe in his
dream of being the next president. And on the following pages other
African-Americans - from a Hollywood star to a Manhattan cleaner, a teacher to a
prisoner on death row, a pastor to a Wal-Mart employee - reveal whether Obama's
vision gets their vote: CANDACE ALLEN: { AUTHOR AND SCRIPTWRITER }

BYLINE: Candace Allen

SECTION: GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1704 words


It began with his memoir. In November 2006 I went home to Connecticut for
Thanksgiving. I've been living in London since the end of 1994 and as the years
passed I'd been finding the United States an increasingly strange place to be.
Its huge appetites were increasingly bland, turning distinctive neighbourhoods
into generic shopping malls, distinctive music into repetitive tripe, and seemed
to have reduced the American spirit and energy to an ignorant, arrogant torpor.
With the inauguration of George Bush and the horror of 9/11, independent thought
seemed to have become unpatriotic anathema.

However, during that Thanksgiving visit I'd felt a seismic shift. During the
previous year, much of the press appeared to have rediscovered the independent
workings of its hind legs. Ordinary Americans had begun bridling at the Bush
administration's gross hypocrisies, ham-fisted actions and cavalier attitudes to
the welfare, physical and social, of all beyond their intimate circle. The
Democrats had won majorities in both Houses of Congress; I could hold open
conversations about political change with people around whom I'd been
circumspect since the World Trade Centre attack; and already there was a real
sense of urgency to a presidential campaign that was two years away.

I wanted to believe that the Democrats would somehow manage to get their act
together this time, but I wasn't excited about the candidates with which I was
familiar. In the past, I'd resigned myself to voting for Hillary Clinton, but
with her ever wider steps to the right, her support of the Iraq war, her
incessant pandering for votes . . . this was feeling more and more distasteful.
Would 2008 be yet another year to vote against someone rather than for?

Folks were talking about the junior senator from Illinois, Barack Obama, but I
didn't think he had a chance in hell. Young, African-American, Senate rookie,
with no money? Forget about it. Folks were talking about his books, a memoir,
Dreams from My Father, and a political precis, The Audacity of Hope, with
enthusiasm. Word was that Obama was a rising star. Now wasn't his time, but it
would come before too long.

A very close African-American friend thought I ought to give the memoir a try.
"It reads like a novel," she said. "I really think you'll like it." I completed
Dreams from My Father's 442 pages in a trice. Yes, Obama could write - the
extraordinarily well-crafted fluidity of his style was more than a pleasure -
but it was the man's profound humanity that pierced me to my core. Here was a
man of earth and experience and empathy and at the precocious (for a man) age of
33. When he described his personal epiphany upon hearing a sermon entitled The
Audacity of Hope, I too experienced a long-dormant elation. In subsequently
reading the eponymous political precis that spoke of America's promise to all
her people and how this must and could be reignited, I felt flames of pride and
possibility of belief in the country of which I'd despaired reignite as well.
Here, after years and years of technocrat venality, was a leader to believe in.

I called my aunt. At 83 she is still an active participant in New York's theatre
world and continues to be politically active as well. She was also extremely
impressed with Obama, but as much as she believed in him, she hoped that he
wouldn't run. Like Colin Powell's wife, Alma, my aunt believed that any black
man with a serious chance at the office of president was bound to be gunned down
by some race-mad cracker. I told her that I'd agreed that there had been good
reason for fear during the time of Powell's consideration, but I felt that
things had changed in the intervening years. Americans were so sick of being
lied to and stolen from by their government and disrespected - if not hated - in
the world, so discouraged by the lack of decency, let alone higher values, in
public life that the chances were they wouldn't be so trigger-happy. My aunt,
like many of her generation since, countered that it only took one.

I saw her point, but my decision was made. Barack Obama was my candidate.

On February 10 2007, while waiting for the announcement of his candidacy, I
spent a good deal of time staring at a full-frontal portrait of Obama and
realised that not only did I want him to be president of the United States but
that, though I hadn't been an active political participant since the
back-in-the-day black student revolution of the late 60s and early 70s, I could
not sit this one out. If this man was not elected it wouldn't be because of
something I didn't do.

That day I jumped in, began contacting people, first as a renegade freelance and
then as a member of Americans Abroad for Obama. In February last year I'd told
myself that I was not going to go back to the US to make phone calls and knock
on doors; but for six days in early January of this year I did just that.
Raising money, sending emails, writing commentary wasn't enough. I contacted the
extraordinarily well-organised central office in Chicago and got assigned to the
small town of Peterborough, New Hampshire, where, sometimes in temperatures of
-15C, I experienced up close and personal how deeply this improbable candidate,
this no longer impossible dream, was igniting hundreds of thousands of Americans
on all sides of all spectrums.

For me, and for many I've worked with or spoken to, it's not so much the
specifics of the man's programmes that have garnered our profound support. Obama
is a very smart man who has spent much time specifically considering the
challenges that afflict us: foreign policy, healthcare, education, social
security. It is his willingness and proven ability to work with all parties to
solve even the most intractable problems, his "naive" determination to speak
with our enemies as well as our friends, with those who fervently disagree with
him on domestic matters, as well as those who share his approach, that fuels our
drive to make this happen. As the man says, "More light, less fight" - and thus
an end to the intractable polarisation that has been blighting our political
system for at least 20 years.

And, too, the consistency of his character, his refusal to shape-shift when so
many "authorities" were saying he must for any chance at victory, fills my own
soul with joy. Part of this consistency is his refusal to be cowed by those who
proclaim hope to be naive, foolish and downright false. Obama's hope, our hope,
isn't a passive thing but the strongest motivation for progress throughout our
history and has inspired collective endeavour unknown in the US for a good deal
more than 30 years, a movement in fact.

was wrapped up in blankets in my chilly Peterborough hotel room when the Iowa
results came in. Elation? Absolutely. We'd done it! We'd proven that the Obama
campaign had votes as well as hearts, legs, money and hope. For the millions of
African-Americans who doubted that white folks would ever vote for a black man,
the all-important proof that this, too, was no impossible dream; but with the
euphoria, a nagging wonder: could it really be this easy? A mighty wind, yes,
but was the Clinton organisation and the Democratic establishment really so
flimsy as it was appearing?

The answer, of course, was no. For all the pundit and poll nonsense, for all our
concentrated and exuberant efforts, the result in New Hampshire was not what we
wanted, and we saw what we've always known, that any status quo does not concede
its hegemony without a knockdown, drag-out fight which, in the past week, has
become very, very nasty.

When I first heard of Hillary Clinton's comment that "Dr King's dream began to
be realised when President Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act. It took a
president to get it done", I thought that extreme desire for victory had caused
the woman to lose not only her moral compass but her mind as well. Just as, no
matter how hip or intimate they are with black folk, no white person can use the
N-word with impunity, so, no matter what the politics of your black audience,
you don't trivialise the work and legacy of Dr Martin Luther King Jr. And
Clinton knows this. The implication that King, after years of galvanising and
moral leadership, despite innumerable beatings, jailings and government
disinformation campaigns, was but a minimal factor in this history was beyond
wrong.

Folks on all sides went into an uproar, myself included, and then I came to
recognise these remarks as being as cynical as the woman's New Hampshire tears.
Obama's success and appeal comes in no small part from his promise of a
post-racial politics, something that has produced a mix of ambivalence, pride
and downright resentment among black folk; but every black person knows that the
one sure way to discomfort white people is to turn the spotlight on our
blackness. Now the Clintons have brought race to the front and centre and had
the cheek to say that it was the Obama campaign playing the race card, all just
in time for the South Carolina and Super Tuesday contests.

With characteristic dignity and discipline, Barack moved quickly to damp down
what could have become the Clinton-desired conflagration, but black folk are as
elephants. We never forget. For many, this and other slights - the implication
from the Clinton camp that Barack had sold drugs, Bill Clinton's suggestions
that his campaign was a "fairytale", Andrew Cuomo's racist reference to
"shucking and jiving" - will linger in their consciousness. Survival has always
necessitated a wary eye towards history.

Last week, I wrote to my historian cousin in Atlanta and asked how things were
looking. "Things are thick and shifting every damn minute in Atlanta. But Obama
fever is on the rise," she replied. "My last call to a potential voter turned
out to be a black man who said he was 75 years old. I asked him if he minded
telling me who he planned to vote for. He said, 'Come on now, you don't even
need to ask! You know it's Obama!'" This cousin, Joy, later had a tearful moment
in her car missing Dr King, who started young and died too soon. "Then I thought
of Barack Obama", she wrote, "(and) my favourite quote from ML: 'Even if I knew
that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.'
"

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 21, 2014 Sunday

WONDER OF THE 'WORLD' Forget architectural snobs (yes, even me) - New Yorkers
and tourists love the colossal, gorgeous WTC

BYLINE: and STEVE CUOZZO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1132 words


Yogi Berra's eloquent observation, "Nobody goes there any more, it's too
crowded," applies to the new World Trade Center. The only ones staying away are
smarter-than-thou pundits who have no idea what they're talking or writing
about.

Modal Trigger

Tourists pile alongside the Memorial's reflecting pool.Photo: Helayne Seidman

A visit to the WTC reveals gazillions of people swarming over every walkable
square foot. They stroll over as much of the 16 acres as construction and
security barriers allow, gaze up at the skyscrapers, photograph loved ones and,
yes, touch the 9/11 victims' names engraved around the memorial pools.

It's a wonder, because the new WTC is barely half-finished and large sections
remain impassable. The two completed office buildings are as yet little
occupied. Stores, restaurants, and the 100th-floor observatory won't open until
next year. Neither will the Santiago Calatrava-designed Transportation Hub.

There are no public toilets. There's barely a place to sit - the memorial ground
benches are too low for settling in.

Yet the place swarms with life even on raw December days. Take Cortlandt Way,
the new Cortlandt Street extension that's barely an alley scrunched between 4
WTC and the 3 WTC construction site.

Nobody minds that it's buried under, and narrowed by, a jungle gym of
scaffolding. Everyone's thrilled silly that a "street" now runs through the WTC,
unlike at the old Twin Towers superblock.

Delighted visitors know something the city's architectural and urban-affairs
intelligentsia don't: The politically warped, ideologically conflicted and
bureaucratically hamstrung 13-year redevelopment saga since 9/11 improbably
brought forth a much better result than we had a right to expect - or than we
deserved. The abundant goodwill that went into planning narrowly carried the day
over equally abundant greed and venality.

Learned cranks bemoaning the site's architecture, politics and
commercial-commemorative tension ought to pipe down and consider how nobody else
seems to care.

The complex had to integrate a vast, solemn and cathartic memorial with millions
of square feet of office space and a gargantuan transit station. The "another
lost opportunity for greatness" crowd deplored the transmutation of Daniel
Libeskind's radical vision (remember knife-edged towers and 80-foot-deep exposed
slurry walls?) into something more rational - normal office buildings and train
station aligned in an L around a street-level memorial park.

What looked boring on paper is turning out to be captivating in reality. Even in
its partly inchoate state, the new WTC is so ridiculously popular, it's scary to
think how overrun it will be when it's finished.

Visitors to the memorial - 16 million since it opened in 2011 - increasingly
means visitors to the World Trade Center. They stare enraptured at Fumihiko
Maki's gossamer-skin 4 WTC, which seems to vanish in the clouds, and at the
spiky Hub crouched like a prehistoric bug at the foot of rising 3 WTC.

It might take years for New Yorkers to fully embrace it, but the rest of the
world isn't waiting. Close friends who were my next-door Manhattan neighbors
until they moved to Florida a few years ago recently set me straight.

"We came up out of the Fulton Street station and our eyes popped out," said my
friend, an acclaimed photographer who often returns to the studio he still keeps
here but had not been downtown since when 1 WTC was a stump. "No matter what you
guys write, everybody in the world is going to love it. Even the dinosaur."

He means the Hub, which I'd ridiculed as the "Calatrasaurus." And he was
correct. Most of us fortunate to have a media voice liked some elements of the
WTC project but not others. If public taste is any indication, we were all wrong
about the ones we hated.

The WTC crowds include tourists of course, but they're not Times Square's Big
Mac-munchers. They admire the architecture and revel in Elmo-free
people-watching afforded by the site's open pedestrian circulation.

It won't be long before locals fall in love with it, too.

Conde Nast staffers and other New Yorkers moving to 1 WTC have discovered a
soothing oasis on their doorstep - the 9/11 Memorial that's blossomed from its
mordant conception into an easygoing public park. They'll soon have a
three-minute walk to a 40,000-square-foot Eataly and stores from Banana Republic
to Turbull & Asser.

Of course, many deep thinkers regard the WTC's various creators as hacks,
profiteers and aesthetic vulgarians. A column in The New York Times this month
by architect Steven Bingler and journalist Martin C. Pedersen called out the
"Architecture of the capital 'A' variety" for falling out of touch with popular
sensibility, and assailed an "archipelago of graduate schools, magazines and
blogs that reinforce our own worldview."

Their essay didn't mention the World Trade Center, but they might have had it in
mind. The "archipelago" includes wiser-than-thou architectural critics. The
Times' Michael Kimmelman thinks 1 WTC's "monomoniacal" design stinks. His
perception of it as a neofascist obelisk - "General MacArthur in aviator
sunglasses" - can only baffle those who find its soft skyline profile almost too
polite.

Piling on poor 1 WTC, environmental writer James West complains in Mother Jones
that it isn't as "green" as was promised. "What went wrong?" he demands.

Karrie Jacobs in Architect magazine, the publication of the esteemed American
Institute of Architects (AIA), complained that the memorial has "too many
visitors" and doesn't offer "tranquility' - yet contradictorily asserts it
"lacks the energy typical of the city's best public places."

National Review's Christine Sisto coldly dismissed the magnificent 9/11 Memorial
Museum as a "failure" and "just a bunch of broken eyeglasses and dust-covered
bicycles."

Even nonideological real-estate reporters get into the act, proclaiming both 1
WTC and 4 WTC failures for "slow leasing" - even though both will likely be full
within two years despite the site's tormented history.

And of course a genius named Steve Cuozzo has repeatedly condemned the Hub as
"LOL ugly." But it won't stop hordes from going shopping soon inside the whale
innards-like Oculus big enough to swallow Grand Central Terminal.

Kimmelman regards 1 WTC's supposed mediocrity as a "cautionary tale" in what
happens when a "commercial developer" is "pretty much handed the keys to the
castle." Eh? Larry Silverstein never wanted to build a "Freedom Tower" and
cheerfully gave it up to the Port Authority eight years ago.

The real "cautionary tale" is that for certain elites, no new World Trade Center
will ever be good enough - no matter how well it accomplishes all it was
supposed to, and more than that.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : The Calatrava hub, opening next year, adds to the site's uniqueness.
Tourists and New Yorkers have embraced the WTC plaza, with its sky-reflecting
glass spires and haunting memorial. (Angel Chevrestt (2); Helayne Seidman (2))

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

BYLINE: roger moore; McClatchy-Tribune News Service

SECTION: FRIDAY EXTRA; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 528 words



HIGHLIGHT: NEBRASKA


Dylan Thomas taught us all we ever need to know about old age, death and dying:
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.

Woodrow Woody Grant makes his rage a quest. He's 80ish. He's gotten a letter in
the mail that tells him he may have already won a million bucks in a magazine
sales sweepstakes. And by God, he's going to get from Billings, Mont., to
Lincoln, Neb., to collect it.

There's no talking him out of it. His son tries.

You haven't won ANYTHING.

His wife nags - You dumb CLUCK!

And since he's too feeble to drive, there's nothing for it but to give the slip
to his doubting family. He'll walk, in early winter, from Montana to Nebraska.

Alexander Payne's bleak, brilliant and bitterly funny Nebraska begins with the
image of Woody, played by Bruce Dern in a spot-on, shambling performance,
trudging down a highway in wintry Billings. The cops pick him up and we meet his
long-suffering stereo-salesman son, David (a terrific Will Forte).

We meet Woody's shrill, cranky wife, Kate (June Squibb, who steals the movie).

You know what I'd do with a million dollars? I'd put him in a home!

David agrees. But from the start of this story to the end, David and we come to
realize that it's taken a lifetime of hardship, disappointment, trauma and drink
to get Woody to this point.

You'd drink too, if you were married to your mother, Woody growls. He's going to
Lincoln if it's the last thing I do ... I'm runnin' out of time.

The director of Sideways serves up another poignant and hilarious road trip
comedy, with David - freshly split from his girlfriend - indulging his dad's
lunacy by driving him to Lincoln. Not much sense in stopping at Mount Rushmore.
But a side trip to Mom and Dad's old hometown - Hawthorne, Neb. - pays comic
dividends in this forlorn farce set along America's You betcha belt.

Payne, working from a Bob Nelson script, lovingly sums up the milieu of
thousands of dying little rural farm towns whose aging populations are still
social enough to hit the Sodbuster Bar & Grill, but who long ago ran out of much
to say to one another. Woody can't help but share his good news with an old
partner, a character so sharply played by Stacy Keach that he is small-town
venality summed up in one, neat, gregarious package.

The old are sticking around towns like Hawthorne because it's all they've ever
known, and the younger adults we meet - a generation removed from the hard work
of the farm - are trapped, overweight and just self-aware enough to be bitter
about it.

David discovers dimensions to his stubborn, addled dad and bullying,
co-dependent mom. Bob Odenkirk plays the small-town TV reporter brother who
doesn't get to make the same internal journey David does.

And Dern, a great character actor who made his mark opposite everyone from
Robert Redford and John Wayne to Jane Fonda, embraces the role of a lifetime. He
only occasionally lets us see the rascal he was through this disheveled,
troubled, reticent wreck of a man. There might be an Oscar nomination for him in
a movie that is, in every sense, a victory lap for a great career - a lap that
circles and staggers from Billings to Lincoln, with every amusing or melancholy
stop in between.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday

'Nebraska' a road trip with all the right turns

BYLINE: By ROGER MOORE McClatchy-Tribune News Service

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


Dylan Thomas taught us all we ever need to know about old age, death and dying:
"Rage, rage against the dying of the light."

Woodrow "Woody" Grant makes his rage a quest. He's 80ish. He's gotten a letter
in the mail that tells him he "may have already won" a million bucks in a
magazine sales sweepstakes. And by God, he's going to get from Billings, Mont.,
to Lincoln, Neb., to collect it.

There's no talking him out of it. His son tries.

"You haven't won ANYTHING."

His wife nags   "You dumb CLUCK!"

And since he's too feeble to drive, there's nothing for it but to give the slip
to his doubting family. He'll walk, in early winter, from Montana to Nebraska.

Alexander Payne's bleak, brilliant and bitterly funny "Nebraska" begins with the
image of Woody, played by Bruce Dern in a spot-on, shambling performance,
trudging down a highway in wintry Billings. The cops pick him up and we meet his
long-suffering stereo-salesman son, David (a terrific Will Forte).

We meet Woody's shrill, cranky wife, Kate (June Squibb, who steals the movie).

"You know what I'd do with a million dollars? I'd put him in a home!"

David agrees. But from the start of this story to the end, David and we come to
realize that it's taken a lifetime of hardship, disappointment, trauma and drink
to get Woody to this point.

"You'd drink too, if you were married to your mother," Woody growls. He's going
to Lincoln "if it's the last thing I do ... I'm runnin' out of time."

The director of "Sideways" serves up another poignant and hilarious road trip
comedy, with David   freshly split from his girlfriend   indulging his dad's
lunacy by driving him to Lincoln.

Not much sense in stopping at Mount Rushmore. But a side trip to Mom and Dad's
old hometown   Hawthorne, Neb.   pays comic dividends in this forlorn farce set
along America's "You betcha" belt.

Payne, working from a Bob Nelson script, lovingly sums up the milieu of
thousands of dying little rural farm towns whose aging populations are still
social enough to hit the Sodbuster Bar & Grill, but who long ago ran out of much
to say to one another.

Woody can't help but share his good news with an old partner, a character so
sharply played by Stacy Keach that he is small-town venality summed up in one,
neat, gregarious package.

The old are sticking around towns like Hawthorne because it's all they've ever
known, and the younger adults we meet   a generation removed from the hard work
of the farm   are trapped, overweight and just self-aware enough to be bitter
about it.

David discovers dimensions to his stubborn, addled dad and bullying,
co-dependent mom. Bob Odenkirk plays the small-town TV reporter brother who
doesn't get to make the same internal journey David does.

And Dern, a great character actor who made his mark opposite everyone from
Robert Redford and John Wayne to Jane Fonda, embraces the role of a lifetime. He
only occasionally lets us see the rascal he was through this disheveled,
troubled, reticent wreck of a man.

There might be an Oscar nomination for him in a movie that is, in every sense, a
victory lap for a great career   a lap that circles and staggers from Billings
to Lincoln, with every amusing or melancholy stop in between.GO!

'NEBRASKA'
·Featuring: Bruce Dern, Will Forte, June Squibb, Stacy Keach, Bob Odenkirk,
directed by Alexander Payne
·Where: Osio in Monterey
·Rating: R, for some language
·Running time: 1 hour, 55 minutes

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bruce Dern as Woody Grant, left, and Will Forte as David Grant in
Alexander Payne's ÒNebraska,Ó which opens Friday at the Osio Cinemas in
Monterey.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 15, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

A Golden Anniversary in Queens;
Indian and Pakistani Immigrants Honor 2 Homelands

BYLINE: By CELIA W. DUGGER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1480 words


Up a narrow flight of stairs in Jackson Heights, Queens, above the rich scents
of curry and the high-pitched melodies of Indian pop divas that wash over the
bustling sidewalk, two spare offices appear to house nothing more remarkable
than a businessman and an accountant.

But the second-floor office of Kanu Chauhan, a concert promoter and developer
from Bombay, is the headquarters for this weekend's 50th anniversary celebration
of India's independence, while just upstairs, the office of Manny Beg, an
accountant from Karachi, was the nerve center of Pakistan's 50th anniversary
festival, held last Sunday.

Fifty years after Pakistan was carved from India at the moment of independence
from the British Raj, this layering of celebratory efforts -- Mr. Chauhan, a
Hindu who owns the building, rents to Mr. Beg, a Muslim -- is no anomaly in
Jackson Heights. Thousands of immigrants from countries that have been enemies
since 1947 live together peaceably in the commercial heart of New York City's
South Asian population.

"It's not a perfect harmony," said Madhulika Khandelwal, acting director of the
Asian-American Center at Queens College. "There are moments of misgiving, but
what you see in everyday life in Queens is a lot of interaction among peoples
from South Asia."

Indians and Pakistanis buy from each other. They work for each other. The belong
to the same merchants' association. They share the same few blocks of commercial
space along 74th Street. They idolize the same Indian movie stars and watch the
same cricket matches. And, most importantly, they share a common story: they
came to the United States in pursuit of a life better than what they left
behind.

"Sometimes, people say money is the cause of evils," said Ramesh Navani, a part
owner of the India Sari Shop and a Hindu with childhood memories of fleeing
Pakistan for India 50 years ago in a noisy propeller plane. "But sometimes,
money keeps you so busy you have no time to think of nasty things."

In the New York metropolitan area, a magnet for more Indian and Pakistani
immigrants than any other urban region in the nation, nostalgia for home has
blended with ethnic pride to produce a burst of independence celebrations that
may be more festive than those on the subcontinent, where the daily drip of
political venality and the ever-present tragedy of poverty have complicated the
moment.

This past Sunday, the police estimated that 10,000 people gathered for the
Pakistan Day festival in Battery Park to picnic on fragrant, spicy food, listen
to singers from home and feast their eyes on Pakistani movie stars. This coming
Sunday, the India Day Parade, billed as "unprecedented, spectacular, colossal,"
will sail down lower Madison Avenue, with the John Wayne of Indian movie stars,
Amitabh Bachchan, in the lead as grand marshal.

But in the midst of the parades, banquets, concerts and conferences that are the
public face of immigrant celebrations of independence, many of those who left
home because they were dissatisfied with life on the subcontinent are in a mood
that is more meditative than joyous.

Saeeda Qureshi, 43, who emigrated from Pakistan 21 years ago and has raised her
children here, said she was glad to be Pakistani, but disgusted by the state of
politics in her homeland. "I feel very good about independence," said Mrs.
Qureshi, who lives on Staten Island. "But the politicians are very bad in
Pakistan. There is too much corruption."

Indian immigrants, too, have complex feelings about their nation's progress.
They say they take pride in being from the world's largest democracy, but abhor
the corruption that has debased it. They take heart in the growth of the
country's middle class and the loosening of state control over the economy,
while mourning the high rates of illiteracy and poverty.

And some ponder the persistence of communal conflict between Hindus and Muslims.
The Global Organization of People of Indian Origin, a nonprofit group based in
New York, has invited experts to speak on that theme, among others, at a 50th
anniversary conference on Aug. 30 at the New York Hilton and Towers.

The integration of Hindus and Muslims in neighborhood and civic life within
India, which echoes in relations between Indian and Pakistani immigrants here,
may well be the key to peace between them, said one of those experts, Ashutosh
Varshney, an associate professor of government at Harvard University.

Professor Varshney has compared some of the most riot-prone cities in India,
including Ahmadabad and Hyderabad, with the most tranquil, Lucknow and Calicut
among them. He found that cities where Hindus and Muslims had everyday
relationships at the neighborhood level and joined together in business, labor,
professional and voluntary associations, were the most resistant to violent
polarization.

And peace is actually far more prevalent than it appears, he said. His study
found that from 1950 to 1995, 18 cities with only 8 percent of India's
population accounted for two-thirds of the 7,300 riot-related deaths. "Peace
does not make news," he said. "It's not good copy."

But coexistence, Queens style, is a visual feast. The daily pageantry of Jackson
Heights, where women shop for brilliantly-hued saris ($29, $35 or $39 at India
Sari Palace) and men thrust plump fresh chickens into tandoori ovens, is a show
that runs free for the watching.

The first waves of immigration to New York from the subcontinent began after
1965, when United States immigration quotas that had favored Europeans were
abandoned. Many Indians, who far outnumber Pakistanis here, came under rules
that gave a preference to the highly skilled and educated. They, in turn,
brought their wives and children, siblings and parents, in a chain of familial
migration.

By 1990, United States Census figures show, the New York area had 199,010 Indian
residents, about half of them living in the city, and 21,726 Pakistanis,
two-thirds of whom lived in the city. From 1990 to 1994, 14,486 Indian
immigrants and 7,465 Pakistani immigrants moved to the city, according to the
City Planning Department.

Typically, Queens has been the newcomers' first home. But many immigrants, as
they have become more prosperous, have scattered to New Jersey, Long Island and
Westchester County.

And increasingly since the 1970's, Jackson Heights has become an ethnic
marketplace for South Asian immigrants from all over the region. The everyday
connections between Indians and Pakistanis here are everywhere evident.

The first Indian-owned store in the neighborhood, Sam and Raj, opened in 1973 to
sell 220-volt appliances to immigrants for shipping home to relatives on the
subcontinent, where that voltage is standard. The store hired a Pakistani
salesman, Atif Hasan, in 1978. Mr. Hasan has since risen to be the store
manager.

"They never made me feel I was hired because I'm Pakistani," Mr. Hasan said. And
Nitin Vora, who is a part owner of the store, said Mr. Hasan was right. "We
hired him because he's a nice person," Mr. Vora said.

Across 74th Street, at the New York Gold Company, Vasantrai M. Gandhi, 60, who
emigrated 20 years ago from Bombay, was carefully weighing a ring, necklace and
bracelet for sale to Raj Kanchwal, 37, who came from Karachi 12 years ago and
runs his own health food store in Forest Hills. Mr. Kanchwal, hunting for gifts
for his wife, found the shop in the Yellow Pages.

"I have a lot of friends who are Indian," said Mr. Kanchwal, whose parents were
among the millions of Muslims who fled India for Pakistan in 1947, as millions
of Hindus emigrated in the opposite direction. Mr. Gandhi, who advertises his
gold store in the Pakistani ethnic press, piped in, "Here there is no difference
except for politics."

Among the second generation, the remaining divisions may fade further. Ritika
Chadha, a 26-year-old accounting student at the State University in Albany who
emigrated from Delhi as a child, still cherishes her ethnic identity, but she is
also influenced by American culture. She admires Mohandas K. Gandhi, the great
Indian leader -- and tellingly, she gleaned some of her impressions of him from
Ben Kingsley's depiction of Gandhi in the 1982 movie.

As she munched on french fries while window shopping along 74th Street one
recent afternoon, she recounted her experiences from a January trip to Delhi.
Her family had hoped she would find a husband while she was there. She was
introduced to three or four young men, but none was quite right. "I was a little
too picky," she said. "I wanted more of a choice."

Indeed, Ms. Chadha had a choice of her own in mind back in New York City: a
Pakistani limousine driver. They are to be married this week, she said.

"My parents are really against it," she said. "I'm Hindu. He's Muslim. But if I
married an American, they wouldn't like it either. I'm a rebel with a cause."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Along 74th Street in Jackson Heights, Indian and Pakistani
immigrants, like their stores, mingle extensively and peaceably. (Librado
Romero/The New York Times); Nitin Vora, in suit, part owner of the Sam and Raj
store in Jackson Heights, and Atif Hasan, the manager. The Indian-owned store
hired Mr. Hasan, a Pakistani, as a salesman in 1978. (Vic DeLucia/The New York
Times)(pg. B1); In preparation for Indian Independence Day celebrations, Kirid
Patel installed miniature Indian flags on telephone poles in Iselin, N.J. (Frank
C. Dougherty for The New York Times)(pg. B3)

Chart: "CELEBRATIONS: Honoring 50 Years of Independence"
These are some of the celebrations marking the 50th anniversary of India's and
Pakistan's independence:

TODAY -- Mosaic '97, Indian folk and classical dance and music. 7:30 P.M.
Tickets: $20, $30, $40, $50. Lincoln Center, Alice Tully Hall.

TOMORROW -- Concert with the Indian singers Kumar Sanu and Kavita Krishnamurthy,
Nassau Coliseum, East Garden City, Long Island, 7:30 P.M.

SUNDAY -- India Day Parade, with Amitabh Bachchan, the Indian movie star, as
grand marshal. Forms at 1 P.M., 41st Street and Madison Avenue, and will move
south down Madison. Food fair at 3 P.M. and cultural program at 4:30, Madison
and 23d Street (Sponsor: Federation of Indian Associations).

AUG. 23 -- Carnival India '97, noon to 10 P.M., Brookdale Park Stadium,
Montclair-Bloomfield, N.J. Food, fortune tellers and fireworks (Sponsor:
Coalition of Indian Organizations, New Jersey).

AUG. 24 -- Pakistan Independence Day Parade, 1 P.M., 41st Street and Madison
Avenue, south down Madison.; 3 P.M., folk music and dancing in Madison Park, 23d
Street and Madison (sponsor not yet determined).

AUG. 30 -- Conference: A political assessment of India on the 50th anniversary
of independence, featuring scholars and experts. Shashi Tharoor, the author,
will be the keynote speaker. 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. Registration: $15. New York
Hilton and Towers, 53d Street and Avenue of the Americas (Sponsor: Global
Organization of People of Indian Origin).

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              939 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

In scandal, mouth matches ego;
Governor's purported behavior stuns even detractors

BYLINE: Susan Saulny, Monica Daveyand Jack Healy - The New York Times Media
Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1262 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Little in Governor Rod Blagojevich's background prepared the people of Illinois
for the man who was revealed in the criminal complaint that has dropped like a
bombshell here. Delusional, narcissistic, vengeful and profane, Blagojevich as
portrayed by federal prosecutors shocked even his most ardent detractors.

''I almost fell over,'' said Cindi Canary, executive director of the Illinois
Campaign for Political Reform and a frequent critic of the governor. ''I was
speechless and sickened.''

President-elect Barack Obama said Wednesday that Blagojevich should resign,
adding his voice to a long list of Illinois political leaders who have urged the
governor to step down after his arrest on accusations of putting Obama's former
U.S. Senate seat up for sale. Several Illinois politicians hoped to strip
Blagojevich of his appointment authority or even to impeach him.

''Under the current circumstances, it is difficult for the governor to
effectively do his job and serve the people of Illinois,'' said Robert Gibbs, an
Obama spokesman.

Legislators will reconvene Monday to address the political fallout from
Blagojevich's arrest and are expected to draft a bill that would call for a
special election to fill Obama's Senate seat, an approach Obama's spokesman
endorsed Wednesday.

A bill could pass as soon as Tuesday. But Blagojevich could veto or delay it,
taking no action at all for as long as 60 days. More than 50 lawmakers have
signed a draft bill to pursue possible impeachment.

Some went further. Mike Jacobs, a Democratic state senator and former friend of
the governor, suggested that Blagojevich may have lost his grip on reality.
''I'm not sure he's playing with a full deck anymore,'' Jacobs said. ''He's so
gifted, but so flawed in a number of fundamental areas.''

Drama and suspicion have long surrounded Blagojevich, a 52-year-old Democrat
known for his quirky love of Elvis and a big black signature hairstyle. Though
he ran for office as a reformer, he has been embroiled for years in a federal
fraud investigation.

More recently, his reputation was badly damaged after the corruption trial of
the political fund-raiser Antoin Rezko, who was convicted in June of fraud and
bribery. Blagojevich's name surfaced repeatedly during the trial, and the
governor's approval rating, according to The Chicago Tribune, has sunk to 13
percent.

Yet, despite what looked like his lead role over many years in a political
theater of the absurdly corrupt, Blagojevich, the seemingly earnest son of a
Serbian steelworker, was not charged with any wrongdoing.

Tuesday changed that. It was not simply the extortion and venality with which he
was charged that left mouths gaping, but the ruthlessness and grandiosity
revealed in the federal wiretap transcripts.

The language he used was more suited to Chicago's old stockyards than to a
government office, according to the affidavit, and the quid pro quo he seemed to
suggest between his power to appoint and the payoff he expected in return was
crassly put. ''I've got this thing,'' Blagojevich said, ''and it's [expletive]
golden. And I'm just not giving it up for [expletive] nothing. I'm not going to
do it. And I can always use it. I can parachute me there.''

The U.S. attorney in Chicago, Patrick Fitzgerald, said that ''Governor
Blagojevich and others were working furiously to get as much money from
contractors, shaking them down, 'pay to play,' before the end of the year,''
when new ethics laws take effect.

Canary, the reform advocate, said that such actions were not part of the classic
style of Chicago corruption.

''He was raised in the old Chicago ward system where the most important
principle is loyalty,'' she said. ''It's about protecting one another, spreading
perks, and earning personal power. It's not about huge personal enrichment.''
But that, according to the 76-page criminal complaint, seems to be exactly what
Blagojevich was after.

He came into office with a very different persona. As a young congressman,
Blagojevich was pegged as a rising star with a populist touch. With proven
likability, he seemed hellbent on pushing reform and cleaning house in a state
with an embarrassingly overt culture of political corruption.

He swept into the governor's office in 2002 mainly on promises that he would
restore integrity after the previous chief executive, George Ryan, was sent to
federal prison for racketeering and fraud.

Blagojevich's big dreams were no secret. The federal complaint suggested that he
had his eyes trained on the presidency in 2016, despite the well-known
investigation under way.

A lawyer for the governor said he has denied any wrongdoing.

Blagojevich's arrest stunned a state that thought it had seen every brand of
corruption, creating doubt over how or when Obama's successor in the Senate
might be selected; it left many wondering who else might yet be implicated in
the governor's brash negotiations.

Obama, who Fitzgerald said was not implicated, said Tuesday that he did not
discuss his Senate seat with Blagojevich. ''I had no contact with the governor
or his office, and so we were not - I was not aware of what was happening,''
Obama said.

Obama has long adroitly straddled the state's bruising politics, but he had long
been estranged from the governor, even though some in his political circle have
had relationships with both of them, including Rahm Emanuel, Obama's chief of
staff.

In conversations with advisers that were recorded by the FBI, the governor
seemed alternately boastful, flippant and spiteful about the Senate appointment,
a federal affidavit showed. At times, he even spoke of appointing himself to the
job.

Blagojevich was released from custody Tuesday on a $4,500 recognizance bond. A
hearing in federal court will be held in January to determine whether there is
probable cause to go forward.

According to the affidavit, Blagojevich considered numerous ways that he might
personally and politically gain from the various unnamed Senate candidates.

Blagojevich was recorded telling an adviser on Oct. 31, before the election,
that he was giving greater consideration to one candidate (described only as
Senate Candidate 5) after an approach by ''an associate'' of that candidate who
offered to raise $500,000 for Blagojevich.

Several people whose names have been suggested publicly as Senate possibilities
did not respond to requests for interviews. Others, including Representative
Jesse Jackson Jr., son of the famed civil-rights leader, issued statements
expressing shock over the accusations but did not answer requests for
interviews.

Jackson met with Blagojevich for 90 minutes on Monday to discuss the Senate
opening. ABC News quoted unnamed sources on Wednesday as saying that Jackson was
Senate Candidate 5 and federal authorities confirmed the report.

Jackson told ABC that he did not know whether he was the anonymous Candidate 5,
adding that federal prosecutors in Chicago advised him he was not a target of
the criminal inquiry. But he said they had asked him to submit to questions
about the selection process by Blagojevich to fill the seat.

In November, Blagojevich asserted to an adviser, the affidavit says, that he
knew whom Obama wanted named as his successor - described in the affidavit as
Senate Candidate 1, a reference apparently to Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser
to Obama - but cursed him in apparent frustration that ''they're not willing to
give me anything except appreciation.'' Jarrett later took her name out of
consideration for the post.

Jack Healy, Steven Greenhouse, Jeff Zeleny, Carl Hulse and David Johnston
contributed reporting.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                         June 22, 1998 - June 28, 1998

SWEET BIRD OF YOUTH

BYLINE: PAUL HARRIS

SECTION: LEGIT REVIEWS; Resident; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 610 words


(Drama revival; Lansburgh Theater; 450 seats; $ 49.50 top)

WASHINGTON A Shakespeare Theater presentation of a play in two acts by Tennessee
Williams. Directed by Michael Kahn. Sets, Michael Yeargan; costumes, Martin
Pakledinaz; lighting, Howell Binkley; music, Adam Wernick; vocal consultant,
Sarah Felder; resident assistant director, Eleanor Holdridge; stage manager,
Martin Lechner. Opened, reviewed May 29, 1998. Running time: 3 HOURS.

Chance Wayne Michael Hayden

The Princess Kosmonopolis Elizabeth Ashley

Boss Finley David Sabin

Tom Jr.  Willis Sparks

Heavenly Finley Elizabeth Sastre

George Scudder Samuel Maupin

Aunt Nonnie Nancy Robinette

Miss Lucy Robin Moseley

Heckler Joseph McKenna

Snuff Jason Nuzzo

Scotty Paul Takacs

Bud David M. Fendig

Violet Laurena Mullins

Edna Jennifer Gerdts

Hatcher Scott Palmer

Fly Sharief Paris

Charles Lawrence Allen

Men in bar Prescott Avirett, Ben Hulan

Patrick Sweetman

Elizabeth Ashley's passionate portrayal of the decaying film star Alexandra Del
Lago highlights a masterful production of Tennessee Williams' powerful "Sweet
Bird of Youth" at D.C.'s Shakespeare Theater. Director Michael Kahn, reuniting
with Ashley 23 years after their Broadway revival of "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,"
has assembled a superb cast for this final production of the theater's season.
It includes an equally deft performance from Michael Hayden as the gigolo,
Chance Wayne, whose pathetic disintegration helps define Williams' treatise on
social and moral decay. Hayden brings extraordinary depth and athleticism to the
multitextured role of the dreamer whose imperial swagger dissolves into
stumbling, drunken despair.

Williams' play, with its semi-autobiographical themes, has drawn decidedly mixed
opinions from critics and audiences since the play's debut in 1959. It is not so
much an examination of human frailties as a celebration of them. The tortured
souls of St. Cloud, residents and interlopers alike, offer vivid portrayals of
their character flaws as the drama unfolds.

The definition of venality in this loathsome ensemble is the bullying political
tycoon Boss Finley. In David Sabin's hands, he's a living embodiment of greed
and avarice as he hacks and wheezes his way to selfish pursuits. Clad in white
suit with a paunch and crimson face, Sabin is a heart attack in motion -
deliciously disgusting.

Other supporting performances are also sharp, including Elizabeth Sastre as the
diseased daughter, Samuel Maupin as the conniving doctor, Nancy Robinette as the
shallow and impressionable sister, Robin Moseley as the vengeful mistress and
Willis Sparks as Finley's vicious son, spoiling to castrate the man who violated
his sister.

But this play really revolves around the film star, and Ashley makes the most of
the meaty role from the moment she awakens from a drunken stupor, demanding
vodka and oxygen, to her final triumphant sashay into a waiting car. In between
is an absorbing look at one of the theater's most self-destructive
personalities.

Ashley's aging movie queen is an enormously entertaining mixture of weakness,
passion and aloofness as she reaches hungrily into her companion's pajamas one
minute and callously dismisses him the next. With her deep voice, purposeful
stride and affected manner, she is in absolute control of Michael Yeargan's
classic seaside hotel bedroom set. Ashley and Hayden play brilliantly off each
other.

Kahn's direction makes the most of the multiple tensions built into the play.
The effect is heightened by Howell Binkley's varied lighting, especially the
silhouettes, and Adam Wernick's moody music.

LOAD-DATE: July 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1998 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday

Committee approves immigrant legislation

BYLINE: Lisa Friedman, Staff Writer

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Taking aim at illegal immigrants across the country, a key House committee
passed legislation Thursday that would make deportations easier and mandate that
all employers check the immigration status of their workers.

In a 23-15 party-line vote, the House Judiciary Committee also defeated an
attempt by Rep. Howard Berman, D-Van Nuys, to include a measure that would have
helped many of the country's 11 million immigrants gain legal status.

The enforcement bill is expected to be considered by the full House next week,
giving Republicans a chance to pass tough border legislation without having to
take a stand on the more controversial legalization aspect of the immigration
debate.

The Senate is expected to act early next year on its own version of immigration
legislation that is likely to address the issue with a guest-worker plan.

But some California lawmakers already are vowing to revolt if the final version
of the bill includes what they dub "amnesty."

"If the guest-worker program comes back, I and many of my friends will feel
betrayed and we're going to go south on our fellow Republicans when they need us
on other issues," warned Rep. Gary Miller, R-Brea.

Meanwhile, Miller, Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-Colo., and other Republicans said they
plan to attach an amendment that would deny citizenship to U.S.-born children of
illegal immigrants.

Under the larger bill by Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., illegal presence in
the country -- now a civil offense -- would become a federal crime.

But, Miller said, "Nobody's going to go to jail. You would be deported."

The meat of the Sensenbrenner bill is the creation of a $360 million
worker-verification system.

Within two years, all employers would be expected to verify the immigration
status of new employees. Certain industry sectors would have three years to
check existing employees, while all other employers would have six years.

The bill also would expand penalties for smuggling and anyone entering the
United States illegally.

While Republicans voted down a guest-worker plan Thursday, many agreed one is
needed.

Berman assailed Republicans for sidestepping the issue and producing an
enforcement-only bill with less than two weeks left in the session.

"It can only be attributed to one of three things: stupidity, political panic or
venality," he said.

Or, he suggested, "Perhaps it's the fear of being Dreier-ized."

Glendora Republican Rep. David Dreier came under fire in his last election
campaign from conservative talk show hosts and anti-immigration groups who
assailed him as soft on illegal immigrants because of his support for a
guest-worker program.

He issued a statement Thursday supporting Sensenbrenner's bill.

Lisa Friedman can be reached by e-mail at lisa.friedman@langnews.comor by phone
at [202] 662-8731. <!-- -->

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              942 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

'Nebraska': Veteran actor embraces the role of a lifetime

BYLINE: By Roger Moore, McClatchy-Tribune News Service

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 537 words


Dylan Thomas taught us all we ever need to know about old age, death and dying:
"Rage, rage against the dying of the light." Woodrow "Woody" Grant makes his
rage a quest. He's 80ish. He's gotten a letter in the mail that tells him he
"may have already won" a million bucks in a magazine sales sweepstakes. And by
God, he's going to get from Billings, Mont., to Lincoln, Neb., to collect it.

There's no talking him out of it. His son tries.

"You haven't won ANYTHING."

His wife nags -- "You dumb CLUCK!"

And since he's too feeble to drive, there's nothing for it but to give the slip
to his doubting family. He'll walk, in early winter, from Montana to Nebraska.

Alexander Payne's bleak, brilliant and bitterly funny "Nebraska" begins with the
image of Woody, played by Bruce Dern in a spot-on, shambling performance,
trudging down a highway in wintry Billings. The cops pick him up and we meet his
long-suffering stereo-salesman son, David (a terrific Will Forte).

We meet Woody's shrill, cranky wife, Kate (June Squibb, who steals the movie).

"You know what I'd do with a million dollars? I'd put him in a home!" David
agrees. But from the start of this story to the end, David and we come to
realize that it's taken a lifetime of hardship, disappointment, trauma and drink
to get Woody to this point.

"You'd drink too, if you were married to your mother," Woody growls. He's going
to Lincoln "if it's the last thing I do c I'm runnin' out of time."

The director of "Sideways" serves up another poignant and hilarious road trip
comedy, with David -- freshly split from his girlfriend -- indulging his dad's
lunacy by driving him to Lincoln. Not much sense in stopping at Mount Rushmore.
But a side trip to Mom and Dad's old hometown -- Hawthorne, Neb. -- pays comic
dividends in this forlorn farce set along America's "You betcha" belt.

Payne, working from a Bob Nelson script, lovingly sums up the milieu of
thousands of dying little rural farm towns whose aging populations are still
social enough to hit the Sodbuster Bar & Grill, but who long ago ran out of much
to say to one another. Woody can't help but share his good news with an old
partner, a character so sharply played by Stacy Keach that he is small-town
venality summed up in one, neat, gregarious package.

The old are sticking around towns like Hawthorne because it's all they've ever
known, and the younger adults we meet -- a generation removed from the hard work
of the farm -- are trapped, overweight and just self-aware enough to be bitter
about it.

David discovers dimensions to his stubborn, addled dad and bullying,
co-dependent mom. Bob Odenkirk plays the small-town TV reporter brother who
doesn't get to make the same internal journey David does.

And Dern, a great character actor who made his mark opposite everyone from
Robert Redford and John Wayne to Jane Fonda, embraces the role of a lifetime. He
only occasionally lets us see the rascal he was through this disheveled,
troubled, reticent wreck of a man. There might be an Oscar nomination for him in
a movie that is, in every sense, a victory lap for a great career -- a lap that
circles and staggers from Billings to Lincoln, with every amusing or melancholy
stop in between.

Rated R for some language.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

EDITORIAL: TEA finally takes action on EPISD

BYLINE: El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 469 words


Aug. 14--The Texas Education Agency took long-overdue steps Monday by lowering
the El Paso Independent School District's accreditation status and requiring the
district to hire an independent firm to examine the systemic failures that
allowed widespread cheating and corruption.

The school board and administration at EPISD have long proved they are incapable
of addressing the massive failings under the leadership of former Superintendent
Lorenzo Garcia. An enfeebled school board allowed Garcia's corruption to run
unchecked, and many current members of the district's senior administration were
undoubtedly complicit in Garcia's schemes. The TEA also played also played a
role in this fiasco by failing to uncover EPISD's failures, despite several
audits. Garcia was able to use TEA's statements of support against critics who
were trying to improve EPISD.

But now, finally, the state agency appears to be fulfilling its role of
overseeing the shattered school district, and hopefully bringing accountability
to those responsible for this disaster.

The state agency is requiring EPISD to hire an external legal or auditing firm
to identify the structural deficiencies that led to the failures and "at a
minimum, suggest structural and procedural improvements and recommend
appropriate personnel actions to the board related to reporting requirements and
staffing changes, including termination of staff as appropriate."

TEA also is assigning a monitor, Judy Castleberry from the San

Antonio-based Region 20 Education Service Center, to assure that the board and
administration comply with the state agency's mandates. This state action, while
necessary, is an embarrassment for El Paso. It also will cost EPISD taxpayers a
substantial amount of money to pay for the monitor as well as the outside firm
to investigate failures, another outside firm to oversee test administration and
security, and additional training for the board, administration and staff.

This embarrassment and additional costs are the responsibility of school board
members and administrators who have utterly failed students, parents and
taxpayers.

Their incompetence and, in some cases, venality have overshadowed the hard work
of thousands of teachers and other EPISD employees who strive every day to make
better the lives of our children.

We once again renew our call for the five EPISD trustees in office while Garcia
was running his schemes to resign. Key administrators such as Interim
Superintendent Terri Jordan and Assistant Superintendent James Anderson also
have to leave, now.

How can they look students and teachers in the eye after their failures have
been so thoroughly documented?

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120814-EY-EDITORIAL-TEA-finally-takes-action-on-EPISD-0814-20120814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              944 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 14, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Writer Spins A 'Wondrous' Mishmash

BYLINE: KEVIN WALKER

SECTION: BAYLIFE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 542 words


By KEVIN WALKER

"The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao," by Junot Diaz (Riverhead, $25)

It isn't that Junot Diaz is the only contemporary author with literary
aspirations who mashes high and low culture into an entertaining mix. It's the
fact he does it so well, and also, yes, the fact he was born in the Dominican
Republic and now lives in the United States, which gives him a very different
set of cultural references than, say, fellow mashers Michael Chabon or Dave
Eggers.

"Oscar Wao" is about all the things that make life go - love, family, power,
money, sex - but Diaz, in his first novel, filters it through lonely, fat nerd
Oscar de Leon, son of a Dominican immigrant growing up in New Jersey. Oscar is
into Dungeons and Dragons, "Akira" and "The Lord of the Rings."

He's not a geeky outcast in his neighborhood. He is the geeky outcast in his
neighborhood. And, poor soul, he's a romantic, falling in love often and hard.
This is a problem since the guy clocks in at more than 300 pounds and no girl
will go near him. He suffers, feeling he has descended into a "moronic inferno."

Oscar is heading for trouble. Diaz plants the seed when he mentions the "curse
and doom put upon the New World" with the arrival of Europeans in the Caribbean.
"We are all of us its children," he writes, "whether we know it or not."

The novel's midsection revolves around the childhood of Beli, mother to Oscar
and his sister, Lola, in the Dominican Republic. Here Diaz begins not only
mixing cultural references with the deftness of a high-end literary bartender,
but also language, mixing Spanish phrases with English (perhaps a metaphor for
the modern smashing of cultural barriers, or perhaps because this is how many
Hispanic-Americans speak in their own neighborhoods).

There are gangsters, corrupt politicos, bloodshed and plenty of drama in this
section. Diaz also turns out phrases that might make Gabriel Garcia Marquez
smile, such as this, describing Beli's co-workers in a Dominican restaurant:

"And then there was Lillian ? whose rancor against the world turned to glee only
when humanity exceeded in its venality, brutality and mendacity even her own
expectations ? and Indian Benny, a quiet, meticulous waiter who had the sad airs
of a man long accustomed to the spectacular demolition of dreams."

In the third section, the narrator, Yunior - who to this point has compared
himself to The Watcher, a comic character who observes but does not interfere -
gets into the act, becoming Oscar's roommate at Rutgers. While the story
somewhat sags, Diaz pulls the reader through with the sheer compulsive nature of
his writing. While he explores mature themes, he also finds interesting ways to
reference such seminal fantasy-science fiction as Stephen King's "The Stand,"
the comics of Jack Kirby and, most significantly, "The Watchmen," a comic series
by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons quoted near the novel's finale.

It took Diaz years to write this novel. Let's hope now he can be as prolific as
the genre writers he so obviously admires.

Kevin Walker is a writer for TBO.com and the Tribune.

Photo: "The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao"

Photo: Junot Diaz

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              945 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                   September 22, 1999 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Boorman's "General" deserves 4-star salute

BYLINE: Jim Keogh; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE REVIEWER

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; MOVIE REVIEW; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 538 words



If Martin Cahill wasn't a real person, the movies would have to invent him.

To his misfortune, John Boorman needed little inspiration to write, produce and
film the tale of the infamous Irish thief whose brash ransackings of jewelry
stores and museums earned him folkloric status before he was gunned down by the
IRA. Boorman, the great director of "Deliverance" and "Hope and Glory," was
reportedly victimized by Cahill, who habitually sauntered through the homes of
the wealthy at night picking them clean, then returning to the loving arms of
his wife and family like a good da punching the clock.

BRAZEN GENIUS

"The General," debuting locally at Cinema 320, is a hip realization of the
Cahill saga. Filmed in black and white but infused with delicate splotches of
color like a hand-painted photograph, the movie boasts the same insouciant
swagger of its antihero.

Martin is the five-star general of his own criminal underworld, so skilled at
what he does that he riles not only the cops but other criminals who envy his
efficiency. When his crew pulls off a major art heist, Martin spends much of the
night sleeping on a bench in the police station so he'll have an airtight alibi.
It's brazen genius; he knows it, the police know it.

CARING AND PSYCHPATHIC

Thankfully, the movie doesn't attempt to psychoanalyze Martin to distraction. We
see flashbacks of him stealing pastries and fleeing the cops; later, in a reform
school, he punches a priest trying to molest him and endures a retaliatory
beating. About all we learn of the effect of these episodes on Martin is his
passion for thumbing his nose at authority police, judges, the church, the IRA.

"The General" surges on the performance of Brendan Gleeson as Martin. His
bearish body gliding gracefully through other people's finery, Gleeson brings an
air of elegance to Martin's venality. He's funny and crude, caring and
psychopathic, and gifted with the ability to commit atrocious acts yet never
fail to find forgiveness for them.

When Martin suspects one of his henchmen of stealing a gold bar, he nails the
screaming sap's hands to a pool table. In the next beat, he's rushing the man to
the hospital, like a mother with a wounded child. Ultimately, the thug is
eternally loyal, even boasting about the scars in his palms.

Boorman has great fun with Martin's contradictions. Martin revels in his
notoriety while professing to loathe it, critiquing his sound bites on
television. He demands fealty from his mates, yet sleeps with his sister-in-law
(Angeline Ball), a relationship sanctioned by his wife (Maria Doyle Kennedy).

BAD THINGS

About the only person Martin can't fool is the local police inspector (Jon
Voight) who promises bad things will befall Cahill if he doesn't mend his ways.
Of course, Martin never heeded the voice of authority, even when it spoke the
truth.

"The General" will be shown at 7:30 p.m. tomorrow and Saturday, and 1 and 3:15
p.m. Sunday in the Jefferson Academic Center at Clark University.

GOOD JOB

THE GENERAL: Written, produced and directed by John Boorman.

A Columbia Tristar release. Brendan Gleeson, Jon Voight, Adrian Dunbar, Sean
McGinley, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Angeline Ball. Rated R.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              946 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 8, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

BOOKS OF THE TIMES;
Down and Dirty in Las Vegas, and Literary to Boot

BYLINE:  By MICHIKO KAKUTANI

SECTION: Section E; Column 3; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1033 words


POSITIVELY FIFTH STREET
Murderers, Cheetahs, and Binion's World Series of Poker
By James McManus
422 pages. Illustrated. Farrar, Straus & Giroux. $26.

Writers have a thing about Las Vegas -- just ask Hunter S. Thompson, John
Gregory Dunne, David Thomson or Mario Puzo. Situated between Paradise and Death
Valleys, that city of fear and loathing and glitter and greed has become
favorite fodder for the metaphor machine, a big shiny mirror held up to the
American Dream: Joan Didion called the city "the most extreme and allegorical of
American settlements," Michael Herr called it the country's "material gulag and
dream terminal" and Noel Coward simply hailed it as a "fabulous, extraordinary
madhouse."

Gambling, that cursed nexus of luck and skill and daring, has also produced its
share of literary works -- think Dostoyevsky, think Jack Richardson -- and so
has poker. The British journalist and biographer Anthony Holden chronicled his
year as a professional poker player in "Big Deal" (1990) and in a now classic
work the English writer A. Alvarez chronicled the 1981 World Series of Poker in
"The Biggest Game in Town" (1983).

In his latest book, "Positively Fifth Street," James McManus, an American
novelist and poet, retraces Mr. Alvarez's footsteps, covering the 2000 World
Series of Poker. The book began as an assignment for Harper's magazine, and it
tells two stories: one, concerning the murder of Ted Binion, an heir to the
Horseshoe Casino (where the World Series of Poker is held), is a Hunter
Thompson-esque tale of wretched excess and the worst sort of Las Vegan venality;
the other is an anti-Thompson-esque tale about a middle-aged husband and father
of four -- i.e. the author -- trying not to give in to the temptations of Sin
City, and trying against all odds to best the professionals in the World Series
of Poker.

Although Mr. McManus does not manage to make these two stories dovetail and
sometimes strains to do so, he has nifty material to work with -- he actually
advances to the finals of the poker tournament -- and he communicates the sweaty
zeitgeist of both the poker competition and the sordid trial that unravels in
the courtroom down the street. His book is more Byzantine than the Alvarez
volume -- full of higher highs and lower lows; more tedious, technical passages;
but more suspense and color as well.

Mr. McManus is the sort of willfully literary writer who is always folding grand
allusions into his narrative: Sandy Murphy, the former topless dancer accused of
conspiring to murder Ted Binion, reminds him of a woman in Beckett's novel
"Murphy"; the sentencing portion of the trial reminds him of the punishments
meted out in Dante's version of hell; and gambling, of course, reminds him of
Dostoyevsky's autobiographical tale "The Gambler." These hifalutin asides,
however, are artfully woven together with funkier descriptions of the tournament
and trial that provide Mr. McManus with ample opportunity to introduce the
reader to a raffish assortment of characters.

The late Benny Binion, who started the poker tournament back in 1970, was
himself a Las Vegas legend -- a man who "by nearly every report," writes Mr.
McManus, was "a warm-hearted, generous family man who happened to savor his
reputation as a cold-blooded killer." A veteran gambler in Texas during World
War II, Benny established himself in Las Vegas with a little help from Meyer
Lansky, and in 1951 took over what had been the El Dorado casino on Fremont
Street and renamed it "Binion's Horseshoe."

Over the years the casino developed a reputation as a "lewd, gaudy, infamous"
place: "people get whacked around here when things don't go right at the
tables," Mr. McManus writes. He continues: "Killers have hosted and won its
World Series; so have hipsters and cowboys, Vietnamese boat people and Irish
carpet manufacturers. Yet somehow the place remains the homey, even venerable
anchor of downtown Las Vegas, the original high-stakes emporium and the last
family-owned casino in America."

To many in Las Vegas, Mr. McManus tells us, "the untamed and savvy traits
blended so formidably in the senior Binion got separated out in his sons": while
Jack proved to be a shrewd businessman, Ted became a hard-living, heroin-using
party animal. In 1998, citing Ted's "drug use, mob connections" and failure to
comply with an earlier suspension, the state's gaming commissioners put him on
theelite list of "Excluded Persons," barred for life from Nevada casinos.

Ted's marriage, meanwhile, had fallen apart, and he had become involved with
Sandy Murphy, the woman who would be accused of murdering him. Ms. Murphy and
her new boyfriend, Rick Tabish, it was charged, had handcuffed Ted at gunpoint,
forced nearly half a liter of tar heroin and a hundred and seven Xanax tablets
down his throat, then performed sex in front of him before suffocating him.

This grisly act is recounted in the prologue to "Positively Fifth Street," but
Mr. McManus does little further reporting on the Murphy-Tabish trial, devoting
the bulk of his book to his own travails in the poker tournament. Though there
is far too much blow-by-blow action for the lay reader -- particularly the
reader not familiar with the somewhat arcane form of no-limit Texas hold'em
practiced in the World Series -- he does an engaging job of chronicling his
underdog efforts to take on the big dogs of professional poker: folks like his
hero T. J. Cloutier, the author of one of the poker books that enabled rank
amateurs like the author to hone his skills in the first place, and the
virtuosic Chris Ferguson, a former stock trader and U.C.L.A. student who
"effortlessly crossbreeds" the traditional poker persona of the Marlboro Man
"with its nonsmoking, more halcyon L.A. component."

In recounting his astonishing march to the finals of the poker tournament, Mr.
McManus captures the adrenaline-juiced tension of the game, and he also captures
the anomalous mix of skill, bravado, gamesmanship and sheer good fortune that a
player needs to succeed; the bantering rivalry and camaraderie that engulf the
survivors; and the knowledge, as Conrad once put it, that "it is the mark of an
inexperienced man not to believe in luck."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: James McManus (Jon Randolph/Farrar, Straus & Giroux)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              947 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                     February 13, 1995 - February 19, 1995

THE QUICK AND THE DEAD

BYLINE: Todd McCarthy; Emanuel Levy

SECTION: REVIEWS

LENGTH: 975 words


Continued from page 47 dramatic constraints imposed upon it by the gun
tournament format. No matter how many fancy ways Raimi invents to stage the
shootouts, the tedium is quick in coming, and there's nothing else going on
between times to build up suspense, character or interest. With her tough,
can-do, manhandling reputation, Stone would have seemed the ideal quick-draw
cowgirl, and she looks great in her dusty leather gear. But it was a crucial
mistake to make her so uptight and scared about her looming confrontation with
Herod; no one's looking for psychological or even behavioral complexity in this
sort of genre confection, just iconographic grace notes and action thrills.
Ellen's weak-heartedness even contradicts the confident way she comports herself
in her few moments of action, resulting in an inconsistently drawn character
even under the cartoonish circumstances. Although laying on the visual
razzle-dazzle and toying with genre conventions, Raimi never finds a proper
tone, wobbling somewhere between modern cool and knowing sendup. Dialogue and
line readings lean seriously toward the contemporary, while special effects are
engineered to produce gee-whiz reactions, particularly a repeated one in which
the camera peers all the way through holes in the bodies of people who have just
been shot. In the sizable role of Herod, Hackman has taken his Oscar-winning
characterization as the mean-spirited sheriff in "Unforgiven" and magnified the
evil tenfold, to near-lampoon effect. DiCaprio has fun as the young upstart who
flirts with Stone, and those playing supporting cretins try to outdo each other
in projecting depraved venality without actually smacking their lips and
twirling their mustaches. Dante Spinotti's camera dexterously swoops and darts
everywhere, and Patrizia von Brandenstein has had great fun in making Herod's
compound look almost like a wicked witch's house. Pic is dedicated to the late
Woody Strode, who makes his final screen appearance here with the briefest of
bits in the early going.  ;BLACK IS ... BLACK AIN'T (DOCU)

A California Newsreel production. Produced, directed by Marlon T. Riggs.
Co-producer, Nicole Atkinson. Co-director, Christine Badgley. Camera (color),
Robert Shepard; editors, Badgley, Bob Paris; music, Mary Watkins; sound, Sekou
Shepard; associate producer, Jasmine Dellal; field producers, Atkinson, Carroll
Parrott Blue, Valerie Grim. Reviewed at Sundance Film Festival (competing), Jan.
22, 1995. Running time: 88 MIN.

"Black Is ... Black Ain't," the final film by Marlon T. Riggs, who died of AIDS
last April, is a provocative docu that probes the complex, ever-changing nature
of black consciousness in American society. Unabashedly polemic in its
exploration of "what is black," this ambitious docu, which won the Filmmakers
Trophy at this year's Sundance Festival, is at times diffuse in scope, but its
undeniable relevance should facilitate a limited theatrical release prior to
wider exposure on TV, cable and in other venues.

Riggs couldn't have left a more effective or challenging legacy to the
African-American community, for his work is a powerful plea to blacks to reunite
-- despite diversity and divisiveness along lines of sex, gender and cultural
nationalism.

What makes this docu unique is the context in which it was produced. In November
1993, Riggs was hospitalized for AIDS-related complications, hence preventing
him from finishing the movie. It's a tribute to his colleagues, Nicole Atkinson
and Christine Badgley, that "Black Is" was completed posthumously from the
footage and notes Riggs left behind. Film assumes an unexpectedly personal
dimension with Riggs' appearance as an onscreen character -- usually seen or
heard from his hospital bed.

"Black Is" is a logical follow-up to Riggs' pioneering works, the Emmy-winning
"Ethnic Notions" (1987), which eloquently documented long-prevailing stereotypes
of black Americans, and "Tongues Untied" (1987), though the new film's canvas is
considerably more expansive. On another level, docu is a vitally combative
response to Patrick Buchanan, who selectively edited a segment of "Tongues
Untied" in his attack on the National Endowment for the Arts' public funding of
the arts.

Combining folk stories, personal interviews, archival material, music and dance,
"Black Is" scrutinizes the contested, often self-canceling perceptions of
blackness through the rich, but until recently untapped, history of
African-Americans. Categories such as "What Is Black?,""Not Black Enough?" and
"Too Black?" organize the footage into segments that are meant to provoke -- and
disquiet -- rather than resolve issues.

Angela Davis is at her most articulate when she says, "We have obsession with
naming ourselves, because for most of our lives we've been named by other
people"; despite the diversity of perspectives, what emerges as a common thread
is the refusal of African-Americans to have an identity imposed on them by
outsiders, i.e., white society. Drawing on recent socio-psychological theories,
most participants hold that identity is not fixed or exclusive, but fluid, open
and based on multiple notions.

Ultimately, Riggs' work offers a black consciousness that stems not so much from
unity but communion, a vision that, rather than ignoring or flattening
differences, accepts and embraces them with an immensely resourceful creativity.

Perhaps Cornell West expresses the idea best when he says, "We've got to
conceive of new forms of community. We have multiple identities and we're moving
in and out of various communities at the same time. There is no one grand black
community."

"Black Is ... Black Ain't" is not just an eloquent tribute to Riggs and an
insightful discussion of black consciousness, but a major contribution to the
exploration of how we develop our identities.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1995 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Hubbard Hall's "The Crucible" penetrates the darkness to find the truth

BYLINE: By Jeffrey Borak jborak@berkshireeagle.com @BE_Theater on Twitter

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 851 words


CAMBRIDGE, N.Y. &GT;&GT; There is a palpable sense of the earth, of earthiness,
in director Jeannine Haass' hit-and-miss production of Arthur Miller's "The
Crucible" at Hubbard Hall Center for the Arts and Education.

Heroism in the hardscrabble, grudgingly yielding atmosphere in Salem, Mass.,
circa 1692, is simply a matter of getting through the day. But the days, and
existence, become fraught as an unstable teenage girl named Abigail Williams (a
credible Catherine Seeley) ignites what becomes an out-of-control frenzy of
rampant charges of witchcraft that leave lives destroyed, reputations and farms
in ruin. Virtually no family is untouched, including that of John Proctor (David
Snider) and his wife, Elizabeth (Erin Ouellette), who sent Abigail packing seven
months earlier after learning John had committed adultery with the sexually
heated, impressionable young girl   an episode for which John is trying to
reclaim his honor and his soul while Abby, whom John has firmly rejected, is
determined to win him back, no matter what the cost. But hell, as it is said,
hath no fury like a woman scorned. Abigail's fury will leave a toll on a
community that, like those around it, is vulnerable to the excesses of
superstition, religious authority, venality, lies. distortion, fear and
narrow-minded thinking.

First produced in 1953, Miller found in the 1692 Salem witch trials the historic
precedent for and embodiment of the perilous hysteria that was gripping America
in 1953   the hearings of the House Committee on Un-American Activities,
convened to expose so-called Communist infiltration and subversion of America's
political, military and cultural institutions, particularly Hollywood.

More than 60 years after its premiere, "The Crucible" stands as a powerful,
deeply resonant work of theater not only because of the moral issues it raises,
but also because of its intensely personal stories   one, in particular, at its
center.

That story has to do with the Proctors, played here by Snider and Ouellette with
riveting intensity, poignancy and unadorned honesty. When Elizabeth is charged
in court, Proctor, knowing what is motivating Abigail, moves to clear Elizabeth
by denouncing Abigail and exposing her, even if that means acknowledging his own
sin in the process. What ensues is a battle for honor, for truth; for bringing
light into a setting that resists light; for doing the right thing, especially
at a time of enormous risk.

Snider's Proctor is a hulking bear of a figure; a god-fearing man who will not
suffer fools or hypocrites gladly; a man of simple means and aims who wants
nothing more than to atone for his sins and reclaim his life with Elizabeth, who
is struggling to trust a man who has fathered their two children, provided for
her, loved her   loves her still   and has yet betrayed her. As played by Snider
and Ouellette, John and Elizabeth's two scenes together get deep under the skin
of Miller's play and gives Haas' production its most emotionally authentic,
haunting moments.

As Reverend Hale. Digby Baker-Porazinski delivers a convincing, well-developed,
shrewdly paced portrayal of a cleric who, unlike most of his peers, allows
reason to lead him to the truth.

Ron Komora is reasonably effective as Salem's spiritual leader, The Reverend
Parris, who is more concerned about creature comforts and self-preservation than
he is about the spiritual needs of his parishoners.

Haas takes a generally orthodox approach to Miller's play, which is fine. Her
biggest miscalculation lies in her misguided color- and gender-blind casting of
Lia Russell-Self   who appears at the beginning of the play as Tituba, a Haitian
housemaid whose secretly observed dancing in the woods with Abigail and the
other girls in the village begins the downward spiral of events   as Judge
Danforth, a fearsome prosecutor who gives lip-service to being fair and
reasonable but is determined to root out moral corruption and evil wherever he
can find it, even if, in truth, it doesn't exist. Beyond raising a host of
questions that challenge one's willing suspension of disbelief, Russell-Self
offers an earnest, hard-working, effortful performance, built on obvious
choices, that lacks nuance and authority.

"The Crucible" has withstood the test of time not only because of its currency
but because it is masterly crafted, rich in language, ideas, and character
qualities that, in this production, are in full array, and then some, whenever
Ouellette, Baker-Porazinksi and especially Snider are on stage.

THEATER REVIEW

What: "The Crucible" by Arthur Miller. Directed by Jeannine Haas

With (principals): David Snider, Erin Ouellette, Catherine Seeley, Ron Komora,
Lia Russell-Self, Digby Baker-Porazinski, Chris Barlow

Designers: Calvin Anderson, lighting and projections; Sherry Recinella.
costumes; Erin Ouellette, make-up

Where: Hubbard Hall Center for the Arts and Education, 25 E. Main St.,
Cambridge, N.Y.

When: Now through May 8. Evenings   Friday and Saturday at 8. Matinees
Saturday and Sunday at 2

Running time: 2 hours 17 minutes

Tickets: $25 (students $10)

How: (518) 677-2495; hubbardhall.org

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 27, 1991

Arts: The naked nation - John Williams travelled across the US, interviewing
crime writers and piecing together a picture of today's America. He talks to
Mike Oldfield

BYLINE: By JOHN WILLIAMS

LENGTH: 1117 words


CRIMINAL CULTURE: 'America is changing. It's changing violently. And crime
novels are like despatches from the front line'

CRIME isn't just a disease - it's a culture. If you're looking for a commentary
on America today look to crime fiction. In particular to the 'new wave' of
writers who, over the past 15 years or so, have chronicled the fortunes of their
nation through the eyes of killers and alcoholic cops, white collar embezzlers
and low-life wise guys, suburban sadists and ghetto godzillas.


Crime fiction has returned to the mean streets of Raymond Chandler's Los
Angeles, John D. MacDonald's Florida, Ross Macdonald's California.

It's a virus spreading to

Elmore Leonard's Detroit, Sara Paretsky's Chicago, George V. Higgins' Boston.
Sometimes they haven't even got round to paving the streets yet, as in James Lee
Burke's Southern Louisiana, Tony Hillerman's New Mexico, James Crumley's
Montana.

To tie these locations together, British writer and critic John Williams
travelled around the US interviewing crime writers on their home territory, a
journey described in his book Into The Badlands.

Says Williams: 'Their books all had something to say about the place about which
they were written and I wondered, if I went from Miami, to Detroit, to New York,
whether I would end up with something that gave a sense of America as a whole .
. . a kind of joining-the-dots exercise.'

The picture that emerged is of America at a turning point. 'The Establishment
wants to look back to the 1950s, to go back to a mythic idea of Jimmy Stewart
and white picket fences. Yet that picture is just not holding. America's now
this huge debtor nation with huge non-English-speaking populations. The place is
changing - and it's changing violently. The crime novel is at the front of that.
It's like despatches from the front line.'

Doesn't it seem kinda dangerous wandering around the battlefield with only an
English accent for protection? Williams laughs. 'Obviously you don't run into
people shooting each other wherever you go. A lot of what I encountered was no
more threatening than parts of London. Somewhere like Chicago is full of grim
ghettoes but no different in essence from the North Peckham Estate. Just the
quantity of it and the absolute racial divide.'

The Peckham estate's Chicago equivalent, Cabrini Green, is a place Sara
Paretsky's female private eye VI Warshawski tries to avoid. Like her creator,
VI's concerns stretch wider than the inner city - to white collar crime, the
venality of private hospital corporations, the struggle at ground level between
pro-and anti-abortion campaigners.

The subject of Blood Shot (published in Britain as Toxic Shock) is chemical
pollution and, Paretsky drives Williams to one of the book's key locations, a
nightmare of man-made devastation called Dead Stick Pond, and points out the
hundreds of rare birds that come there to feed.

This paradox, of natural beauty surviving, even thriving, despite corporate
America's best efforts to make it turn a profit, is a common theme of those
crime writers based outside the urban centres. Their heroes are often eco-minded
and determined to protect the traditions of regional life.

They are rarely, however, well meaning wimps. These are environmentalists who
back up their beliefs with a semi-automatic and a hunting jacket stuffed with
spare clips. Stand up James Crumley's hard-drinking, coke-snorting Montana-based
private eye Milo Milodragovitch.

'Among all the writers I interviewed Crumley is a personal favourite,' says
Williams, 'although he's only produced four novels in 20 years.' And it's not
hard to see why as Williams tracks down the author through the bars of Missoula
and joins him in the latest chapter of what appears to be a lifetime binge.

'There's a frontier spirit in Montana, an idea that you have the God-given
inalienable right to drive around in your pick-up with a gun and a six-pack.
Crumley is the most romantic of the writers I met.'

The funniest is probably Carl Hiaasen . . . assuming your taste in humour is
sick. Double Whammy, for instance, features a greedy TV evangelist and a guy
with a dead pit bull terrier stuck to his arm. Aside from being a novelist,
Hiaasen is also a crusading, no-nonsense Miami newspaper columnist. 'Is this the
drug capital of America?' he asks rhetorically. 'Of course it is!'

Williams' stay in a Miami Beach motel, in an area helpfully dubbed 'Crack
Street', gave him his own perspective on the drugs trade. 'Opposite was a small
park where a bunch of sorry-looking derelicts would sell things to people who
stopped by in cars. In the middle of this you'd have 70-year-old retired Jewish
couples pushing their shopping trolleys. Two worlds seem to co exist, each
seemingly invisible to the other.

'The places that are really terrifying are not the Miami Beaches, but the middle
of the ghettoes: bleak, endless rows of dilapidated bungalows roamed by
teenagers with machine-guns. They're not photogenic. They're not even
interesting. They're just angerous. These are not places I was going to hang out
in - nor, it has to be said, do novelists hang out in them either.' But most do
have some experience of crime through their previous occupations - as lawyers,
journalists, even criminals.

'Their experiences have taught them that American society cannot be divorced
from crime. After all, the country started with a bunch of people who came over
from Europe and basically stole it from the people who had it in the first
place. How do you write about America without writing about crime?'

Williams' own introduction to American crime came when a friend suggested he
should check out Elmore Leonard. 'I read Stick faster than I'd read anything for
years. Even though it was America, it was a world that was familiar to me.'

Leonard is probably the best-known of the 'new wave' crime writers, although the
others are catching up fast. Sara Paretsky's novels are about to be filmed with
Kathleen Turner playing VI, and Robert Redford is filming Tony Hillerman's
novels set in the tribal lands of New Mexico.

Williams' own future plans include co-writing a true crime book about a recent
killing in Cardiff . . . and maybe joining the burgeoning ranks of new wave
British crime writers.

'If Elmore Leonard can write about the mean streets of Detroit there's no reason
why Mike Phillips or Russell James or Sarah Dunant or whoever can't write about
the mean streets of Tottenham or Holloway.

'After all,' he adds bleakly, 'guns and crack aren't getting any less popular in
Britain, are they?'

Into The Badlands is published by Paladin at pounds 5.99.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              950 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 12, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Bill Crow on the Jazz Life: Drink Deep and Enjoy

SECTION: Sunday Arts; N05

LENGTH: 359 words


JAZZ ANECDOTES

By Bill Crow

Oxford University. 1991 reissue. $16.95.

If you believe that summer reading is supposed to be fun, as most readers
apparently do, then run don't walk to "Jazz Anecdotes" (Oxford University, 1991
reissue, $16.95 paperback) by the noted bass player Bill Crow, the most vivid
portrait of the jazz life  --  not to mention the funniest  --  you'll ever
find.

Ah yes, the jazz life. Here's Eddie "Lockjaw" Davis explaining how, as a kid, he
decided to become a jazz musician: "By watching musicians I saw that they drank,
they smoked, they got all the broads and they didn't get up in the morning. That
attracted me." As indeed it has attracted countless thousands in the more than a
century since notes from Buddy Bolden's trumpet first wafted over New Orleans.
It's la vie boheme and then some, a lot more boheme than anything Giacomo
Puccini ever dreamed up. To be sure, in recent years the jazz life has quieted
down as the music has moved from the boozy, smoky nightclub to the impeccable
concert hall, but "Jazz Anecdotes" provides a vivid picture of what it once was.

As the stories Crow tells remind us, the gift for improvisation that jazz
demands of its musicians carries over into the way they talk. Here, to whet your
appetite, are a few examples: Woody Herman, asked if his band could play "Jewish
music," replied: "We have some arrangements by Al Cohn." Cohn, asked by a
panhandler for a dollar to buy a drink: "Wait a minute. How do I know you won't
spend this on food?" Cohn again, invited to try a European brand, Elephant Beer:
"No, I drink to forget." Eddie Condon, explaining the difference between modern
and traditional jazz: "They flat their fifths. We consume ours."

As this makes plain, there's a lot in "Jazz Anecdotes" about drinking. Like it
or not, it comes with the territory. So does plenty else: "bandstand stories,
road stories, jam-session stories, bandleader stories, tales about innocence and
venality, serendipity and catastrophe." It's an absolutely wonderful book,
indeed the only drawback is that reading it will make your summer go much too
fast.

--  Jonathan Yardley, book critic

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              951 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                       August 18, 2008 - August 24, 2008

OFF JACKSON AVENUE

BYLINE: RONNIE SCHEIB

SECTION:  REVIEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 600 words


A Goltzius Prods. presentation, in association with the Group Entertainment, of
a Goltzius production. Produced by Michiel Pilgram. Executive producer, Gill
Holland.
Directed, written by John-Luke Montias. Camera (color, Super 16-to-HD), George
Gibson; editor, Michiel Pilgram; music, Ed Tomney; production designer, Tamar
Gadish; art director, Elizabeth Ralston; costume designer, Sandra Alexandre;
sound, Justin Gray; sound designer, Chen Harpaz; casting, Mary Clay Boland,
Catherin Zambri. Reviewed at New York Latino Film Festival, July 24, 2008.
Running time: 79 MIN.


With: Jessica Pimentel, Aya Cash, Stivi Paskoski, John-Luke Montias, Jun
Suenaga, Gene Ruffini, Clem Cheung, Daniel Oreskes, Judith Hawking, Jim Tooey.
(English, Russian, Spanish, Cantonese, Mandarin, Japanese, Albanian dialogue)

A Mexican woman sold into sexual slavery, a local car thief with dreams of
respectability and a Japanese English-language teacher who moonlights as an
assassin unknowingly race toward a single denouement across the international
no-man's-land of Queens in "Off Jackson Avenue." John-Luke Montias' freewheeling
multistrander sends three stories hurtling toward a collision all the more
satisfying for being visible a mile off. Though pic is downbeat and defiantly
low-budget, its laid-back absurdist tone and no-nonsense pacing make for an
audio-visual delight. Unfortunately, lack of hooks or name thesps may relegate
this indie gem to cable viewing.
Olivia (Jessica Pimentel), lured to New York from Mexico with the offer of a
restaurant job, finds herself imprisoned in a clapboard bordello, forced to
service a steady stream of johns (cue rapid-fire montage of sweaty, straining
men). Her horror at her captors' cruel venality is matched by her incredulity at
the passive acceptance displayed by the house's other enslaved playthings.
The house is one of a franchise run by Albanian pimp Milot (Stivi Paskoski),
whose recent success has dethroned Chinese mob boss Eddie Chang (Clem Cheung) in
the prostitution racket. Enter Tomo (Jun Suenaga), the Japanese hitman Chang has
hired, much to the stammering awe of Chang's four young henchmen.
Multinational fruitcakes aside, Montias' version of Queens boasts its own fair
share of pathetically realistic oddball natives: Joey (helmer Montias), a
small-time car thief as gullible as he is self-deluded, bickers with his live-in
uncle, Jack (Gene Ruffini), over the best methods to pursue upward mobility.
Montias, whose debut opus, "Bobby G Can't Swim," enjoyed considerable critical
(if not commercial) success, has crafted another simple-seeming film about
relatively ordinary people in jeopardy who make do with limited options. Olivia,
cracking under constant exploitation, attacks her cop john (Jim Tooey) not with
his bedside gun, but with the porcelain top of the jerry-rigged house toilet.
Unlike Quentin Tarantino's self-styled poseurs, Montias' characters lack even
movie savvy, their options constrained by immediate circumstances and their own
imaginations. Yet Montias endows his creations with a knack for taking off in
unexpected directions within the most apparently circumscribed setups.
The ultimate coincidence pile-up --- which occurs "Off Jackson Avenue" ---
unfolds with a precisely choreographed inevitability that still feels
spontaneous. Even Joey, the designated wild card in the deck considering his
ability to hijack any vehicle, never chooses the expected conveyance as pic
careens towards wrap-up, ending somewhere between a whimper and a bang.
George Gibson's Super 16 lensing lends a quasi-documentary tactility to the
proceedings.


LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 23, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MIGHTY RIVER AT FULL FLOOD;
FASCINATING HISTORY OF '27 DISASTER

BYLINE: Reviewed By Harry Levins

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. 05D

LENGTH: 767 words



RISING TIDE

By John M. Barry

524 pages, Simon & Schuster, $ 27.50

WHEN THE WATERS RECEDE

By Dan Guillory

101 pages, Stormline Press, $ 15 (paper)

*****

SOUTH OF Cairo, Ill., the Great Flood of '93 simply petered out. So vast is the
Mississippi River past its juncture with the Ohio that the channel can easily
swallow a mere million cubic feet a second.

Imagine, then, what kind of flood it takes to devastate the Lower Mississippi.
That's the kind of flood that hit Mississippi, Arkansas and Louisiana 70 years
ago, in April 1927.

In the end, the flood covered an area the size of New England (minus Maine). The
official human loss was 246; unofficially, the total may have topped 1,000. It
brushed the lives of close to a million Americans.

And, says author John Barry in "Rising Tide," its effects are still being felt
today. His book, as wide in scope as the river at full flood, lists those
effects. Among other things, he says, the flood:

*  Expanded Americans' opinions of what the federal government owed its people.

*  Hastened the outpouring of blacks from the sharecropper farms in the South to
the cities of the North.

*  Helped to elect Herbert Hoover as president - and began turning blacks away
from their long allegiance to the Republican Party.

Obviously, the book reaches far beyond a journalistic recounting of the Flood of
'27. In time alone, it extends from the era just after the Civil War to our own
day. In subject matter, it probes deeply into such varied topics as hydrology,
sociology, economics, geography, immigration, politics and race relations - all
of which play key parts in Barry's story.

At times, Barry seems to range too widely. What, for example, could St. Louis'
James Buchanan Eads (of Eads Bridge fame) have to do with a 20th-century flood
far to the south? Why does Barry spend so much time on the history of the
aristocratic elite of New Orleans and the economics of sharecropping in the
Mississippi Delta? What does all of that matter?

A lot, as it happens - too much to detail in a review, but enough to make
reading this well-written book a fascinating excursion into the past. (Buchanan,
for example, quarreled with the Army Corps of Engineers over the value of levees
- a quarrel that persists to our day.)

Mind you, Barry devotes the meat of the book to the '27 flood itself. One of his
most suspense-filled stretches concerns the decision to save New Orleans by
dynamiting a rural levee. Barry proves, at least to my satisfaction, that New
Orleans would have been saved anyway. All that dynamiting the levee did was
allow New Orleans to display its arrogance and venality.

Barry details an unpleasant slice of history that has been no secret to blacks:
the detention in a "concentration camp" (yes, they used that term) in
Greenville, Miss., of black farmhands, all to prevent the cheap labor from
fleeing north.

Even so, the blacks slipped away, and an era passed - an era symbolized by LeRoy
Percy, a Mississippi Bourbon who tried to do the right thing (if for the wrong
reasons) for blacks.

Barry meanders into long, descriptive stretches about people like Percy.  And if
some of the discourse has little direct bearing on the flood - well, all of it
contributes in the end, if only to a finely drawn sense of time and place.

"Rising Tide" is a dandy piece of history.

*****

Illinois writer Dan Guillory concentrates on the aftermath of the Great Flood of
'93 in his slender paperback volume of loosely connected essays, "When the
Waters Recede."

Guillory teaches English at Millikin University in Decatur, and some of his
writing strains and stretches toward literature, without ever quite getting
there.

I thought Guillory was at his best when he stepped out of the picture and
concentrated on other people - such flood figures as Sheriff Ben Picou of
Randolph County, Ill.

Alas, all too often, his book meanders off into river-of-consciousness,
first-person prose. (And overstatement. He writes that the Gateway Arch was
"miraculously spared." Huh?)

Still, residents of the Illinois communities he surveys - including Kaskaskia
Island, Chester and Valmeyer - will appreciate his salute to their spirit.

And all of us who outlasted the Great Flood of '93 can nod in agreement at his
observation after Dan Rather and all the rest go home, "Everyone forgets." He
adds: "Books like this one are written to save what would otherwise have been
lost."

John Barry will sign his book at 7 p.m. April 16 at The Library Ltd., 7700
Forsyth Boulevard.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo - Book Cover of "Rising Tide - The Great Mississippi Flood
of 1927 and How It Changed America  By John M. Barry

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              953 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 13, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

State to Pay In Case of Man Wrongly Held

BYLINE:  By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 824 words


The State of New York will pay $3.25 million to settle a lawsuit filed on behalf
of a mentally ill homeless man whose arrest in Los Angeles and bungled
identification by the authorities led to his mistaken two-year imprisonment in
New York, lawyers said yesterday.

The case highlighted the flaws in the handling of inmates as they enter the
state prison system, particularly mentally ill prisoners who are not always able
to speak for themselves.

As part of the settlement, which must be approved by a Federal District Court
judge in Manhattan, New York officials have also written a letter of apology to
the victim, Kerry Sanders, 34, and his mother, who conducted a futile two-year
search for her son after his disappearance from the streets of Los Angeles in
1993.

Mr. Sanders, who had no criminal record, was misidentified by the authorities as
a fugitive drug dealer from New York, Robert Sanders, with the same birth date.
The authorities did not compare fingerprints and photographs, and ignored Mr.
Sanders's repeated assertions that his name was not Robert, contending that his
claims were signs of mental illness. Mr. Sanders was finally released in 1995,
after the arrest of the real fugitive in Cleveland.

"I would like to apologize for Mr. Sanders's wrongful incarceration based upon
the mistaken belief that he was someone else," wrote Glenn S. Goord, the state
commissioner of correctional services, in a letter dated yesterday.

Mr. Goord also apologized to Mr. Sanders's mother, Mary Sanders Lee, for the
"loss of her son's companionship during that time."

After her son's disappearance, Ms. Lee undertook an arduous and ultimately
fruitless search for her son through the gang-infested streets of South Central
Los Angeles, interviewing shopkeepers, homeless people and gang members.

Mr. Sanders, who has schizophrenia and is now living in a group home in Los
Angeles, said in a brief telephone interview that he was gratified by the
settlement.

"I heard about it," he said. "I feel all right about it."

His mother, who is also his legal guardian, added: "New York did my son
injustice, and we got our justice. I don't think it should go any farther than
that."

Mr. Goord also wrote in the letter, "Although it cannot alleviate the harm you
have suffered, I hope it is at least of some comfort to you to know that at my
direction, a series of improvements have been made in our identification
procedures."

He cited a new policy of immediately fingerprinting all escapees who have been
recaptured, and matching those prints against the originals; ordering
correctional officers who pick up prisoners in other states to carry the
original fingerprint identification cards; and installing computer-based
scanners in prisons so fingerprint checks can be made quickly.

State officials said no disciplinary action had been taken against any prison
employees who were involved in Mr. Sanders's case at Green Haven, the
maximum-security prison in Stormville, N.Y.

A correctional services spokesman, James B. Flateau, said: "The commissioner's
feeling was that as unfortunate as the outcome was, there was no venality on the
part of any employees. It was just an incredible confluence of events that we
had never before seen happen."

One of Mr. Sanders's lawyers, Benjamin Schonbrun of Los Angeles, said he was
astonished by the lack of disciplinary action or reprimands.

"It tells me that the policy makers at the New York State Department of
Correctional Services are doing what bureaucrats always do, which is try to
resolve an embarrassing situation for them without any accountability," Mr.
Schonbrun said.

An article in The New York Times Magazine last year detailed Mr. Sanders's
traumatic experience, how the state battled a lawsuit filed on his behalf, and
the consistent lack of sympathy to his protests.

One prison therapist has said Mr. Sanders told him as many as 75 times, "I don't
know why I'm here." The therapist told him to write to the prison
superintendent.

A prison psychiatrist who treated Mr. Sanders said that given his mental
problems and homelessness, he was better off in prison. "He should say, 'Thank
you, for two years you guys treated me very nicely,' " the psychiatrist, Dr.
Edward Y. Chung, said in a deposition.

(Dr. Chung still practices in the system, though not at Green Haven, a spokesman
said.)

Told of the settlement, Robert Gangi, executive director of the Correctional
Association of New York, a prison monitoring group, said, "It's definitely a
worst-case kind of scenario, and at the same time it reflects the lack of
attention and lack of resources that the state devotes to prison mental health
services."

Dr. Stuart Grassian, a Harvard Medical School psychiatrist, said that falsely
imprisoning Mr. Sanders, already a victim of schizophrenia, probably exacerbated
his fragile mental state. "That's the horrible thing about doing this kind of
thing to someone so vulnerable," Dr. Grassian said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kerry Sanders

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              954 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    March 30, 1989, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Suddenly, ecology is politically sexy

BYLINE: Allan Fotheringham

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 11, MY OWN KEY

LENGTH: 710 words


  Back in 1972, shortly after the earth cooled, your agent shared an office at
the Vancouver Sun with Bob Hunter, a long-haired unkempt young man who was
Canada's first counter-culture columnist.

He was always full of causes and this time it was the environment.

At a basement meeting to form a protest organization, chairman Hunter ended the
meeting with the catch phrase of the day. ''Peace,'' he said to his audience.
Someone yelled from the throng: ''Make it a green peace'' - and so was born the
organization that is now a worldwide ecology body.

Bob Hunter and Greenpeace come to mind as the farce, the tragedy, the
self-fulfilling prophecy of the Exxon Valdez fouls Alaska and drifts toward
British Columbia.

It's exactly as Greenpeace predicted long ago.

Hunter and friends tried to stop nuclear testing in the Aleutian Islands. They
fought the French navy in the South Pacific, have practically put an end to the
killing of the whales, stopped the seal hunt and have made millions think about
the fragility of the planet.

Having done those things, they can probably be excused for not knowing that a
multibillion concern like Exxon can be so stupid and so uncaring as to let a man
with a clear drinking problem sleep in his cabin while his 300-yard-long craft
is steered by an unqualified third mate.

They can - and did - predict the rest. How governments care so little they will
lie and cheat, and even kill people, over casual things like the environment.

HOOKED BY GREENPEACE

Dave McTaggart, a one-time playboy athlete from the better section of Vancouver
who was the Canadian badminton champion before being hooked by Greenpeace, was
beaten up by French sailors in the Pacific on a protest cruise and nearly lost
an eye.

He fought for a decade in French courts before the government finally admitted
culpability.

French intelligence agents blew up a Greenpeace ship in New Zealand and killed a
photographer in a James Bond-like mission. The French government denied all
until they were caught - and then admitted all it had been denying.

So the venality of Exxon, giving such responsibility to a captain who has had
his driving license suspended three times for drunken driving, might not
surprise the Greenpeace boys at all. They have seen everything.

They have seen the politicians who at first were so sloppy about environmental
regulations now suddenly finding that the subject is politically sexy.

Time magazine makes the endangered planet its ''Man of the Year'' and Premier
Bill Vander Zalm, in political trouble at home, flies to Alaska in a spurious
show of concern.

President George Bush, accused of having a new government that is wandering
around in a policy-empty haze, suddenly decides days after the accident that
some publicity can be milked, is photographed in his office intently examining a
map and despatches three top officials to the site as saddened fishermen take
over the clean-up, Exxon having admitted failure.

The locals in Valdez are still stunned at the lackadaisical Exxon response.
After hitting one rock, the fill-in third mate who wasn't qualified to be in
those waters continued for 15 minutes more before going aground. It was hours
before the tanker reported the seriousness of the damage.

One gets the distinct impression that the oil giant regards such ''accidents''
as a cost of doing business, covered by insurance.

Just as the same U.S. government, now in a state of televised agitation, knew
long ago that such spills were inevitable considering the risky route it
approved for monster tankers through these dangerous passages.

A six-volume report prepared by the U.S. Department of the Interior quite flatly
predicted that there would be a collision or grounding every year.

Spooked by OPEC, Washington decided to take that risk (that is, accept the
inevitable) and okayed the route anyway, as helpless British Columbians feared
the worst.

Their fears were well-founded, as witness the oil from a tanker spill that
fouled Vancouver Island beaches in December.

And the year that report was handed to a Bush predecessor? It was five years
before the first tanker left Valdez - 1972, the year Greenpeace was founded.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              955 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             April 3, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Rally sounded a warning. Is anybody listening?; Island's old-growth forests
continue to disappear while governments do little

BYLINE: Chris Genovali, Special to Times Colonist

SECTION: VOICES; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 802  words


It was heartening to see the strong show of support for Vancouver Island's
dwindling old growth forests ("Logging protesters circle legislature," Times
Colonist March 29) at the rally over the weekend.

The Western Canada Wilderness Committee should be commended for some incredible
grassroots organizing in staging the event. Let's keep our fingers crossed that
Clayoquot Sound campaign veteran Valerie Langer's assessment that "it's a sign
of a growing, active movement that we haven't seen for a long time" is indeed
true.

Standing on the road at the blockades in Clayoquot Sound almost 15 years ago, I
couldn't help but feel an expectation of real change on the horizon, and that
hope for a different future for the Island's old-growth forests was pulsing and
alive.

But in 2008, looking back, absolutely nothing has changed with regard to the
management (or rather mismanagement) of the Island's forests. Successive
governments, regardless of party affiliation, have continued to facilitate the
liquidation of the Island's remaining old growth, as their lack of vision has
translated into enormous swaths of denuded wilderness, trashed salmon streams
and degraded habitat for carnivores and their prey.

The Ministry of Environment has acknowledged that the Island's cougar and wolf
populations have been in decline as a result of a drop in the deer population,
which is linked to the clearcut logging of old-growth forests and accompanying
habitat loss and fragmentation. Scientific studies published by the United
States Forest Service in the temperate rainforests of southeast Alaska have
shown that "short-rotation clearcut logging of old growth forests ... will
reduce habitat capability for Sitka black-tailed deer. This conclusion is
supported by an extensive body of research spanning thirty years on forest
succession following logging, silvicultural practices, deer-habitat relations
and nutritional ecology of deer."

If you want to get a real perspective on how devastated this island's forests
are, fly up the spine of Vancouver Island in a small plane. The long parade of
clearcuts stand as a grim testament to the avarice of the corporate logging
industry and the venality of the Ministry of Forests.

But the entity that might be most responsible for this devastation is arguably
the Association of British Columbia Professional Foresters. The association
cannot escape complicity; their silence has been deafening as the destruction
continues to roll along. "Professional forester" has to rival "sustainable
development" as the definitive oxymoron of the last two decades.

The heart of the Island's rainshadow, the Douglas fir and Garry oak ecosystems,
already logged into museum-piece status, are on the verge of becoming "ghost
forests" as they are further reduced by commercial and residential development
to a minute fraction of what they once were. Throughout the Island's coastal
rainforests western red cedar is being targeted, high-graded and mined to meet
international market demand, primarily in the United States where close to 80
per cent of B.C.'s red cedar ends up.

According to WCWC, LandSat satellite photos from 2004 show about 75 per cent of
Vancouver Island's old-growth forests have already been logged. And as we all
know, the clearcutting hasn't stopped during the intervening years.

Anyone familiar with the mostly hammered landscapes of Oregon and Washington can
see that the logging on Vancouver Island is as bad or worse as anything to be
seen in the American Pacific Northwest. The so-called second growth "wall of
wood" promised for the Island by industry and government spin doctors has never
materialized. Did anyone ever actually believe in such a far-fetched pipe dream
or was it simply another cynical platitude deliberately injected into the debate
in order to pacify and bemuse the public?

As the wasteland of battered ecosystems is being flipped for development, tracts
of clearcut wilderness have become lucrative real estate as they morph into
paved-over subdivisions. The Ministry of Forests appears keen to enable this
conversion as witnessed by their push to "delete" 28,000 hectares of land from
tree farm licences on the Island and opening it up to real-estate speculators.
The "Californication" of Vancouver Island is well underway. But maybe that was
the hidden agenda all along.

The scars on the land are proof that the mechanisms for managing the Island's
forests are broken. The rally at the legislature identified steps to halt the
systemic dysfunction; ban raw log exports, move to an ecologically based
second-growth forest economy and most importantly, stop logging Vancouver
Island's remaining old-growth forests.

Hopefully, someone in that big grey building was listening last Saturday.

Chris Genovali is the executive director of Raincoast Conservation.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

A tough bargain but legal: judge's view of Lehman takeover: No misconduct in
Barclays buyout of US operations Claims of improper $11bn windfall rejected

BYLINE: Simon Bowers

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 606 words


Claims that Barclays illegally took advantage of the pandemonium in financial
markets in 2008 in order to acquire the US operations of bankrupt investment
bank Lehman Brothers at an unfair price have been thrown out by a New York
bankruptcy court.

Describing the sale process as "imperfect, but still adequate under the
exceptional circumstances", Judge James Peck rejected a claim brought by lawyers
overseeing the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy estate.

Shares in Barclays responded to the ruling by rising in early trading, but
closed just under 1% down at 319p as markets retreated owing to the Libyan
crisis.

Ian Gordon, a bank analyst at Exane BNP Paribas, said: "Barclays is to be
congratulated for its steadfast approach throughout this long-running saga.
Whereas one might be tempted to suggest that this was a speculative action which
was always bound to fail, we have no doubt that the unquantified litigation risk
weighed heavily in the minds of many would-be Barclays investors."

Claimant lawyers had alleged Barclays engaged in dishonest and abusive behaviour
during the sale process which led to the bank improperly receiving an $11bn
(£6.8bn) windfall from the deal. One of their central allegations was that
Lehman bankers hurriedly putting sale valuations on the failed banks' assets may
have been influenced by the prospect of future employment with Barclays.

But, in a 103-page ruling, Peck dismissed these claims, finding that Barclays
had acted in good faith throughout: "The court does not believe any Lehman
employees breached their duties of loyalty to the estate because of the prospect
of future employment or as a consequence of signing lucrative employment
contracts with Barclays. That aspect of the movants' (claimants') case is built
on a faint aroma of venality and conflicted loyalty, but no breach of duty or
other misconduct was demonstrated."

Claimants had pointed out that the sale valuation process had seen the Lehman
assets acquired by Barclays marked down from $70bn to $47.4bn. Peck found that,
while Barclays was clearly "pressing hard for the very best deal it could get",
it had acted in good faith. The valuations, he ruled, were uncertain but had not
been shown to be a material understatement of likely fair market values at that
extraordinary time.

He suggested the claimants' case was based on hindsight valuations and described
the Barclays deal as "the largest, most expedited and probably the most dramatic
asset sale . . . in bankruptcy history". He reminded the court that, at the
time, the sale - conducted at "a speed that takes ordinary transactional coping
skills to the breaking point and beyond" - was "regarded by many as an
admirable, even heroic, achievement".

The judge added: "The perception. . . was that the transaction with Barclays
benefited all interested parties, mitigated systemic risk and helped to save
every one of us from an even greater economic calamity. Nothing in the
voluminous record presented to the court in these protracted proceedings has
done anything to change that undeniably correct perception."

He said Barclays' determination to secure a deal that would bolster its capital
base was a legitimate and understandable commercial position to take.

"The impact of the transaction was enormous for both parties. For Lehman, it
meant a going concern sale that would save the jobs of about 10,000 employees
and allow for the orderly transfer of customer accounts, thereby minimising
further market disruptions. For Barclays, it was a strategic acquisition that,
virtually overnight, would enable it to become a leading player in the north
American capital markets."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              August 21, 1997, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

At strike's end

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 731 words



The settlement of the Teamsters' strike against United Parcel Service won  more
full-time jobs and higher pay for the 185,000 drivers, loaders and  sorters who
walked picket lines for two weeks. It also energized organized  labor - at least
temporarily - and focused public attention on the issue of  part-time jobs. But
whether the strike marks a turning point in the fortunes  of organized labor, as
some union officials are saying, is far from certain.

After years of declining membership and few victories on the picket line,
organized labor has earned the right to crow a little. After all, the  Teamsters
won not only most of their demands at the bargaining table but the  battle for
public opinion. But to proclaim that the agreement represents a  "new era" for
organized labor, as Teamsters president Ron Carey did, is  premature at best.
This strike did not resolve a fundamental issue at the  center of
labor-management disputes in the '90s: How in a global economy to  reconcile
U.S. businesses' need for a competitive and flexible work force with  the
demands of American workers for decent wages and job security.

The Teamsters used the part-time job issue to tap into the growing public
resentment of some of the recent trends in corporate America - downsizing,
independent contractors, temporary jobs, stagnant wage growth for workers and
extravagant compensation for top executives. They gave the issue a human face  -
those friendly, hard-working UPS drivers - and it is no wonder opiniona  large
majority of Americans on the side of the UPS workers.

Part-time work is a legitimate issue, but it is not as a simple as the
Teamsters' rhetoric suggested. UPS is not a typical company. Because of the
nature of its business - delivering packages - it more than most companies has
a legitimate need for part-time workers. While most of the new UPS jobs in
recent years have been part time, that is not true for the U.S. economy as a
whole. Contrary to popular belief, the percentage of Americans holding
part-time jobs - about 18 percent of workers - has not changed significantly  in
the past two decades. Many of them, including students, retirees and  mothers
with small children, say they prefer part-time employment. According  to the
most recent survey by the U.S. Labor Department, fewer than 5 percent  of the
nation's workers say they work part time because they could not find  full-time
jobs.

But this should not blur the fact that many part-time workers are paid  less,
receive fewer benefits and often are given less training than full-time
employees. If nothing else, the UPS strike has focused attention on the plight
of these workers and reminded corporate employers that the public cares about
how workers are treated.

The Teamsters, a union better known for venality and scandal than  representing
the interests of workers, won most of its demands. Initially, UPS  offered only
1,000 new full-time jobs to the strikers. That number jumped to  10,000 in the
final settlement.

UPS also agreed to phase out the use of subcontractors in six months,  giving
those jobs instead to UPS workers except during peak periods. UPS also  dropped
its demand to withdraw from the Teamsters pension fund and create a  new pension
system for its employees, a move the company claimed would  increase the
retirement pay of its workers by 50 percent.

In the strike's aftermath, some union workers may go from the picket line  to
the unemployment line. UPS has said it may have to lay off as many as  15,000
workers as a result of the 5 percent of business it believes it lost
permanently because of the strike. And there are more labor troubles ahead.  The
company now must decide how it will structure negotiations with its 2,000
pilots when those talks resume next month. The pilots honored the workers'
picket lines in the strike just ended, and Teamsters officials say their
members would support the pilots, if there is a strike.

This strike could have been a long, bitter and costly standoff. The Clinton
administration, through Labor Secretary Alexis M. Herman, deserves credit for
leaning on the Teamsters and UPS to stay at the bargaining table until a
settlement was reached. The collective bargaining system worked, and it's not
clear that there were any big losers.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; UPS drivers file into work
Wednesday at the company facility in downtown Los Angeles.

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              958 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 16, 2010 Friday

Mediocrity of Russian spy ring reflects country's decadence

LENGTH: 806 words


WASHINGTON ? Some of the commentary on the Russian agents recently captured by
the FBI has centered on the fact that Moscow was spying on the United States
while President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev celebrated
their nuclear and diplomatic partnership at Ray's Hell Burger, or on the
evolving focus of Russia's intelligence services. But all of this misses the
real point: how much the mediocrity of the spy ring reveals about the decadence
of present-day Russia.  It is not surprising that Russia spies on the U.S. while
cooperation occurs in many areas ?

the nuclear deal, the sanctions against Iran, the suspension of the anti-missile
shield in Central Europe. All states spy, and friends spy on each other, too ?
even Israeli agents, including Jonathan Pollard, have been caught in the United
States.  Equally unsurprising is that Moscow should pursue nonmilitary and
nonpolitical targets. Industrial espionage by Russia is as old as Vladimir
Lenin. Commercial and technological intelligence may have become a top priority
in the time since the Berlin Wall fell, but it was also a key part of the
information-gathering apparatus of the communists. One of the missions of Markus
Wolf's Stasi, East Germany's notorious intelligence service, was to steal
industrial secrets from West Germany, as he explains in his memoirs.  The
problem with the latest bunch of moles was not that they placed pictures on
Facebook (Anna Chapman), were futurist technology geeks (Donald Heathfield),
were travel agents (Mikhail Semenko), were barbecue-grilling suburbanites
(Richard and Cynthia Murphy) or penned leftist columns in New York's El Diario
La Prensa (Vicky Pelaez). Actually, these seem like pretty good covers. Yet by
all accounts, none of the spooks really did much besides what it looked like
they were doing. Apparently they milked Russia's budget for nothing, a delicious
irony if one thinks of Russia's pervasive venality: Transparency International
places the country on a par with Zimbabwe in its Corruption Perceptions Index.
Everything about the spies was comically passe, including the technology ? bags
exchanged in train stations, shortwave radio, invisible ink. It all begs the
question: Why did the FBI expose them before they were able to do anything
substantive for their paymasters? The fact that the U.S. has exchanged the spies
for four agents of Western countries imprisoned by Moscow suggests these amateur
spooks are simply bargaining chips ? or meant to send Russia the message that
not even amateur spooks will be tolerated on U.S. soil.  That Moscow should have
maintained them conveys how dysfunctional the Russian state has become. These
pathetic agents confirm the gulf between the neo-Czarist illusions of grandeur
and the reality of a country surpassed in economic and technological achievement
by many Asian competitors. What kind of bureaucrat allows an agent of Russian
origin who speaks Spanish with a thick Slavic accent to claim he is Uruguayan,
as Juan Lazaro, one of the men arrested by the FBI, routinely did in the U.S.?
In his book "China's Second Revolution," Eugenio Bregolat, a former Spanish
ambassador in Beijing and Moscow, compared China's successful reform process
since 1978 with the decadent sequence of events that began with Mikhail
Gorbachev's Perestroika and Glasnost and ended with Vladimir Putin's emergence
in Russia. For him, the key lies in the quality of the communist leadership.
Whereas China's Deng Xiaoping had a clear vision of a midterm path to a market
economy that postponed political liberation to the distant future and the skills
to defeat his opponents within the state, Gorbachev never wanted to dismantle
the system and was clueless in his efforts to suppress dissent, as his defeat at
the hands of Boris Yeltsin during an attempted coup by communist retrogrades
ultimately proved. As for Yeltsin, he had an intuition about a democratic,
capitalistic Russia but no understanding of the institutional underpinnings of a
market democracy. Putin was the result.   One may differ with part of this
analysis, but there is some truth in the idea that present-day Russia stemmed
from the failure of a reform process that started with Gorbachev and never found
its bearings.  In a recent article in Spain's ABC newspaper, Alberto Sotillo
wrote that "the USSR was a very shoddy and sloppy place ... but the things they
did right ? they really did right." Soviet espionage was indeed able to
penetrate powerful circles in the United States, including placing a network of
agents in various departments of the U.S. government. It is as yet unclear if
Putin and company can get anything right.  Alvaro Vargas Llosa is a senior
fellow at the Independent Institute and the editor of "Lessons From the Poor."
His e-mail address is ">AVLlosa@independent.org

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              959 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           December 11, 2007 Tuesday

Business by the book

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 616 words


A nyone who expected that the Dick Grasso retirement compensation conflagration
would flame out when the New York State Supreme Court ordered the former
chairman of the New York Stock Exchange to give back part of his $188 million
retirement package had to have forgotten what Yogi Berra said about when a
contest is over.

The Richard Grasso portrayed so vividly by business journalist Charles Gasparino
in his new book, "King of the Club," would never concede that the matter was
over until it was over irretrievably.

Gasparino's narrative conveys the story of a lower-middle-class Italian American
from the Jackson Heights area of Queens in New York City, who, after failing the
eye examination for the police department, took a job as a backroom listings
clerk at the NYSE and through hard work, dogged determination and Machiavellian
machinations wound up reigning over "the Club" like an imperial potentate.

There is much to admire about the Richard Grasso served up by Gasparino. His
story borders on the classic Horatio Alger model of the person from humble
beginnings who achieves fame and riches despite the odds against him.

Not only did Grasso lack the credentials of an Ivy League education to open
doors for him on Wall Street, he had no degree at all when he commenced his
career in the world of high finance.

But Grasso possessed a toughness, a capacity for hard work and a love for Wall
Street's function in the economy and the role of the Club within that context
that trumped the advantages some of the privileged brought to the arena.

Grasso's finest hour as CEO of the Club occurred in the immediate aftermath of
the terrorist attacks that leveled the World Trade Center towers. Gasparino
delivers an engrossing account of Grasso's heroic exertions to revive trading on
the exchange in less than a week.

"Grasso never strayed from his theme that the opening of the exchange was one
way to defeat the criminals and how proud he was of the exchange, 'this
public-private partnership,' as he called it. Praise for Grasso poured in from
everywhere.

This thorough picture of Grasso illuminates his warts   his insatiable thirst
for publicity, his fiery temper and bullying management style, his
vindictiveness and the venality evidenced in his packing the board of the
exchange with corporate cronies who would provide him the overly generous
compensation that led to his downfall.

Among the others whose flaws show in this critical book are former Nasdaq CEO
Frank Zarb, Home Depot co-founder Kenneth Langone and New York Attorney General
Eliot Spitzer, a former ally who turned against Grasso over the retirement pay
issue.

Spitzer took the position that Grasso's compensation was way out of line for the
CEO of a not-for-profit organization and in violation of the laws of the State
of New York.

Grasso and his supporters maintain that he earned the money. A case can be made
that he is owed the money because he did and extraordinary job of keeping the
specialist system going at the Club in the face of the stiff competition of the
Nasdaq, which featured electronic trading.

Like King Canute, standing at the edge of the sea and trying to hold back the
tide, Grasso staved off electronic trading until he was ousted.

A reading of "King of the Club" suggests that Grasso saw the inevitable coming
and made the decision that led to his firing. Perhaps he decided to collect his
retirement money prior to retiring. Grasso seems to have come to the
realization, as did Yogi Berra, that "the future ain't what it used to be."

|   Cecil Johnson, McClatchy Newspapers

King of the Club: Richard Grasso and the Survival of the New York Stock
Exchange. By Charles Gasparino; Collins, 400 pages ($27.95).

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 12, 1998 Saturday

MURDER & MAYHEM  Gone Baby Gone

BYLINE: MARGARET CANNON

SECTION: BOOKS; Pg. D14

LENGTH: 1119 words


by Dennis Lehane, Morrow, 374 pages, $31.95

Dennis Lehane is emerging as one of the finest new authors in U.S. crime
fiction. He's created a pair of characters -- Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro
-- who are complex, believable and, above all, intrinsically interesting. But
Lehane is also a master of the complex plot, with intricate twists and
unexpected loops, and in Gone Baby Gone, his most recent novel, he almost, but
not quite, goes too far.

The story here begins with what is, to me, the scariest imaginable plot: the
missing child. Four-year-old Amanda McCready is snatched from her own bed in the
middle of the night. Her mother was next door watching television and left the
door unlocked. The whole of the Boston PD is hunting for little Amanda. Her aunt
wants Kenzie and Gennaro, too. They don't want the case, but Aunt Beatrice is
persuasive -- considerably more persuasive than Amanda's spaced-out mother. The
chances of finding Amanda alive are remote, and the chances of damage are high:
"No one can survive the loss of a child," says a tough Boston cop. "Not you, not
me." But the outcome of the case of Amanda McCready takes Gennaro and Kenzie
into dangers neither of them ever anticipated.

Along with the terrific characters and the skillful -- if frightening -- plot,
Lehane writes in a seamless, effortless style that's a pleasure to follow. The
image of Helene McCready and best friend Dottie watching themselves on
television is haunting. Lehane's ear for dialogue is superb, and he slips in
little lines that linger in the mind. Example: "The silence of the dead says,
Goodbye. The silence of the missing says, Find me."

Cutter's Run

by William G. Tapply, St. Martin's, 274 pages, $31.99

This 15th work in the consistently superior Brady Coyne series has good
characters and a fine plot. Tapply isn't a writer like Lehane, who makes you
think, but he is a consummate craftsman.

This time out, Brady is splitting time between his home and office in Boston and
his weekends in Garrison, Maine, a remote rural community where his lover,
Alexandria Shaw, has taken up residence while she writes a book. It would appear
to be the perfect arrangement for an avid angler like Coyne, but there are signs
that the relationship is cracking. Brady is trying to sort it all out when he
meets Charlotte Gillespie en route to the local veterinarian. The next week,
Gillespie writes to him for help. When he arrives, she's missing.

Has she simply disappeared, or is it worse? Is Garrison a nice sleepy town or a
coven of White Supremacists? The answer, when it comes, is as complicated and as
simple as the outcome of the romance between Alex and Brady.

The Gravity of Shadows

by David Ramus, HarperCollins, 294 pages, $35

This second novel by Ramus, a former high-stakes New York art-dealer, is a
worthy successor to his acclaimed debut, Thief of Light. The art world, laden
with venality, greed, talent and prodigious egos, has always been a natural
backdrop for crime fiction, but few authors have the inside knowledge and talent
to make it work as a novel. Ramus has it all.

Wil Sumner, self-made and currently broke New York City art dealer, grew up on
the wrong side of Palm Beach. When a lawyer approaches him to appraise the
private collection of a reclusive Palm Beach billionaire, Wil can hardly refuse.
His bank manager is pressing him for money, his business partner has turned out
to be a crook and his resources -- both personal and financial -- are flat. A
stay in a Florida mansion with a hefty fee will do wonders. But Wil is heading
toward murder and conspiracy, and places where nice guys don't go.

Judas Child

by Carol O'Connell, Putnam, 340 pages, $34.99

Carol O'Connell's first three novels, including the highly praised Mallory's
Oracle, have vaulted her into the first rank of new U.S. crime writers. Her work
has an authority, a substance, that lingers long after the stories are done.
This novel, not a Mallory, is particularly powerful. It is about the
resourcefulness of children and the redemptive power of friendship and love in
the face of pure evil.

It's a terrible case of déjà vu for policeman Rouge Kendall. It's two weeks
before Christmas, and two children have disappeared. Fifteen years before, his
twin sister disappeared just before the holiday. It shattered his family, killed
his father and left Kendall permanently scarred. But the murder of his sister
was solved and the murderer sent to prison. There can't be a connection, can
there?

Ali Cray, a woman whose scars are far more visible, says there is. Moreover, she
says that one of the two children is already dead -- the Judas child, used to
lure the real victim into the web -- and the other will die on Christmas Day.

Nothing Sacred: The Many Lives and Betrayals of Albert Walker

by Alan Cairns, Seal Books, 357 pages, $6.99

The problem with true crime is that it's true. In fiction, people kill for odd
or noble or, at least, understandable motives. In true crime, the motives are at
best ignoble, at worst horrifying. In the case of Albert Walker, the Canadian
financier found guilty in Britain of the murder of Ronald Platt, the motives
were purely base.

Walker was a handsome, fast-talking con man who managed to convince a crowd of
his friends and neighbours in rural Ontario to let him invest their savings. He
emerges as a liar, a lecher, a manipulative heel, a braggart and a bully. If he
had a redeeming characteristic, it was his oily charm, used to convince people
that he was the big shot he pretended to be. In 1990, faced with an acrimonious
divorce and custody battle over his four children, he began moving clients'
funds out of Canada.

In December, 1990, Walker disappeared with his 15-year-old daughter Sheena and
millions of dollars. Six years later, Platt's body led British police to the
pair, living as man and wife in rural England. By now, Sheena had two small
children whose father was listed as Ron Platt, the name Walker used. Was Walker
guilty of incest, along with murder and theft? Given his history, it's not
impossible. The jury couldn't convict him for what he did to Sheena. They could,
and did, convict him for killing Platt.

This is a sensational story, and Cairns -- from The Toronto Sun -- gives it as
much juice as he can legally squeeze. His prose is sturdy, and while he is given
to cliché, he pumps the piece along. He has a lot of information here that
didn't make the news bulletins -- such as Barbara Walker's repeated attempts to
get the police to search for her missing child, and the fact that Walker saw to
it that Sheena was placed on birth-control pills before the pair decamped to
Britain.

Walker got life in prison. Somehow that doesn't seem much for the lives he
ruined.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

Barclays takeover of Lehman US assets cleared in New York court

BYLINE: Simon Bowersguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 761 words

ABSTRACT

Judge Peck dismissed claims Barclays engaged in dishonest and abusive behaviour
during the sale process, finding that the bank had acted in good faith
throughout

FULL TEXT

Claims that Barclays illegally took advantage of pandemonium in the financial
markets in order to  at an unfair price in 2008 have been thrown out by a
bankruptcy court judge in New York.

Describing the sale process as "imperfect, but still adequate under the
exceptional circumstances," Judge James Peck threw out a claim brought by
lawyers overseeing the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy estate.

Shares in Barclays rose 2.25p to 324p by 9am, one of just a handful of FTSE 100
stocks to register gains as the equity markets retreated in the wake of the
Libyan crisis.

Ian Gordon, a banks analyst at Exane BNP Paribas, said: "Barclays is to be
congratulated for its steadfast approach throughout this long-running saga.
Whereas one might be tempted to suggest that this was a speculative action which
was always bound to fail, we have no doubt that the unquantified litigation risk
weighed heavily in the minds of many would-be Barclays investors."

Claimant lawyers had alleged Barclays engaged in dishonest and abusive behaviour
during the sale process which led to the bank improperly receiving an $11bn
(£6.78bn) windfall from the transformational deal.

One of their central allegations was that Lehman bankers hurriedly putting sale
valuations on the failed banks' assets may have been influenced by the prospect
of future employment with Barclays.

But in , Judge Peck dismissed these claims, finding that Barclays had acted in
good faith throughout.

"The Court does not believe that any Lehman employees breached their duties of
loyalty to the estate because of the prospect of future employment or as a
consequence of signing lucrative employment contracts with Barclays. That aspect
of the Movants' [claimants'] case is built on a faint aroma of venality and
conflicted loyalty, but no breach of duty or other misconduct was demonstrated."

Claimants had pointed to the fact that the sale valuation process had seen the
Lehman assets acquired by Barclays marked down from $70bn to $47.4bn. Peck found
that, while Barclays was clearly "pressing hard for the very best deal it could
get", had acted in good faith. The valuations, he ruled, were uncertain but had
not been shown to be a material understatement of likely fair market values at
that extraordinary time.

Peck suggested the claimants' case was based on hindsight valuations and he
described the Barclays deal as "the largest, most expedited and probably the
most dramatic asset sale that has ever occurred in bankruptcy history." He
reminded the court that, at the time, the sale - conducted at "a speed that
takes ordinary transactional coping skills to the breaking point and beyond" -
was "regarded by many as an admirable, even heroic, achievement".

"The perception ... was that the transaction with Barclays benefited all
interested parties, mitigated systemic risk and helped to save every one of us
from an even greater economic calamity. Nothing in the voluminous record
presented to the Court in these protracted proceedings has done anything to
change that undeniably correct perception."

He said Barclays's determination to secure a deal that would bolster its capital
base was a legitimate and understandable commercial position to take.

"The impact of the transaction was enormous for both parties. For Lehman, it
meant a going concern sale that would save the jobs of about ten thousand
employees and allow for the orderly transfer of customer accounts, thereby
minimizing further market disruptions. For Barclays, it was a strategic
acquisition that, virtually overnight, would enable it to become a leading
player in the North American capital markets."

Other hasty rescue marriages during the 2008 banking crisis proved highly
problematic for the acquiring banks. Among the heavily criticised deals have
been Bank of America's purchase of Merrill Lynch and Lloyds acquisition of HBOS.

A year earlier Barclays had narrowly missed out on a deal which might have left
it stricken by the credit crunch. It had come close to acquiring Dutch bank ABN
Amro in an auction process conducted at the height of the credit boom - but lost
out to a rival consortium led by Royal Bank of Scotland. That deal left RBS
perilously overstretched and, just weeks after the Barclays picked up Lehman
assets, it was forced to seek a rescue bailout from UK taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                         March 29, 1999 - April 4, 1999

Millennium bugged at Humana

BYLINE: CHARLES ISHERWOOD

SECTION: LEGIT; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 1397 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. This year's Humana Festival of New American Plays hijacked the
art form and took it in some quirky new directions, but it was the sturdier
stylistic traditions that ultimately won the day. The 23rd annual event at the
Actors Theater of Louisville offered plays you could hang up on (Phone Plays),
spill a glass of wine on (T-shirt Plays) or potentially get carbon monoxide
poisoning during (Car Play), but the enduring appeal of story, character and
technique were most vividly illustrated in the traditional format, particularly
in veteran Arthur Kopit's "Y2K."

Kopit's cool, topical chiller exploits technophobes' fear of the new millennium
and the increasing power cybergeeks will wield at the expense of the
computer-illiterate. (It's not actually about the much-discussed glitch that we
all hope will not send planes plummeting from the sky come New Year's Eve.)

The lives of Gotham power couple Joseph Elliot (Graeme Malcolm) and Joanne
Summerhays Elliot (Lucinda Faraldo) begin to unravel when a pair of federal
agents descend upon Joseph and start interrogating him in quirkily Pinteresque
style about his trafficking on the Internet. (It's not hard to guess what evil
crime he's accused of; Kopit needn't be so coy about revealing it.)

Watching the action from a catwalk above the playing space is a leather-clad
hipster with blue-streaked hair (Dallas Roberts) who is calling the shots in the
Elliots' lives with the click of a mouse. His motivation is revenge, although
Kopit plays some tricks in delineating the details behind his desire for
retribution: scenes recalled (or fantasized) by this cybermenace are confusingly
mixed with others that contradict them.

In a laser-sharp production expertly directed by Bob Balaban, Malcolm and
Faraldo precisely evoke their characters' progression from amused surprise to
idle dismay to outrage and terror as they see control of their lives and
livelihoods slip from their grasp into the hands of an Internet phantom.

Kopit's writing is laced with mordant wit, and the central characters are subtly
drawn, so it's a pity that the play ultimately concludes as a paranoid thriller
forsaking credibility in favor of a nightmarish Orwellian vision. Toning down of
the plot's more preposterous twists and a stronger accent on character would
give the play some ambiguity and better chances for a long afterlife.

Manipulation is also a theme of David Rambo's "God's Man in Texas," likewise
given a strong production by director John Dillon that featured flawless
performances by ATL veterans V Craig Heidenreich, Bob Burrus and William
McNulty.

Rambo's comic drama describes the internecine warring over control of a Baptist
church in Houston that has morphed into a multimillion-dollar corporation
through the wonders of cable TV exposure. McNulty, in Santa Claus wig and
beatific smile, plays Dr. Philip Gottschall, the aging father of the church and
its telegenic public face. At 81, he's uneasily facing the question of an heir
to the throne.

Heidenreich's Dr. Jeremiah Means is the lucky winner of the succession
sweepstakes, while Burrus' Hugo is the hapless pawn in the struggle that results
when Gottschall proves less than willing to facilitate an easy transition of
power. All three actors wring the laughs from Rambo's script without turning
these pragmatic believers into caricatures of venality --- Burrus is
particularly fine as the seen-it-all recovering addict whose fate awakens Means
to the moral rot of a church corrupted by its own widening influence.

Although many a playwright has been accused of too much preaching, the charge is
literally true of Rambo's well-written but overextended drama, which includes
long passages from a half-dozen sermons. (It's also figuratively true: The
barrage of potshots at the commercialization of religion eventually grows
wearisome.) The two-hours-plus play also feels underpopulated --- Gottschall's
scheming wife might make a lively addition to the onstage trio. Still, with some
streamlining, Rambo's play would be a strong candidate for regional exposure.

The third of the festival's more traditionally structured full-scale offerings
was "The Cockfighter," Vincent Murphy's adaptation of a novel by Frank Manley.
In this somber one-acter, an encounter with the bloodsport is used as a
heavy-handed symbol for the loss of innocence of a sensitive young farm boy torn
between admiration for his brutish father and his own more tender instincts,
which his mother tries desperately to protect.

Murphy's adaptation uneasily mixes earthy naturalism (talk of "peckers" and
peanut butter-and-jelly sandwiches) with strained attempts at poetry. The actors
struggle with little success to make compelling theater of a work stuffed with
too much turgid narration, and ultimately the use of a violent and repellent
form of gambling as a literary symbol begins to seem both precious and
distasteful.

Avant-garde doyenne Anne Bogart and her Siti Co. presented a new production
somewhat mysteriously titled "Cabin Pressure." A sometimes charming if never
particularly revelatory meditation on the art and experience of the theater,
"Cabin Pressure" could use some sharpening of its ideas.

Familiar-feeling musings about the relationship between audience and artists and
the mysterious roots of theater's appeal are only occasionally presented with
the stylistic brio that marks the best of Bogart's work (finest was the final
sequence, with the actors turning audience behavior into a comic ballet). The
impression left was of a hermetic exercise that will primarily appeal to insider
theater audiences and fans of the Bogart aesthetic.

But just whom Naomi Iizuka's "Aloha, Say the Pretty Girls" will appeal to is
anyone's guess. This aimless, maddeningly prolix play tries audience patience to
the breaking point with its self-consciously madcap, fuzzily conceived
characters and meandering plot.

Through a tale of missed connections that moves from New York to Alaska via
Hollywood and Hawaii, Iizuka wants to say something about contemporary
alienation and the transitory nature of love and attraction, but moments of
clarity are as rare for the audience as they are for Iizuka's characters.
Despite some bright patches of dialogue, the play resembles an overgrown garden,
to borrow imagery the playwright herself uses to hazy effect. Alas, were it to
be thoroughly weeded, one suspects there wouldn't be much aesthetic foliage
left.

ATL artistic director Jon Jory's production featured some delightful comic turns
from a largely strong and likable cast, with Nick Garrison stealing all his
scenes in a pair of roles: in drag as a mothering schoolteacher and out of it as
a quipping queen driven to distraction by a job as Demi Moore's assistant.

This year's short plays, a Humana festival tradition, were collected from
emerging young writers and presented under the umbrella title "Life Under 30."
There were no stirring new voices to be heard, but it's probably not fair to
judge young writers --- or indeed any writers --- on the basis of the demanding
short-play format.

Nor did the festival's more adventurous gambits show off the talents of name
writers at their best. Richard Dresser's "What Are You Afraid Of?" was a play
for two actors and as many audience members as could be squeezed into the back
seat of a sedan (a hitherto untried question of audience etiquette: Who has to
sit on the hump?). Dresser didn't use the intimacy of the venue to interesting
effect; we were treated to fairly pedestrian, mildly comic exchanges between
host and hitchhiker, man and wife at McDonald's, a couple at lovers' lane.
Presumably for legal reasons, the car didn't actually move --- also rather
deflating.

Rebecca Gilman, Diana Son, Neal Bell, David Greenspan and Rebecca Reynolds
provided the texts for the Phone Plays. A bank of pay phones were set up on the
mezzanine level of the Actors Theater, and festgoers duly lined up to listen in.
Unfortunately, none of the plays really gave one the authentic frisson of
eavesdropping on conversations (a fact Greenspan's entry at least admitted), and
there's probably nothing harder to act than a phone call. The most interesting
thing about the plays was observing the various attitudes of the listeners, a
piece of impromptu theater in itself that Bogart, for one, would certainly
appreciate.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1999 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      May 4, 1994 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

A HEROINE GIFTED AT IMITATING SINGERS

BYLINE: Clifford A. Ridley, INQUIRER THEATER CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 710 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The girl-woman known only as Little Voice is a lower-class waif in northern
England with a wretched home life and a collection of records by female
vocalists, bequeathed to her by her father. She hides in her second-story
bedroom and speaks - when she communicates at all, which is rarely - in a
frightened squeak that echoes the darting panic of her movements and the terror
in her restless eyes.

By all odds she should be a pitiable case, this unorthodox heroine of Jim
Cartwright's The Rise and Fall of Little Voice, which opened Sunday at the Neil
Simon Theatre in a production by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company of Chicago. Her
mother, after all, is a blowsy harridan, a cheap, sloppy drunk with a sewer
mouth, a vicious temper and an insatiable appetite for anything in trousers.
Their only visitor is a dimwitted, obese neighbor, a woman so accommodating that
the only word she utters is "OK."

But Little Voice has her records, with which she identifies so completely that
she can duplicate all the singers with a vocal accuracy that borders on the
uncanny. When she sings "Over the Rainbow," she sounds precisely like Judy
Garland - and so it is with "Je ne regrette rien" and Edith Piaf, "The Way We
Were" and Barbra Streisand, "Goldfinger" and Shirley Bassey, and on and on. Her
mother considers this idiosyncrasy a bother, but when a two-bit agent named Ray
Say takes up with the dissolute mum, he hears a Bentleyed future calling to him
in these spot-on impersonations.

And thus we find Little Voice literally dragged onto the stage of a small- time
boite run by a delightfully smarmy emcee, one Lou Boo. She hates this, of
course, but her only confidante is a tender lad named Billy, who shows up one
day to install a telephone and proceeds to hang around outside her window,
tossing pebbles to get her attention and eventually raising himself to window
level on a cherry picker. Billy speaks scarcely more than Little Voice, but he,
too, has a secret gift - he can transform empty spaces into dazzling light
shows, and he proposes to create one especially for his adored L.V.

Well, I leave the rest for you to find out, including how Little Voice's house
becomes a light show of its own - and how British playwright Cartwright, whose
other plays bear pithy titles that could have been written by L.V. herself (Two,
Wedded, Bedded, Baths and Road), wraps up the evening in spectacular and
altogether satisfying fashion. The Rise and Fall of Little Voice is a charming,
beguilingly original fairy tale about how art and dreams can overcome venality,
greed and ugliness, and it's made even better by the dramatic tension between
gritty reality (the mother, Mari, is truly a monster), broad comedy and
fabulistic narrative.

In some plays, this admixture of tones would mean serious trouble, but
Cartwright is in such control every step of the way that everything fits. You
seldom feel that he's jerking you around, simply that he's leading you along a
winding path that he has clearly marked in advance. I did find Little Voice's
maturation (if that's the word) as a cabaret singer a trifle abrupt, and I did
wish that when she finally speaks at some length, she weren't quite so obvious
about what she has to say. But that's quibbling.

The play would never fly, of course, without an actress of remarkable gifts in
the title role - a woman capable not only of embodying a painfully shy recluse
but of plausibly impersonating some two dozen singers in the course of the
evening. That actress is Hynden Walch, and she's surely in line for some sort of
Tony nomination - perhaps best musical. In fact, the entire cast assembled by
director Simon Curtis is terrific - Rondi Reed as the hateful Mari, Ian Barford
as Billy, Karen Vaccaro as Sadie, George Innes as Ray, and John Christopher
Jones as Mr. Boo. The set, which ought to be indescribably hideous and is, is by
Thomas Lynch.

THE RISE AND FALL OF LITTLE VOICE

Written by Jim Cartwright; directed by Simon Curtis; set by Thomas Lynch.

The cast: Hynden Walch, Ian Barford, George Innes, John Christopher Jones, Rondi
Reed, Karen Vaccaro.

Playing at: Neil Simon Theatre, 250 W. 52d St., for an open-ended run. Tickets
are $20 to $50. Information: 212-307-4100.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: REVIEW: THEATER

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (1)
1. George Innes and Rondi Reed play two unsavory characters. She's the
monstrous mother of the musical mimic known as Little Voice. He's the agent
who sees a chance to cash in on her.

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      March 29, 2004 Monday FINAL EDITION

Carl Hiaasen: 'No shortage of reasons to be outraged'

BYLINE: J. Sebastian Sinisi , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 1084 words


The last thing novelist and Miami Herald columnist Carl Hiaasen  wants to be
called is an 'environmental' writer.


With notable exceptions like Edward Abbey, environmental writers  don't make
readers laugh, and Hiaasen does not have that problem.


Crooked developers, corrupt elected officials and dumb-as-dirt  white trash who
assist the other spoilers of South Florida are  recurring characters in Carl


Hiaasen's 10 best-selling novels. In his novels and twice-weekly  Herald column,
few scoundrels go unstoned.


Their themes are best summed up in a 2001 collection of his  columns: 'Paradise
Screwed.' Hiaasen will receive the Denver  Press Club's 10th annual Damon Runyon
Award on Friday night.


After 16 years of cranking out a column and more than 20 of writing  novels,


Hiaasen still succeeds at the rare feat of enabling readers to  laugh at the
follies surrounding serious issues.


'If we couldn't laugh, we would all go insane,' sang former  Florida Keys
resident Jimmy Buffett. Hiaasen still lives in the  Keys and can still cause
readers to laugh at the unbelievable  stupidity and greed that have despoiled
the South Florida he knew  as a boy.


But Hiaasen's laughter and satire that mask the anger have made a  difference.
And that difference made Hiaasen this year's pick for  the Press Club's Runyon
Award, to put him in the company of Jimmy  Breslin, Pete Hamill, Herb Caen,
Molly Ivins, Maureen Dowd and  other journalistic notables.


'That's pretty tall cotton,' Hiaasen said on the phone from his  home on Lower
Matacumbe Key, about midway on the string of keys  from Miami to Key West.


'When I first heard I'd won, I thought they'd made a mistake,' he  said. 'I was
stunned, then immensely flattered.'


He talked about what keeps him going and said that as long as a  columnist - or
novelist - stays angry, 'You can do your work and  write. When you don't feel
angry anymore, it's time to hang it up.  But since there's no shortage of
reasons to be outraged, I'm in no  danger of mellowing. I'm as (angry) now as
when I first started in  the newspaper business in 1974, on a small paper in
Cocoa Beach.'


He went to The Miami Herald two years later, first as a general-  assignment
reporter and then as part of the Herald's award-winning  investigative team.
Among other venalities, he probed dangerous  doctors, drug corruption and
crooked land deals.


Hiaasen has since written, with a sure satiric touch, on topics  that are hardly
laughing matters. They include the environmental  price of overbuilding Florida,
degradation of the Everglades and  shoddy construction that magnified the
disaster of Hurricane  Andrew.


But little really surprised him, even in earlier days.


'I got angry about what we now call the 'rape of the environment'  when I was
about 10 years old, growing up in South Florida in the  early '60s,' he
recalled.


Riding his bike to a favorite fishing inlet, he arrived to find  bulldozers
filling it in for a waterfront development. It was then,  he said, 'that I first
realized greed is the engine running  Florida. Where any parcel of waterfront
property exists to be  carved up by a Klondike mentality.


'Seeing a place you loved cut up and parceled made me cynical at  an early age,'
he added. 'People say the news business makes you  cynical. For me, there were
few surprises. Newspaper work only  confirmed my worst suspicions - and the
reality was worse than I'd  feared.'


Hiassen's novels run from his 1980s 'Tourist Season' and 'Double  Whammy' to the
early-'90s 'Strip Tease,' which was made into a  movie starring Demi Moore.
Among others, 'Stormy Weather,' 'Sick  Puppy' and 'Basket Case' followed. Knopf
will bring out his next  novel, 'Skinny Dip,' on July 13.


'It's a mystery about a guy who pushes his wife off a cruise  ship,' Hiassen
said. 'But he forgets she was a swim-team diver in  college. She survives and
makes his life hell. One of the villains  is a crooked biologist in the
Everglades, who is in the pocket of  developers.'


Although Hiaasen has a national fan following, he remains amazed  that his books
sell anywhere 'north of Florida.'


He conceded that 'the same battles' to save what's left of the  land 'are going
on from California to Long Island. But in Florida,  things are more flagrant,
and the politicians - who can be bought  more cheaply - are more stupid. And
they get caught because they're  so clumsy.'


Although the scenario is repeated elsewhere, he said, Florida  remains
especially fertile ground for a columnist and novelist.  'It always was the end
of the rainbow that people fled to,  retirees or criminals, and it's still a
land of opportunity - legal  or not. Today, 'melting pot' doesn't begin to
describe a place with  such a collision of cultures that anyone can find a
niche. Or  hide.'


In Florida, Hiaasen added, 'nothing surprises anyone because  anything goes.
It's no coincidence that nine of the hijackers on  Sept. 11, 2001, lived in
Florida and paid cash to learn how to fly  a plane without landing it. No
questions were asked.'


Against what seems a uniformly bleak landscape, Hiaasen does see  some signs of
hope.


'One of the great ironies is that, as Florida fills up with people  the
ecosystem can't support, there's a growing sentiment to  preserve what's left,
to keep it clean and to slow down the  growth.


'Florida is still an extraordinarily beautiful place that touches  peoples'
souls,' he said, 'and many of those who want to save it  aren't even from
Florida.


'Fifteen years ago, saving the Everglades - and we're talking the  fate of the
widest river on this planet - wasn't on any  politician's radar screen.


'Today, anybody running for office has to at least go through the  motions of
being pro-Everglades to be elected. In reality, they  probably don't give a
rat's a . But they know where the votes are.  And that's progress. I don't claim
to have had anything to do with  it, but it's encouraging.'


----------------------------------------


   Earning honors


Who:Carl Hiaasen receiving the 10th annual Damon Runyon Award from  the Denver
Press Club


When:7 p.m., Friday


Where:Hyatt Regency, 1750 Welton St.


Tickets:$ 75 for press club members, $ 100 for non-members; call  303-571-5260
for reservations by 5 p.m. Monday.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: AND THE WINNER IS: Carl Hiaasen to receive the Damon Runyon
Award from the Denver Press Club on Friday evening.10F

TYPE: INTERVIEW

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Citizen Gloucester

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Everything falls into place with revelation

SECTION: ENTS:OTHER; Pg. 18-19

LENGTH: 380  words


Not everyone may like it, but many, myself included, may never see this play in
the same way again thanks to Polly Findlay's persuasive new interpretation.

It is the centrepiece, with The Jew of Malta and Volpone, of an RSC season about
communities, greed and outsiders.

The portrayal of Shylock by Palestinian Israeli actor Makram J. Khoury is
remarkable enough, but it is in the character of the Merchant Antonio, that
director, and actor Jamie Ballard, have found new meaning in the play.

For Antonio is gay.

That may prompt thoughts of a Mel Brookes California Sixties send-up, but from
the shocking moment that Antonio kisses Jacob Fortune-Lloyd's Bassanio full on
the lips, much falls into place.

Why else is Antonio unspeakably sad, but at his adored friend's venal pursuit of
Portia for her money?  Why else would he open "my purse, my person" to the
wastrel?

Ballard is an angst-ridden, tortured and repressed soul, crying out only when
faced with the actual torture of Shylock's knife.

Portia - that empty-head, miraculously turned Perry Mason - has by now learnt
the truth of her husband and Antonio's personal and financial relations.

So while sparing him the knife, actress Patsy Ferran's eyes shoot daggers at his
heart.

The contemporary setting makes no reference to Venice.  Shylock's home is an
anonymous, multi-storey edifice of reflective glass in the style of a bankers'
tower.

More enigmatically, cherubic choristers appear above from time to time above,
and a giant pendulum that might have been borrowed from Wagner's Ring, swings
slowly below.

Citizens parade their venality like pumped-up city traders.  Bassanio shares a
bag of cocaine, and although James Corrigan's Lorenzo gives Scarlett Brookes'
Jessica a modest kiss in their elopement, it's her ducats that he hugs.

Our sympathy is therefore entirely with Shylock, spat in the face not once but
three times, and played by Khoury with such dignity that his merciless cry for
vengeance might be understood if not forgiven.

Tim Samuels is an ideal, insolent, grease-painted Launcelot Gobbo, Ken Nwosu an
ebullient, baggy Gratiano and Brian Protheroe does a memorable walk-on cameo as
a cheesy, arrogant Aragon.

â-  The play continues until September 2 and can be seen live in cinemas on
Wednesday, July 22.

Colin Davison

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                        March 6, 1999, Saturday Edition

YOU'VE GOT MY VOTE . . .

SECTION: Part C; Page 3

LENGTH: 592 words


FOR SALE: one vote, gd condition, one careful owner, brought out only a handful
of times each decade. To highest bidder.

That's the ad I was going to place in today's classifieds, until I realised I
could slip it in under the editor's guard and put it right here, for nothing.

I don't expect much of a response though. I can't seem to give my vote away.

A pity really, because if I lived in NSW this month my little old vote would be
worth $1000 cash in the hand, so long as I voted for the state Coalition's
proposal to sell of the electricity utility (and so long as enough other people
did too).

To an official from the International Olympic Committee, on the other hand, my
little vote could potentially be worth a lot more than that. Tens of thousands
of dollars, in fact, if you don't mind the prospect of getting it in the form of
holidays and such-like, rather than cash.

It's funny, but I don't ever seem to have been offered inducements for my vote.
Unless you count people offering not to do something as an inducement.

Vote for me as school captain and I promise I won't give you a Chinese burn. 154
Vote for me for the Legislative Assembly and I promise not to take the fluoride
out of the water/close your local primary school/put up your rates/make you dig
up the rockery you have made in your nature strip.154 Vote for me for Federal
Parliament and I promise not to introduce a GST.154 Quite unsatisfactory. I
mean, how come other people get bribed for their votes, while I only get
blackmailed out of mine?  That's why I'm selling it. I figure my vote must be
worth, say $500 to any NSW voter capable of even basic mental arithmetic (they
get $1000 for their own vote, $1000 for mine, give me $500 and they're still
$500 up on the deal).

What my vote would be worth to an IOC delegate probably depends on the
delegate's individual venality. The sky's the limit, I hear. Jobs and
scholarships for the kids, air travel for the wife, holidays in the tropics or
on the snowfields.

By the way, if it has always troubled you that Nauru was pipped at the post for
the 2002 Winter Olympics, it wasn't the lack of Olympic-standard ski slopes
(after all, snow isn't exactly the first thing which springs to mind when you
think of Salt Lake City either, is it?), it was just that all Nauru had to slip
into the delegates' hand luggage was bags of guano. It is probably not a
coincidence that the right to host the Olympics so often goes to First World
nations.

Anyway, I reckon I'd be prepared to sell my vote to any IOC delegate for, say,
ten grand.  What they did with it after that would be their business.

It is probably appropriate on this, the day after the day after the 10th
anniversary of self-government in the ACT, for all of us to make a commitment to
make the most of our future votes.

I admit that sometimes I have frittered mine away on good causes and fine
ideological sentiments. Why, once I think I might even have voted for a man who
promised not to come around and torch my house in the middle of the night if I
voted for him. I thought that was a pretty good cause.

But no longer. From now on I intend to get maximum value from my vote. As we
speak I am rifling through the accommodation vacant ads for Queanbeyan. If I
can't sell my vote the least I can do is become a NSW resident. The sooner I can
vote for Kerry Chikarovski's team the sooner I can be on the receiving end of a
bit of bribery for a change.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

             Copyright 1999 The Federal Capital Press of Australia
                                  Pty Limited


                              967 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                             May 8, 2004, Saturday

Enron heat greater than light

BYLINE: VAN BEYNEN Martin

SECTION: FEATURES; BOOKS; Pg. 15; BOOK REVIEWS MAIN EDITIONS; D

LENGTH: 520 words


PIPE DREAMS by Robert Bryce. Public Affairs, 410pp, $ 34.95. Reviewed by Martin
van Beynen.

Much has and will be written about the collapse of Enron. Although I suspect
this book will not, in time, be regarded as one of the definitive texts on the
subject, Bryce provides a very readable first bite at the saga.

One of the shining stars of the new economy, Enron collapsed in December, 2001,
with huge liabilities of around $ US40 billion.

The company's roots go back to the fledgling oil business of the early 1900s,
and by 1990 its pipelines were transporting or selling 17.5 per cent of all the
natural gas consumed in the United States.

During the 90s it shifted its focus from owning energy assets to trading and
deal making, under the misguided belief its expertise in trading gas and
electricity could be applied with equal success to fibre optic networks, water,
metal trading and other commodities.

Under chief operating-officer Jeff Skilling, who took over in 1996, Enron's
revenue and debt mushroomed as the company's trading activities forged ahead
while extravagant costs and a disastrous cash position were apparently ignored.

By December 2001 the company could no longer borrow enough to keep afloat and it
declared bankruptcy. Investigations since show woeful mismanagement, hidden
losses and executives making huge profits from their Enron stock while investors
and pension fund holders lost billions.

They also reveal how business is done in the US, how favours are bought, and how
political ideas are honed to serve the interests of the political parties'
benefactors.

Bryce writes with the righteous anger anyone would feel at the avarice and
venality at the centre of the Enron scandal but lets the outrage detract too
much from the story.

In depicting the main Enron players he lays on the greed and stupidity just a
little too thickly and makes much of the sexual shenanigans at Enron when there
is little evidence they affected the decision-making. His outrage provides the
propulsion for a racy read, but there are awful excesses in phrases like "not so
fast hoss" and "face it, there's no sex in laying pipe".

The weakest point of the book is Bryce's championship of some Enron players like
chief operating-officer Rich Kinder. While things went to hell in a hand basket
after Kinder left the company in 1996, the company was already in deep trouble
with its debt when he resigned and its cash flow from operations was negative
from the day his successor, Skilling, started.

Kinder was also in charge when the company adopted a dodgy accounting practice
used to grossly inflate its revenues and when several divisions of the company
were underperforming. Bryce's persistence in painting him as the patron saint of
the company is a mystery and undermines his probably warranted attacks on
others.

The book is still well worth a read. Bryce sets a cracking pace in an account
that could easily have been overtaken by the numbers, and effectively
demystifies some of the financial terms and dealings.

Martin van Beynen is deputy chief reporter of The Press.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Fairfax New Zealand


                              968 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                             July 16, 2007, Monday
                                 WMail Edition

Letter: Bush is not the worst ever US president

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 340 words


Sir - Ken Hopkins (Western Mail Letters, July 13) quoted a recent New York Times
editorial that called for a withdrawal of US troops from Iraq. Mr Hopkins went
on to describe George Bush as the worst ever US president.

I must pen this reply with care because Mr Hopkins was my English teacher at
Porth County in its halcyon days!

So here is my analysis. First, as to the rationale for war, every Western
intelligence agency (including that of France) thought that Iraq possessed
weapons of mass destruction. It is even possible that Saddam thought he had WMDs
since his henchmen might have been afraid to tell him otherwise.

Saddam's cat-and-mouse behaviour with the UN inspectors further encouraged the
belief that there were WMDs in Iraq. It is now clear that both Bush and Blair,
in their zeal to go to war, were selective as to which intelligence should be
given credence.

However, I don't think either of them lied to their country. As a comparison,
Roosevelt certainly lied to his country in taking the US into World War II and
was in many respects a very devious man, yet he is widely regarded as a great
president. So, I don't think the criticism of Bush and Blair for invading Iraq
is entirely justified.

Secondly, it is clear that the conduct of the war in Iraq (after the initial
success in toppling Saddam) has been utterly inept and Bush deserves all of the
blame for not supplying a sufficient number of troops.

Thirdly, as to the issue of which have been the worst US presidents, I think
that Hoover and Carter - despite being men of the highest integrity - must be on
that list. On the other hand, Nixon and Clinton - despite their venality - are
among the cleverest of US presidents, even if not among the best. As to the best
presidents, we can surely nominate Jefferson, a man of Welsh ancestry, as
belonging to that category.

Finally, as a subscriber and admirer of the New York Times, I would say that
their track record in editorials leaves a little to be desired.

MARTYN LEWIS

Las Pulgas Place, Pacific Palisades, California, USA

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 8, 2015 Friday
                                 Every Edition

Winning and losing it while everyone watches

BYLINE: Michael O'Sullivan

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. T34

LENGTH: 543 words


When the laughs come in "Welcome to Me," a comedy-drama about a mentally ill
lottery winner who uses her windfall to buy a television talk show, they are the
awkward kind that slip out just before you realize that the pratfall you're
guffawing at may have caused the clown real pain.

It's reassuring to know that Kristen Wiig is that Pagliacci, and that Will
Ferrell and Adam McKay are among this oddball film's producers. But there's an
emotional nakedness to Wiig's unhinged performance as Alice Klieg,  a woman with
borderline personality disorder who has stopped taking her antipsychotic
medication, that sometimes makes her hard to watch, even as she is in the
limelight. The tension between voyeurism and vulnerability is made most explicit
in a breakdown scene, late in the film, in which Alice walks, dazed and naked,
through a hotel casino.

The clash of entertainment and tragedy also lies at the heart of the uneasy
audience appeal of Alice's television show, a poor woman's "Oprah" on Southern
California cable that unexpectedly starts to earn a cult following after Alice
begins using it as a very public - and not particularly therapeutic -
confessional. Segments in which the host uses actors to stage slights from her
youth alternate with jags of crying and screaming, interrupted by the kind of
monotonous household-hints filler that you might find on public access at 4 a.m.

This train wreck of a show - also called "Welcome to Me" - is memoir as
performance art, a "narrative infomercial," in the words of the adoring grad
student (Thomas Mann) who is writing his thesis on Alice.

Sensitively directed by Shira Piven (Jeremy's older sister) from a smart script
by Eliot Laurence (Logo's "The Big Gay Sketch Show"), the film offers an
unsubtle critique of reality TV and our seeming obsession with parading - and
cheering - our neuroses in front of the camera. It's no accident that Alice's
last name is Klieg, evoking the light fixtures of stage and screen. Back in
Alice's apartment, her television has been on, she tells us, for 11 years round
the clock. If she's a monster, she's one that has been irradiated by the
constant glow of the boob tube.

The satire is driven home by the venality of Rich (James Marsden), the glib,
phony-baloney station manager who agrees to put Alice on the air after she
writes him a check for $15 million. Jennifer Jason Leigh and Wes Bentley round
out the supporting cast as show staffers, with especially fine performances by
Joan Cusack, who plays the show's horrified director, and Tim Robbins as Alice's
put-upon psychiatrist.

Though the larger plot centers on a rupture in Alice's relationship with her
best friend, Gina (Linda Cardellini), the film doesn't resolve that conflict
with anywhere near the grit of its social satire or the grace of Wiig's
performance.

As she demonstrated in "The Skeleton Twins," the former "Saturday Night Live"
comedian has grown so adept at rendering troubled characters without offering
sideline commentary that you can't help but fall in love with her, even as
laughter gives way to uncomfortable silence.

michael.osullivan@washpost.com

R.  At the Angelika Pop-Up at Union Market. Contains obscenity, sex, nudity, pot
smoking and a scene of veterinary surgery. 105 minutes.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            March 15, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

L'affaire spitzer: why is the focus on the women?; The errant New York governor
is a hypocrite and worse, but his wife and the prostitute are the ones in the
media wringer

BYLINE: Daphne Bramham, The Vancouver Sun

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Daphne Bramham; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 878  words


Up until this week, Eliot Spitzer was a man who might one day be president of
the United States.

He'd been described as a moral crusader, the enforcer on Wall Street. Now, he's
unemployed, disgraced and possibly facing jail time after it was revealed that
over the past few years he's spent an estimated $80,000 US on high-end
prostitutes.

He's the biggest hypocrite in America since Bill Clinton in this archetypical
melodrama of shining knight knocked from his charger. But rather than the focus
being on the protagonist, it's been mainly on the women around him.

Hours of broadcast time and millions of words have been wasted on the woman who
led him astray -- as if this rich and powerful man were somehow an innocent
victim.

Other commentators, including the egregious Dr. Laura Schlessinger, suggest if
only Silda Spitzer (a magnum cum laude graduate of Harvard Law School who gave
up her career for her husband) had focused more Spitzer's needs, he wouldn't
have had to pay for unsafe sex with prostitutes.

But most of the inordinate amount of time and energy focused on Silda Spitzer
centres on why she and other wives from Hillary Clinton to Nancy Campbell bear
the humiliation of standing by their disgraced husbands.

It is ludicrous to portray Eliot Spitzer as a victim led astray by a harlot or
maltreated by his wife. The women in this story are virtually powerless, while
he was wunderkind politician -- touted as a possible presidential candidate in
2012 -- choosing to engage in illegal behaviour.

So where is Eliot Spitzer in the wall-to-wall coverage of the New York
governor's fall from grace?

What little we've heard from him includes a few fatuous quotes about how he
needs time with this family to atone and seek redemption before he will return
to "serve the common good."

What we've heard about him from supporters and opponents alike is sympathy for
his family and muted empathy for him. It's almost as if Spitzer weren't the
author of his own misfortune.

It's Spitzer -- not the women -- who deserves the scrutiny. He's the reason that
this is a story at all because of his reputation for fearlessly fighting
organized crime and corruption.

Yet while the women's photos are splashed all over television, newspapers and
the Internet and their lives, motivations and clothing picked over ad nauseam,
there's been almost no substantive commentary on the venality of the
ex-governor's conduct or the reasons why men like him so often are brought down
by such base behaviour.

By sneaking around and hiring prostitutes, Spitzer was more than a hypocrite. He
risked not only public and legal sanctions, he risked being blackmailed by the
organized crime groups he was pursuing at his day job.

All of that is bad. But what's stomach-churning is that Spitzer was caught after
having paid to have "unsafe sex" with a woman only a few years older than his
three daughters.

What kind of a man does that? What kind of a father does that? All kinds,
according to all of the research on men who go to prostitutes.

Yet I haven't seen any psychologists weighing in on why immensely powerful men
still needing to hire women their children's age and command them to perform
sexual acts.

I haven't seen sociologists or criminologists explaining why powerful men still
feel it necessary degrade and devalue women including their own wives and
daughters.

But because he's a man it's as if we don't need to ask these questions. Somehow,
in western societies we're generally content with the explanation that this is
"just men being men."

We seem sanguine about the apparent contradiction that, the more powerful the
man, the less able he is to control his sexual desire.

And if the media coverage is any indication, we apparently believe that it's not
the men who are humiliated by their own behaviour, its their wives who should be
humiliated because they showed up at their husband's press conferences.

It would be nice to think only the American media has been sucked into this
vortex. But the national Canadian media has been salaciously wallowing in it as
well.

The National Post's front page Thursday had a gigantic photo of a 22-year-old
who escaped a bad home life to become one of a string of prostitutes that the
48-year-old paid for sex. Below the fold was a photo of Spitzer's wife, Silda,
along with a story about why political wives stand by their disgraced men.

Post readers did get to see what Spitzer looks like inside the paper where there
was a photo of him -- with, of course, Silda at his side.

The Globe and Mail didn't run a single photo of Spitzer on Thursday even though
it ran small photo of the prostitute on the front below the fold and a larger
one of her in a bikini inside alongside two stories. No photos accompanied the
two columns in the lifestyle section that focused on Silda, including one that
detailed what she wore with her humiliation.

A woman may be running to be president of the United States. Ironically, it's
Hillary Clinton, who stood by her man and even advised Silda Spitzer about what
she might expect as the first lady of New York.

But when it comes to the public perception of women, the Spitzer saga shows how
little distance we've travelled from Garden of Eden, where Eve took all the
blame for Adam eating the apple.

dbramham@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Yuri Gripas, Reuters, Vancouver Sun, Files; In his days as a moral
crusader, New York Governor Eliot Spitzer takes a question at a news conference
on Capitol Hill in Washington on Nov. 14, 2007. ;
Photo: Larry Downing, Reuters, Vancouver Sun, Files; Who, me? Bill Clinton fends
off reporters' questions about Monica Lewinsky in Washington on April 30, 1998.
;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                        July 7, 2015 Tuesday 9:21 AM GMT

Women's World Cup reminds us what football should be about

BYLINE: By Henry McDonald

SECTION: NEWS ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 592 words


So, what a way to count in the first hours of your 50th birthday: to stay up
watching the USA comprehensively beating Japan in the Women's World Cup final.

Thanks to Carli Lloyd and her crew, that passage from my forties into the big
five oh went a whole lot smoother in the early hours of yesterday.

When you reach 50 - or so the cliche goes - you become more cynical and
conservative. Carlo Gebler, the Fermanagh-based novelist, has captured this
change-of-life-crisis perfectly towards the end of his new memoir, Confessions
of a Catastrophist, when he confesses that his thoughts these days are "more
Daily Mail than Guardian".

I am happy to report that my middle-age metamorphosis has not lurched too far to
the right and I still refuse to accept free copies of the Irish Daily Mail when
I pay for the Guardian every Saturday morning in Connolly Station before
boarding the Dublin-to-Belfast train.

There is, of course, one passion in my life that has been tainted with cynicism
and world-weariness - football. The recent scandals involving Sepp Blatter and
the Fifa kleptocrats; the inflated wages of Premier League players alongside the
venality of their agents; the influence of Russian billionaires and Gulf sheikhs
in delivering trophies to a chosen golden circle of clubs and the rising price
of going through the turnstiles at top-flight matches is enough to put you off
following what is still laughably called "the people's game."

Yet the joy and the elation of the US team and the tears of the Japanese players
in Vancouver remind you of the brighter side of world football.

The entire tournament has been a pleasure to watch and even England's agony in
the semi-final provided the same type of drama on an international stage that we
haven't seen since I was at Italia '90, when we had Gazza's tears and another
heartbreaking penalty shoot-out.

Carli Lloyd's hat-trick produced the high-point of the competition and was a
feat last matched by one of her male counterparts in a World Cup final, Geoff
Hurst's three goals in 1966. She also became the dominant actor in the
tournament in the same way Maradona did back in Mexico '86.

In a hiatus year between the men's World Cup and the European Championships, in
an otherwise football-free early summer, the women from the USA, Japan, England
and all the other teams at the competition gave us some heartening reminders of
what the game should be about.

One thing, for instance, mercifully absent from the women's matches was petulant
arguing with the officials and a distinct lack of fake injury/play-acting.

There were 22 feminists on a pitch in Canada last Monday morning - no, that is
not the start of some 1970s-style Bernard Manningesque so-called "joke". Rather,
it is an observation about the way the American and Japanese female footballers
were role models in their sport; not only for millions of young girls and women
around the world who want to play football, but also for us male fans to pay
more attention to and give deeper respect to the women's game.

All of the international sides in Canada, especially the finalists, are winners
in that they have struck a blow for female sporting equality, or at least
advanced the struggle towards that goal in the global game.

They did so unconsciously by simply playing the game they love and, in doing so,
they also gave this old crock 90-plus minutes of joy just as he reached
half-a-century.

Henry McDonald is a Cliftonville and Everton fan and hopes to follow Northern
Ireland around France next summer

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                             June 8, 2002 Saturday

Wall Street 10005

BYLINE: by Robert Teitelman

SECTION: M AND A

LENGTH: 738 words

HIGHLIGHT: A recap and analysis of the high-octane financial world and its
newsmakers.


For more than a year, Wall Street's response to mounting anti-Wall Street
sentiment has been a vast, echoing silence.

Busy fending off IPO and analyst investigations, digging out e-mails and memos,
debating with the press the definition of "probe," and firing people, the Street
has failed to offer even a lackluster public defense.

Its silence, in fact, has served as a further indictment. The Securities
Industries Association did gin up analyst guidelines, which were promptly hooted
off the stage, then forgotten with the arrival of Eliot Spitzer. Merrill Lynch &
Co. chief Dave Komansky's apologies now seem lame. As for Mack, Purcell,
Paulson, Weill (and office-mate Rubin), Fuld, Cayne and Harrison, they kept
their heads below the parapet. Just about the only good PR from Wall Street came
from that indefatigable bell ringer, Dick Grasso, at the Big Board, who, post
Sept. 11, attempted to wrap the Street in red, white and blue.

All of which helps to explain the excitement when Goldman, Sachs & Co.'s Hank
Paulson went public Wednesday. It's true that Paulson was just backing the
governance guidelines Grasso's NYSE committee was readying for release. And
Paulson and his handlers undoubtedly tested his speech with clients beforehand.
Paulson also has the considerable advantage of representing a firm that has so
far sidestepped the big scandals.

And his speech wasn't exactly the Gettysburg Address. In fact, it was sort of
strange that while he chastised corporate America, he never touched on Wall
Street's own sins.

But at least he showed up. And the fact that he did so suggests that perhaps
Goldman has begun to edge into the role that used to be held by the old J.P.
Morgan & Co., as the voice of the community.

Not everyone need apply for this job. Grasso has too many bosses. For all his
great works, Felix Rohatyn was always more a critic, fix-it man and political
activist than communal voice. Citicorp's John Reed might once have assumed a
larger role, but he was deeply distrusted for his tendency to resemble an
unguided missile.

In fact by the early '90s, with the departure of Lewis Preston to the World
Bank, even Morgan began going its own way. The Street was consolidating.
Commercial banks were pitted against investment banks. Relationships were
supplanted by transactions. Firms got bigger, more global, more competitive; the
community frayed. No one filled the void.

You don't need a voice in good times. But Wall Street is under greater attack
than at any time since the early '30s. Misdeeds have been committed; reforms are
necessary. Some of the charges are simple-minded, some of the reforms are naive.
And for all its obvious greed and venality, Wall Street fulfills an essential
role in a profoundly complex economy.

Somebody needs to stand up and represent the joint. If it's not Goldman, meaning
Paulson, it's hard to imagine who it will be.

From the strange bedfellows file: CBS (read Viacom Inc.) has told Charles Schwab
that it will not run its cheeky ad implying that Wall Street (read Merrill
Lynch) publicly pushes stocks it privately believes to be, well, pigs. According
to The Wall Street Journal, which broke the story, CBS' decision was a matter of
simple arithmetic: Merrill significantly outspends Schwab on advertising, so why
annoy it with lines like "let's put some lipstick on this pig?" But we wonder if
there isn't something larger going on here. As a new millennium media behemoth,
Viacom's relationship with a giant brokerage such as Merrill -  and Wall Street
as a whole -  isn't just about ad dollars, but dollars of all kind.

Consider: Merrill is home of Jessica Reif Cohen, one of the most influential
media analysts on The Street. Viacom wouldn't want to offend her, would it? Then
there's Sumner Redstone and Mel Karmazin, two fellas who leaned heavily on Wall
Street for both capital and guidance as they built the companies that eventually
formed Viacom. Redstone for instance, tapped Merrill for advice when he first
bought Viacom in 1987; Karmazin asked The Thundering Herd to lead an IPO when
his Infinity Broadcasting went public in 1998. Why sell the firm out to discount
broker Charles Schwab now?

If the past few months have taught us anything, it's that relationships between
corporate America and the big Street firms are deep-rooted and complex. You
gotta know who your friends are. -  Yvette Kantrow

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                              973 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Mass. Board of Bar Overseers reinstates Stephen Hrones

BYLINE: Mass. Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 486  words


A divided Board of Bar Overseers is allowing criminal defense attorney Stephen
B. Hrones to return to the practice of law after a year-long timeout.

In a 6-1 vote, the board reinstated Hrones on Aug. 17. The Boston lawyer has
made a name for himself battling with police and prosecutors over the past four
decades.

"This whole situation has been really hard on me personally," Hrones says. "I'm
really anxious to get back to work and to try to rebuild my practice. My
reputation's been tarnished, and that is something that's been very difficult to
live with. "

Before his disciplinary woes, Hrones was best known for his efforts in
exonerating the wrongfully convicted, such as Donnell Johnson, who was released
from prison after five years behind bars for the 1994 murder of Jermaine
Goffigan.

But that work took a back seat in 2010 when the Office of Bar Counsel accused
Hrones of expanding his practice into the employment arena, an area about which
he knew far too little, the BPD says.

Rather than hitting the books or sitting in on MCLE seminars, Hrones delegated
his newly created employment practice to a paralegal who had graduated from law
school but never passed the bar.

The assistant ended up botching a number of cases before the Massachusetts
Commission Against Discrimination and the Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission, the BBO found.

Hrones' misconduct resulted in a one-year suspension in September 2010;
Assistant Bar Counsel Susan Strauss Weisberg had requested two years.

In a six-page ruling, the BBO says Hrones can return to lawyering provided he
confines his practice to criminal defense and police-misconduct matters.

"While we do not condone the conduct that led to his suspension, we view that
conduct as an aberration in the context of his career as a whole," the board
writes. "[W]e conclude that the public interest would be well served by his
reinstatement, provided the scope of his practice is limited to his usual
practice areas. "

Hrones' missteps were the product of negligence, not venality or ill will, the
decision adds.

Bolstered by the testimony of noted Boston attorney J.W. Carney Jr., the board
decided that Hrones, 70, should receive a second chance.

"Given his value to his clients and to the public perception of the legal
profession, we believe he should be permitted the honor and dignity of finishing
his career as a lawyer doing what he does well," the ruling states.

Harvey Weiner of the Boston law firm Peabody & Arnold represents Hrones.

"I am thrilled that one of the great criminal defense attorneys of the last 40
years can once again defend the most disadvantaged in our commonwealth, and
perhaps might once again exonerate someone who was wrongly convicted," Weiner
says.

Bar Counsel Constance V. Vecchione says while it's unusual to limit the work a
reinstated lawyer can do, it's perfectly reasonable.

"This kind of condition is rare," she says, "but not unheard of. "



LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     November 5, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

Say it ain't so - An ordinary Joe: DiMaggio falls from grace -- or was he
pushed?

BYLINE: Allen Abel

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: THE CITIZEN'S WEEKLY: BOOKS, Pg. C14 / Front

LENGTH: 830 words


Joe DiMaggio: The Hero's Life

By Richard Ben Cramer

Simon & Schuster; 528 pages; $41.50

- - -

He had the mightiest bat, the itchiest palm and the biggest salami in the
American League. He was the son of an illiterate fisherman. He played in 10
World Series and won nine. They called him the Dago, or the Daig.

He died March 8, 1999, and the two things that killed him were cigarette smoking
between innings, and the thought that anyone else might make a buck off his
name.

He got to give Marilyn Monroe a major-league jolting -- as he called the act of
love -- during their nine-month marriage, but her orgasms were faked. He ordered
that fresh roses be placed at her grave in perpetuity -- but that was her
moonstruck wish, not his devotion. Besides, it was just Hollywood; William
Powell had done the same when Jean Harlow died.

Forty-five years after he retired, around 1950, from the New York Yankees
outfield, sitting at a table in some exposition hall, head down, hidden behind
reflective glasses, never looking up or speaking, mechanically signing bats and
balls and photos for the common fans he loathed, he was still the highest-paid
man in baseball -- maybe $10 million a year, much of it in untraceable, untaxed
cash. Yet after a day of autographing, he would still take the marking pens
home. There was some ink left in those babies!

Because he never opened his soul or his safe-deposit boxes in public and shook
out the hundred-dollar bills and the heartaches, it was impossible to avowedly
detest (or even know) Joseph Paul DiMaggio. No one wrote, when he was alive,
what a miserly and miserable bastard he could be.

"He was revered for his mystery," we are told in Richard Ben Cramer's
meticulously menacing, painful and painstaking biography. "We cheered him for
never giving himself entirely to us." Here, the cheering stops. To Cramer, the
Great DiMaggio -- as Hemingway called him in The Old Man and the Sea (Joe kept
his copy bookmarked to the quotation) -- has overturned the natural order of
things: Immortal while he was alive, he has achieved venality in death.

Down and down the spiral of DiMaggio's pettiness, avarice, vendetta and
manipulation, Cramer leads his readers. It is a massive and disputatious book,
full of innuendo and intrigue, its acknowledgments numerous, its citations few.
(Friends wouldn't say a discouraging word about the Daig until he was safely
buried. Then they opened up like songbirds.) Much of the closing third of the
book is taken up with the sordid corruption of the collectibles trade that
turned the fluid Yankee centre-fielder of the '30s and '40s into a robotic shill
in the '80s and '90s. And, of course, there was the pitiful circus of DiMaggio
and Monroe and Arthur Miller and the pills and the movies and the Kennedys.

The work emanates, in places, the undisguised vengeance of the unauthorized
historian. ("Joe didn't want to help with the biography. He didn't want to help
anybody know his life.") Cramer can be as petty as the Dago, yet there are
moments when his artistry trumps his muckraking, as when he describes DiMaggio
following a ball off the bat: "... till it hung at the top of its arc, dead
still in his sky for an instant, because he was moving perfectly toward its
path, to intersection ... and slowing, now, to the glide that would let him
leisurely raise his glove and bare hand (always two hands, to take care of
business) and put it away ... so he could trot in, ball in his glove, deadpan,
confident, controlling, gathering teammates ahead of him homeward, a strong
shepherd, to the dugout again ..."

The story is far more pleasing early on, as Cramer traces DiMaggio's path from a
wooden shack on a stinking California creek to the San Francisco sandlots to his
sudden summons to New York in the trough of the Great Depression, when the
Yankees (after the bloated Babe's retirement) were literally Ruth-less, and the
city was starved for a celebrity with class.

A first-generation American, granted by the New World gods an inexplicable
talent for the national game, he had, by the age of 21, "jumped from newsboy to
national star without apprenticeship, no stops in between ... and his feet had
barely touched ground. That made him an odd mix: majestic and modest at the same
time ... He was mindful of rules, compliant to authority; still, he angled for
every edge ... Fancy people -- those with status, importance -- made him so
nervous he wouldn't say a word. But he showed not a moment's doubt when he told
Mr. Barrow (one-time Yankees general manager) and Col. Jake Ruppert (a Yankees
owner) to take their first five-thousand dollar contract and go shit in their
hats."

He would play from then on the most expansive and exposed of baseball's
positions. Centre field in the centre of the world. Out there in all that open
space and sunlight, he should have known that someday he'd be sighted and shot
down.

Allen Abel is a Toronto writer.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: The Sporting News ; Joe DiMaggio: From, national
legend to anti-hero.; Black & White Photo: (Book Cover: Joe, Dimaggio: The
Hero's Life by Richard Ben Cramer)

TYPE: Feature; Review

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

THE RURAL LIFE;
Voices From a Forgotten Landscape

BYLINE: By VERLYN KLINKENBORG

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 646 words


The premise of the American West has always been that there is another west
lying just over the horizon, a place to annul the past, to re-originate. That
premise was never completely true, but it was a way of making sense of such a
vast quantity of land. Now, however, the next west lies well within the circle
of the immediate horizon, and it is annulling the past at an unforgiving, and
unforgivable, rate. East of Denver, heading west, you almost hate to come to a
ridgeline on the prairie for fear of what will unfold before you. First a lone
outpost of houses clustering on a slope, still raw from the earthmovers' work,
then garrison after garrison of signature subdivisions closing in on Denver
itself.

For many Coloradans, a kind of geographical fatigue has set in, fatigue being
another word for a sense of helplessness. The old wounds -- the places where a
megamall or a new crowd of houses has replaced hayfields and pastures -- do not
necessarily heal in the minds of some of the drivers inching through Boulder,
for instance. The shock of the new does not necessarily go away when the new
turns less new. All around the fringes of Denver, you come across roads like one
I took across Lafayette a few weeks ago. On one side of the highway, the old
pattern of land use was still visible -- aging farmsteads, mostly shorn of their
outlying acres, set back from the pavement among mature windbreaks. On the other
side, the bare earth was glazed with freezing rain, which fell as well on a
sinuous array of newly built houses, already hard-wired for an alternate
reality. The highway, until recently a rural road, had become a two-lane bypass
for irritable commuters.

I often think about some words written a few years before the Ghost Dance
massacre at Wounded Knee, more than a century ago, by R. B. Cunninghame Graham,
an English horseman, essayist and politician. Graham, who had spent years in
Texas, Mexico and South America, was commenting on the Indian question in The
Daily Graphic. "The bulk of mankind," he wrote, "declare that a prairie with
corn growing on it, and a log house or two with a corrugated iron roof, is a
more pleasing sight than the same prairie with a herd of wild horses on it, and
the beaver swimming in every creek."

But these two scenes -- the log-house prairie and the wild-horse prairie and
even the old farmsteads near Lafayette -- are now so distant in time that they
almost seem to us to be the same place. In America, we've learned to dismiss
rural life as a relic of the past, and in so doing have made it easier to
justify the sprawl now girdling every city in this nation. Where
asphalt-shingled houses spread across the horizon, it sometimes looks like the
ash a prairie fire leaves behind. The houses spread almost as fast as prairie
fire, but their effect is longer lasting. They are monuments to incomplete
arguments, to false assumptions about economic progress and demographic
necessity. The strange part is that those endless new streets and new houses
almost always enshrine an idea of land use, of community, of living itself, that
is already old and failing, an experiment that is tried and found wanting day
after day.

Moreover, what you do in one place affects what you do elsewhere. Denver and its
environs are the proof. If you turn the Rockies into a playground or, at best,
an idealized wilderness, and if you reduce agricultural living to a vestige of
an almost forgotten past, then you have cleared the ground for paving the rest
of the state clear to Kansas in one direction and to Wyoming in another. To
speak from the rural conscience -- to say, simply, that this is the wrong way to
go about things, reflecting a deep human venality and a willingness to be bribed
into ignorance -- is to speak from a place of silence, where no one expects to
hear wisdom anymore.   VERLYN KLINKENBORG

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              976 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              June 15, 1987 Monday
                                  Late Edition

NORTH'S FAMILY CIRCLE OF "TRUE BELIEVERS"

BYLINE: AMBROSE EVANS-PRITCHARD Source: The Spectator

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1263 words


WASHINGTON'S National Security Council must have been an incestuous sort of
place. Fawn Hall was secretary to Lieutenant-Colonel Oliver North, her mother
was secretary to Bud McFarlane, North's direct superior, and they all adored
each other. When this Contra cabal was not in session, Fawn would often be out
with her Nicaraguan boyfriend Arturo Cruz jnr, one-time Trotskyist and now a
consultant to the Contras. His father was a director of the United Nicaraguan
Opposition at the time. In fact, Arturo Cruz snr was being slipped $7,000 a
month by Oliver North to make sure he continued to lend his reputation and his
sensible banker's face to the Contra movement.

But no, said Fawn, she didn't know anything about the Contras, "she was just a
secretary". Instructed by her lawyer, Plato Cacheris, to look pretty and plead
ignorance, she told the congressional committee "it was a policy of mine not to
ask questions". But her testimony told another story. She worked devotedly for
12 to 14 hours a day trying to keep up with the astonishing Colonel North as he
arranged for the invasion of Grenada, the mining of the Nicaraguan ports, the
interception of the Achille Lauro hijackers and the bombing of Libya. When the
FBI was on North's trail last November, she not only joined in the "shredding
party" - shoving secret documents into the machine so impetuously that it jammed
- but even took it upon herself to include telephone logs that might have
compromised General Secord and other Contrapreneurs.

She also redrafted a series of documents after North had expunged passages
suggesting he was helping the Contras. Four days later, in tears that her"dream
boss" had been suddenly fired from the NSC, she realised she had forgotten to
shred the original versions of the altered documents. So she smuggled them out
in her boots and down her back. Yes, she admitted at the end of the day, she was
a "true believer", and "sometimes you have to go above the written law".

Her testimony leaves little doubt that Oliver North can be prosecuted for
obstruction of justice but she fiercely defended his motives against suggestions
of venality. First, we learned that the Contra leader, Adolfo Calero, dipping
into the $32 million he got from Suadi Arabia, gave $98North,000 in traveller's
cheques for a hostage rescue-operation. The cheques began to surface with
North's signature at Giant Supermarkets, Farragut Valet, Park-Lane Hosiery, and
$100 went on snow tyres.

"When was the last time it snowed in Nicaragua?" asked Senator Rudman.

There could be an explanation. Fawn Hall borrowed three $20 cheques one Friday
night because the banks were closed. She says she later paid it back. But then
came admissions by Albert Hakim, the Iranian born businessman who controls the
remaining $8-million profits from the Iran arms sale, that he set up a $200,000
trust, known as the "belly-button" account, for Oliver North's family in case
the Colonel was killed in his trip to Teheran in May 1986. North returned alive
but the fund continued.

It is still disputed whether the money was for North alone or a sort of
insurance for all the members of the Iran-Contra team. But Hakim later tried to
set up a phoney real-estate deal by which $70,000 could be passed to North's
wife, Betsy, to pay for the education of their children. The money never changed
hands but she did make a trip to Philadelphia to meet the go-between.

Several Republicans accused the the mellifluous, smiling Hakim of trying to
manipulate North. "You literally wanted to have him in your hip pocket," said
Representative Michael DeWine. Hakim replied that, although he bribes routinely
in Iran, he is clean in America and that, in any case, he worships Oliver North:
"The radiations of love penetrated my system," he said.

Arthur Liman, the Senate council, quipped that "it must have been love at first
sight" since Hakim had only met North twice when the "belly-button"account was
first created.

The Democrats are incensed that, at one stage, Hakim, whom they can barely bring
themselves to think of as an American, was negotiating directly with the Iranian
delegation for the release of US hostages. Worse, he was being pressed by North
to "meet a deadline ... because the November 1986 elections were coming up".
Worse still, in order to achieve this election surprise, North and General
Secord were promising the Iranians that the US would defend Iran against the
Soviet Union and would try to topple President Saddam Hussein of Iraq. "That we
find ... a lieutenant-colonel, who everyone suggests is second only to the
President of the United States, committing this country, its power and majesty,
to defend Iran, is just unbelievable," growled Daniel Inouye, the impeccable
Senate committee chairman, almost losing his temper for the first time in these
hearings.

The thrust of the investigations seems to have shifted in the last two or three
weeks.Instead of regarding Oliver North as a misguided patriot and a scapegoat
for the President, the committee is tending to focus on North himself, who is
coming across as a much more cunning, complex and inscrutable man than he seemed
at first. He is a compulsive fibber, dropping the name of the President with
childlike abandon and even testifying under oath that he was once a pre-medical
student at the University of Rochester when, in fact, he studied English at
Brockport State. Yet he seems to mesmerise everyone who comes before him. While
some of the witnesses in the hearings have taken swipes at each other, all have
lavished praise on Oliver North.

When he comes before the committee in late July, turning the hearings into a
national spectacle they have so far failed to be, he may make an extraordinary
impression. With the kind of energetic, passionate appeal he once made so
successfully to Contra donors, an harangue laced with biblical quotes, patriotic
cliches, warnings about communism in Central America and reproachful tales about
the stab in the back in Vietnam, he may arouse more sympathy than many of his
inquisitors, notably, the odious Senator Rudman. If North can persuade the
nation that he is not, in fact, a thief and if the special prosecutor, Lawrence
Walsh, pushes his case too vindictively, there could be a serious backlash. If
the numerous but largely inarticulate conservatives in America rallied around
Oliver North and defended him, and what he stands for, with same tenacity shown
by the liberal intelligentsia in pursuing him, then this country might end up as
bitterly

divided as France in the Dreyfus Affair.

The signs are that special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh is going to try to convict
as many people as possible, including Robert (Bud) McFarlane, to name but one,
who may have crossed the line on Contra aid while National Security Adviser. By
going for the throat, Walsh is ensuring that the whole dispute will have to be
resolved by the Supreme Court, since his victims will fight back. A conspiracy
charge depends, presumably, on a violation of the famous Bovine Amendment,
properly called the Boland Amendment, that at different times and in different
ways restricted aid to the Contras. The Administration's first defence is that
it did not apply to the NSC, where North, McFarlane et al were working. The
second defence was that if it did apply then it was patently unconstitutional
since it takes away the President's power to conduct foreign policy.

But though the Supreme Court may rescue McFarlane and the others, as well as
knocking Congress out of the cat seat, it is hard to see how anything can save
Oliver North.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two ports: Ms Hall ... "impetuous" at shredding. Colonel North ...
mesmerising.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      October 9, 1997 Thursday 2D EDITION

Checks, lies and videotape

BYLINE: Maureen Dowd

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 662 words


Everyone, even Trent Lott, thinks Fred Thompson has mangled his campaign finance
hearings.

But the senator from Tennessee was inspired by the discovery of the tapes of
White House coffees, tapes that cry out for some "What's Up, Tiger Lily?"
subtitles to go along with the pictures of Bill Clinton shaking hands with a
small Indonesian landscaper who says "James Riady sent me," and of the hapless
former Democratic party chief Donald Fowler fending off a man trying to give him
five checks by muttering about attorneys and getting the money later.

Anyhow, Thompson had a new elan on Tuesday, showing the arousing footage and
making a speech so stirring it could have come from his last Clint Eastwood
movie.

He said it was unfair to beat up on Al Gore and Janet Reno. He said the "missing
player" should come forward. "Mr. President," the Republican chairman said in
his plangent baritone, "much of this money that was raised, illegal money, was
for your campaign and for your re-election. This is your White House. ... Now I
think the American people expect you to step up to the plate and take
responsibility, because surely nobody wants this to go down looking like a
successful cover-up of much more serious activities."

There was only one problem with this sermon. It was addressed to Bill Clinton.

Does it make any sense to ask the man who has won two presidential terms
precisely because he is an artful dodger, the man who has now settled into the
role of the highly rewarded rogue, the man whose motto is "The Buck Stops There"
- does Thompson truly expect this man to step up to the plate?

Has the Clinton White House ever forthrightly complied with document requests?
Surely Thompson hasn't forgotten the case of the levitating Rose Law Firm
billing documents and the peripatetic FBI files on top Bush officials? Surely
he's noticed that just about everyone who is supposed to testify about the
Clintons' financial waywardness either loses his memory, destroys documents or
flees the country?

Lanny Davis, the president's special assistant for obstruction, was bouncing
around outside the hearing room trying to top his explanation of why Janet Reno
got hung out to dry, why no one at the White House told her about the 44 tapes
of coffees before she issued her exculpatory report on the coffees on Friday.
They couldn't reach anyone at the Justice Department because it was Rosh
ha-Shanah.

He offered more ludicrous reasons about why the White House couldn't find the
videos, taped by the in-house archival film crew, for nine months after the
committee requested them because they were typing the wrong key words into the
computer.   One reporter wondered if they had forgotten "coffee" had two e's.

"We were using proper nouns, not nouns," Davis said, justifying the improper.

All the computer searches seem beside the point since the president and other
officials saw the White House crew filming.

"It's up to you to declare us incompetent," Davis told reporters. "Just don't
declare us venal."

Of course, nothing serves venality as well as incompetence.

It was left to Harold Ickes, in his opening statement, to make the
everybody-else-did-it argument. As the president's point man in 1996, he said,
he modeled his office on the one established in the Reagan and Bush years by
James Baker.

But Ickes was being modest. Even the most devious Republican, the late Lee
Atwater, would be awed by their arrogance, by the scale of illegal millions
harvested and by their breathtaking tackiness in selling the Lincoln Bedroom, et
al.

The senators were getting into a frenzy of outrage at being subverted by the
White House even as Trent Lott was over on the floor smothering campaign finance
reform.

Ickes had their hypocritical number when he dryly noted: "I respectfully suggest
that your complaint is with the law, not with us. We played by the rules."

So that's it: The law made them do it. Maureen Dowd writes for the New York
Times

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday

All the way with Lyndon B. Johnson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; D; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 817  words


Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours after the
assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East Room of
the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian, convened a
lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other administration
liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964 Democratic
presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and instead run a
ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert Humphrey.This example
of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who became
20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in Robert
Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate volume in
his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as America's
most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively readable
political biography.

The new volume arrives 30 years after the first, and its timing is
serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current lamentations about the
decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's cringe-inducing
catalog of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson by many New
Frontiersmen, and with obsessive hatred by Robert Kennedy.Caro demonstrates that
when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John Kennedy selected
Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate, Robert Kennedy
worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to convince Johnson
to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly would have lost
Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana - President Eisenhower had
carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 - and the election.Johnson,
one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in Washington, had
no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country was as mesmerized
as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally announce his candidacy
until six days before the 1960 convention.Johnson did, however, know how to use
the presidency. Almost half the book covers the 47 days between the
assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the Union address. In that span he
began breaking the congressional logjam against liberal legislation that had
existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling against Franklin Roosevelt's plan
to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a durable congressional coalition of
Republicans and Southern Democrats.Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson
putting the power of the presidency behind a discharge petition that, by
advancing, compelled a Southern committee chairman to allow what became the 1964
Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate, where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of
another Southern chairman prevented tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to
the civil rights filibuster. By taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating
Johnson's virtuosity regarding them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers,
who should reciprocate the compliment.Caro astringently examines Johnson's
repulsive venality (regarding his Texas broadcasting properties) and bullying
(notably of Texas journalists, through their employers) but devotes ample pages
to honoring Johnson as the most exemplary political leader since Lincoln
regarding race. As vice president, he refused to attend the 400th anniversary of
the founding of St. Augustine, Fla., unless the banquet would be integrated -
and not, he insisted, with a "Negro table" off to the side. He said civil rights
legislation would "say to the Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi
or the Oriental on the West Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are
going to treat you all equally and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the
humiliations and insecurities that were never far from Johnson's mind.Caro is a
conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress extended
federal rent-control laws - the only protection against exorbitant rents for
millions of families ...") but is also a valuable anachronism, a historian who
rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left out." These
historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on event-making
individuals; they deny that a pre-eminent few have disproportionate impact on
the destinies of the many; they present political events as "epiphenomena,"
reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal forces. Caro's
event-making Johnson is a very personal force.Samuel Johnson said of Milton's
"Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it longer. Not so Caro's great work,
which already fills 3,388 pages. When his fifth volume, treating the Great
Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers' gratitude will be exceeded only by their
regret that there will not be a sixth. George Will's email address is
georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

The exemplary LBJ

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 814 words


Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours after the
assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East Room of
the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian, convened a
lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other administration
liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964 Democratic
presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and instead run a
ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography.

The new volume arrives 30 years after the first, and its timing is
serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current lamentations about the
decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's cringe-inducing
catalogue of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson by many New
Frontiersmen and, with obsessive hatred, by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
persuade Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana - President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 - and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson putting the power of the presidency
behind a discharge petition that, by advancing, compelled a Southern committee
chairman to allow what became the 1964 Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate,
where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of another Southern chairman prevented
tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to the civil rights filibuster. By
taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating Johnson's virtuosity regarding
them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers, who should reciprocate the
compliment.

Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding his Texas
broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists, through
their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated - and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws - the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families . . . .") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a preeminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a very personal force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages. When his
fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

The exemplary LBJ

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 814 words


Around noon on Saturday, Nov. 23, 1963, almost exactly 24 hours after the
assassination in Dallas, while the president's casket lay in the East Room of
the White House, Arthur Schlesinger, John Kennedy's kept historian, convened a
lunch at Washington's Occidental restaurant with some other administration
liberals. Their purpose was to discuss how to deny the 1964 Democratic
presidential nomination to the new incumbent, Lyndon Johnson, and instead run a
ticket of Attorney General Robert Kennedy and Sen. Hubert Humphrey.

This example of the malignant malice of some liberals against the president who
became 20th-century liberalism's most consequential adherent is described in
Robert Caro's "The Passage of Power," the fourth and, he insists, penultimate
volume in his "The Years of Lyndon Johnson," which when completed will rank as
America's most ambitiously conceived, assiduously researched and compulsively
readable political biography.

The new volume arrives 30 years after the first, and its timing is
serendipitous: Are you seeking an antidote to current lamentations about the
decline of political civility? Immerse yourself in Caro's cringe-inducing
catalogue of humiliations, gross and petty, inflicted on Johnson by many New
Frontiersmen and, with obsessive hatred, by Robert Kennedy.

Caro demonstrates that when, at the Democrats' 1960 Los Angeles convention, John
Kennedy selected Johnson, an opponent for the nomination, as his running mate,
Robert Kennedy worked with furious dishonesty against his brother, trying to
persuade Johnson to decline. Had Robert succeeded, his brother almost certainly
would have lost Texas, and perhaps both Carolinas and Louisiana - President
Eisenhower had carried five of the 11 Confederate states in 1956 - and the
election.

Johnson, one of the few presidents who spent most of their adult lives in
Washington, had no idea how to win the presidency. Convinced that the country
was as mesmerized as Washington is by the Senate, Johnson did not formally
announce his candidacy until six days before the 1960 convention.

Johnson did, however, know how to use the presidency. Almost half the book
covers the 47 days between the assassination and Johnson's Jan. 8 State of the
Union address. In that span he began breaking the congressional logjam against
liberal legislation that had existed since 1938 when the nation, recoiling
against Franklin Roosevelt's plan to "pack" the Supreme Court, produced a
durable congressional coalition of Republicans and Southern Democrats.

Caro is properly enthralled by Johnson putting the power of the presidency
behind a discharge petition that, by advancing, compelled a Southern committee
chairman to allow what became the 1964 Civil Rights Act to get to the Senate,
where Johnson's meticulous cultivation of another Southern chairman prevented
tax cut legislation from becoming hostage to the civil rights filibuster. By
taking such arcana seriously, and celebrating Johnson's virtuosity regarding
them, Caro honors the seriousness of his readers, who should reciprocate the
compliment.

Caro astringently examines Johnson's repulsive venality (regarding his Texas
broadcasting properties) and bullying (notably of Texas journalists, through
their employers) but devotes ample pages to honoring Johnson as the most
exemplary political leader since Lincoln regarding race. As vice president, he
refused to attend the 400th anniversary of the founding of St. Augustine, Fla.,
unless the banquet would be integrated - and not, he insisted, with a "Negro
table" off to the side. He said civil rights legislation would "say to the
Mexican in California or the Negro in Mississippi or the Oriental on the West
Coast or the Johnsons in Johnson City that we are going to treat you all equally
and fairly." Caro never loses sight of the humiliations and insecurities that
were never far from Johnson's mind.

Caro is a conventional liberal of the Great Society sort ("Unless Congress
extended federal rent-control laws - the only protection against exorbitant
rents for millions of families . . . .") but is also a valuable anachronism, a
historian who rejects the academic penchant for history "with the politics left
out." These historians consider it elitist and anti-democratic to focus on
event-making individuals; they deny that a preeminent few have disproportionate
impact on the destinies of the many; they present political events as
"epiphenomena," reflections of social "structures" and results of impersonal
forces. Caro's event-making Johnson is a very personal force.

Samuel Johnson said of Milton's "Paradise Lost" that no one ever wished it
longer. Not so Caro's great work, which already fills 3,388 pages. When his
fifth volume, treating the Great Society and Vietnam, arrives, readers'
gratitude will be exceeded only by their regret that there will not be a sixth.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Qatar Tribune

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

THE QUIET MAN

LENGTH: 808  words


WHEN John Ford was making The Quiet Man on location in the west of Ireland, the
studio head in Hollywood looked at the extravagantly gorgeous footage - which
would win the 1952 Oscar for colour cinematography - and complained,
"Everything's all green."

It had taken Ford, one of the world's greatest filmmakers, 20 years to persuade
anyone to bankroll the "silly little Irish story," as Maureen O'Hara, one of its
stars, dryly noted. And even then the director had to softpedal the IRA politics
that informed the 1933 Maurice Walsh story that the movie was based on, and he
had to fight to use Technicolor, the better to illuminate his Arden of green
hills, blue sea and red hair. I thought that by now The Quiet Man, once
considered a font of offensive drinking-and-brawling stereotypes by many native
Irish, including my dad, would have disappeared into the mist.

It has been 60 years since Ford arrived in Cong in County Mayo - spurring the
installation of electricity and phone lines - to shoot his sexy culture clash
and love letter to Ireland. Cong, the stand-in for the fictional Inisfree of the
movie, is still such a tourist magnet that the Irish had to designate a decoy
Quiet Man cottage, complete with creepy O'Hara and John Wayne mannequins,
because fans seeking keepsakes were dismantling the original chunk by chunk.

Standing on the little bridge where Wayne's Sean Thornton hears his dead
mother's voice, it struck me that Ford created the most potent cinematic images
of two countries, Ireland and America, indelibly shaping our dreams. The Irish
Cyclops, as he was known for wearing a black eyepatch, was the Old Master of
diametrically different landscapes, lush in the love story shot in Mayo and
dusty in the Westerns shot in Monument Valley. "It's so ironic that his people
left Ireland because they couldn't survive in the arid land during the famine,"
Joseph McBride, the author of Searching for John Ford, told me.

"But then Ford portrayed the American Dream as this prehistoric desert, and he
portrayed the old country as green and fertile." In 1965, Joan Didion wrote an
homage to the iconic Wayne character conjured by Ford and other directors: "In a
world we understood early to be characterised by venality and doubt and
polarising ambiguities, he suggested another world, one which may or may not
have existed ever but in any case existed no more; a place where a man could
move free, could make his own code and live by it." Wayne was, Didion wrote,
"the perfect mold," into which Ford could pour all "the inarticulate longings of
a nation wondering at just what pass the trail had been lost." The Duke tamed
the American West. Manifest Destiny on the hoof, as Garry Wills put it in John
Wayne's America, adding that he became the "pattern of manly American virtue,"
even though he avoided serving in World War II. In The Quiet Man, Wayne tames
the fiery O'Hara.

As he drags his obdurate bride across a field to fling her at the feet of her
obnoxious brother, a woman hands him a branch, saying, "Sir, here's a good stick
to beat the lovely lady." It's the most controversial line in the movie. But
O'Hara's Mary Kate Danaher is usually the one socking the peace-seeking Yank. As
the actress points out in Se Merry Doyle's 2010 documentary John Ford: Dreaming
The Quiet Man, the tongue-in-cheek line summed up the cantankerous and devious
Ford's brutal methods with actors. The director, the son of parents who fled
Spiddal in County Galway, was born John Martin Feeney near Portland, Maine.

His father was a bootlegger. He adopted the name Ford, but later liked to imply
he was from Galway, his name was Sean and he spoke Irish, getting O'Hara to
speak gibber-Irish with him to impress the crew. As the newspaper editor in
Ford's The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance said, "When the legend becomes fact,
print the legend." McBride hails Ford as "our national mythmaker, our
Shakespeare." Reviewing Fort Apache for The Nation in 1948, James Agee viciously
wrote: "There is enough Irish comedy to make me wish Cromwell had done a more
thorough job." But Ford's characters - and the land was always a character - are
vivid archetypes.

Fintan O'Toole of The Irish Times said the Irish were the Indians of imperial
Britain who became cowboys in America. The right-wing Wayne told Playboy in 1971
that the cowboys didn't steal the land, because the Indians "were selfishly
trying to keep it for themselves." Ford told the BBC in '68, "My sympathy is all
with the Indians," even though he veered between demonizing and valorizing them.
In searing works like How Green Was My Valley and The Grapes of Wrath, the
director was deeply influenced by his parents' exile. "He was always dwelling on
the breakup and collapse of family, community and traditional American ideals,"
McBride said, "which makes him interesting and modern in a sense."

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                         Copyright 2012 Qatar Tribune.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    September 22, 2000 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Whitewater, R.I.P.;
 Six-year investigation is not over yet

SECTION: EDITORIAL; In our opinion; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 344 words



For Bill and Hillary Clinton, it was vindication- of a sort.

After a six-year federal probe into the sleazy world of Arkansas insider dealing
in the 1970s and '80s, the independent prosecutor has terminated the
investigation into the tangled web of real estate, financial and legal
transactions dubbed Whitewater.

Although the investigation has produced two dozen indictments and 16
convictions, prosecutor Robert W. Ray found insufficient proof of criminal
behavior on the part of the Clintons.

Most Americans yearn for an end to this tawdry affair, but that is not yet to
be. The prosecutor still must complete federal grand jury inquiries into the
president's testimony concerning Monica S. Lewinsky.

Even in hindsight, there is something decidedly Kafkaesque about the progression
from financial shell games at an obscure Arkansas S&L to a presidential
impeachment. That Mr. Ray, and independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr before him,
acted scrupulously within their mandates and in accordance with the law only
heightens the surrealism.

One result of the probe has been the demise of the independent counsel law. The
well-intended post-Watergate attempt at reform proved to have ramifications
never envisioned by the Democrats who championed it.

Also among the unforeseen consequences are new constraints on executive
privilege delineated by the Supreme Court.

The investigation has provided a disillusioning glimpse into the conduct and
character of the Clinton presidency- from the firings at the travel office and
dubious handling of FBI files to sexual misconduct and perjury on the part of
the president.

For a president so inordinately concerned with legacy,'' the official end of the
Whitewater probe is cold comfort indeed.

Drawing upon the mother lode of material gathered by the independent
prosecutors, historians will be busy for decades attempting to determine to what
degree the Clintons were victims of a vast right-wing conspiracy'' and to what
degree they were ensnared by their own venality and contempt for the law.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              983 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 3, 1978, Friday, Final Edition

PRESIDENTIAL EMERGENCY;
Death and Donald Duck;
Defection, Death and Donald Duck in the Capital

BYLINE: By Walter Stovall (Dutton 292 pp. $8.95); The reviewer is an assistant
editor of Book World.

SECTION: Style; Book World; D1

LENGTH: 856 words


The Washington novel is the pizza of literature.

Just as the cheese-and-tomato pie (an American invention unknown in Italy) tell
us nothing about real Italian food, but everything about how Americans perceive
it, so the Washington novel reveals little about the real diurnal grind of
politics (no one is bidding on the movie rights to the Congressional Record),
but an astonishing amount about how we want to regard our leaders.

And judging from the Washington politicians portrayed in the books we like to
read, it is remarkable that anyone pays taxes.  As much as we may want them to
respect our wishes, vote right, and crank out robot letters, which are the
verbal equivalent of Cool-Whip, we secretly deplore those traits in fiction, and
give our sympathies to Machiavellian depravities only intermittently available
in real life.

Of course, verisimilitude is unnecessary for a best seller - or for aspirants to
that condition - and "Presidential Emergency" gets along fine without it,
perhaps.  President Joseph Hamilton is apparently about to defect to Red China
during a scheduled trip to Peking, and various persons are drawn into the effort
to stop, delay or kill him before he spends the rest of his life playing
ping-pong in a Mao suit.

Among them is the central character, Thack Forbes, a rumpled and competent
political consultant who once worked for the president until felled by a
real-estate scandal.  There are also a sensuous female Treasury Department
official, a gaggle of espionage types who steal from one another's computers
through a system called "Donald Duck," a jealous and wealthy vice president who
ran against the president in the primaries, an antique Supreme Court justice,
and an old Burma hand (connected to a new American pistol).

Each of these forces deals with the impending defection in its own way, and the
ensuing plot - admittedly brisk and at times nearly engrossing - is principally
interesting as an illustration of the obligatory rules for how we want to
perceive life in the federal city.

Rule One: Certain sophisticated motivations, such as hunger, must be explained
in detail.  But obvious Washington character traits - venality, envy,
narcissism, lust and xenophobia - may be regarded as self-evident.  If the
scrupulous should inquire after say, the vice president's motivation, it is
sufficient to note that his features "abruptly hardened into the vulgar
sharpness that characterizes the David portraits of Napoleon."

Rule Two: Murder is an inconsiderable palliative for political problems, in the
same color of the moral spectrum as post-dating checks or undertipping
waiters.And if Thack Forbes is asked to kill an old and dear friend with
"pathogenic accelerator" pills (a CIA nostrum which will do to you in seconds
what takes nature more than 70 years), then the reader had better find it
plausible.  And when Forbes can't do it ("His soul seemed to shrink.  He had
been unable to commit murder and he despised himself") then the reader had
better find that inability surprising.

Rule Three: Unlike other higher primate cultures, Washington rewards the largely
unpleasant qualities of ruthlessness, cynicism and cruel toughness above all
others.  If you can't stand the cold, get out of the igloo.  For example, when
the president's physician warns him that he will probably die of a stroke if he
takes the trip to China, there is only one suitable rejoiner for his chief of
staff: "Forget this crap about Walter Reed . . . Hamilton wouldn't go into a
hospital now if his toes were falling off.  He doesn't cancel something like
this because he has trouble getting out of a goddam chair.  Now get out of
here."

Rule Four: The reader can safely be assumed to imagine what high-pressure
Washington looks and feels like, but he still requires he illusion of experience
testimony at intervals - no matter how tortured the prose ("The heat wave that
had roasted the eastern seaboard since the weekend was on hold . . . Washington
would be a caldron again in a few hours") or how trivial the insight ("The food
and wine at the Southern White House were excellent, although Hamilton was
indifferent to it; he had been advised that a first-rate cuisine impressed
visiting dignitaries").

Taken together, these observations suggest that, if we could vote at the
bookstores, Caligula would beat Gandhi by a landslide every time.  Nor is that
surprising: if politicians are the defenders of our sacred rights, then we can
expect less macho lunacy of their fictional embodiments than we do from the
Magnificent Seven, the Mission Impossible team or the S.W.A.T. boys.

The unhappy aspect of the novel-as-pizza, however, is that our elected leaders
get a piece of the pie.  If the book-buying public at large rejoices to see
politicians as brutal, self-serving manipulators, the same books form the
politicians' own self-image.  And who is to say how many Bays of Pigs,
Watergates and other tough-guy fiascos were instigated because some politicians
felt compelled to live up to the kind of image embodied in "Presidential
Emergency?" It's food for thought.
Curt Suplee

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption, Walter Stovall

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              984 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                             April 8, 2000 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Murder trial makes Samoan history

BYLINE: PAUL DALEY

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 488 words


APIA, SAMOA

The Australian judge presiding over a murder trial in Samoa, where two former
Cabinet members are charged with killing another minister, yesterday predicted
the case would play an important part in the country's history.

In summing up yesterday - before the jury begins deliberating next week -
Justice Andrew Wilson described the killing of Samoa's Public Works Minister, Mr
Luagalau Levaula Kamu, 46, on 16 July last year as "shock-inducing and tragic".

"The trial will find itself ... (in) the history books of this country," he
said.

Already convicted of the murder is Samoan-born Eletise Vitale, 34, a farmer and
former gang member in Hawaii and California.

Vitale originally told New Zealand detectives, flown in to run the
investigation, that he had acted alone when he shot Mr Kamu at point-blank range
with a military rifle during a party celebrating 20 years of the ruling Human
Rights Protection Party.

But he later changed his story, saying he was acting on instructions from his
father, former Woman's Affairs Minister, Mr Leafa Vitale, and another former
minister, Mr Toi Cain.

Despite some apparently damning evidence that the ministers carefully planned
the murder of Mr Kamu - who took over Leafa Vitale's highly sought public works
portfolio - both men have contested the charges.

Leafa Vitale, a portly and apparently jovial man, maintains he has no idea why
Eletise has tried to implicate him. None the less - true to the strong tradition
of father-son loyalty in Samoan culture - he told the court he still deeply
loved his boy.

The defence for Mr Cain, 67 - who suffers manic depression and memory loss - has
been far more complicated and curious. While he admits to once fleetingly
planning Mr Kamu's assassination by a hit-man he denies any involvement with the
murder eventually carried out.

Regardless of the forthcoming verdict, the case has forced to the surface a vein
of venality that has undercut the international reputation for political honesty
which Samoa has enjoyed since independence in 1962.

The court has heard that both men were involved in extensive and direct
conflicts of interest while ministers and that both were motivated to kill Mr
Kamu because their political influence was waning.

There is no doubt the case has proved acutely embarrassing for the Prime
Minister, Mr Tuilaepa Sailele Malieolegaoi, who has recently been promoting his
Government's purported transparency and accountability to Australia and New
Zealand.

But he told The Age that his Government had already moved to sideline both men
before the murder. He said Leafa Vitale would not have had "the same freedom to
abuse his privileged position for personal gain" under his leadership.

But the Opposition Leader, Mr Tuiatua Tamasese Efi, says the murder raises
serious questions about Samoa's governance.

"It has highlighted a problem that is festering, to the extent that the murder
reflects an environment," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2000 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

PICK OF THE MOVIES;
SUNDAY 2 February

SECTION: WEEKEND;FEATURES; Pg. 44,45

LENGTH: 415 words


THE SKIN I LIVE IN (2011) .... BBC4, 9.00pm Pedro Almodovar's powerful gothic
drama evokes the great horror films of the 1930s, and stars Antonio Banderas as
Robert Ledgard, an eminent cosmetic surgeon who announces that he's cultivated a
new kind of skin which is smooth, durable and impervious to heat.

He claims he's perfected it by using mice, but it soon becomes clear he's been
experimenting on a larger subject. Ledgard has been holding a young woman
captive in his secluded Toledo home.

Vera (Elena Anaya) lives in a soundproofed room and her only human contact is
with the doctor, who treats her with a mixture of tenderness and disdain.

Her skin is suspiciously smooth and flawless, and it emerges that Ledgard has
been gradually reshaping her in the image of his dead wife. With Marisa Paredes
and Jan Cornet.

GOLDFINGER (1964) .... UTV, 3.40pm In the Bond film that had the nerve to call
one of its female characters Pussy Galore, Sean Connery's 007 travels to
Kentucky to thwart the evil plans of Auric Goldfinger and his grandiose scheme
to steal all the gold from Fort Knox. With Honor Blackman.

LEMONY SNICKET'S A SERIES OF UNFORTUNATE EVENTS (2004) ... TV3, 4.00pm Jim
Carrey is very entertaining in this nicely made black comedy based on the
children's stories of David Handler. When two children inherit a fortune after
their parents are killed in a fire, they are relentlessly pursued by an odious
relative called Olaf. With Billy Connolly, Emily Browning and Jude Law.

EXIT WOUNDS (2001) .. TCM, 10.00pm Formulaic action thriller starring Steven
Seagal as Orin Boyd, an unconventional Detroit cop who uncovers a web of
corruption and venality when he's transferred to one of the most notorious
precincts in the city. With Eva Mendes, Isaiah Washington, Anthony Anderson, Tom
Arnold, Bruce McGill and Michael Jai White.

THE SITTER (2011) .. Sky Movies Comedy, 11.30pm Comedy starring Jonah Hill as
Noah Griffith, a college dropout who's so desperate for money that he agrees to
babysit for a neighbour's kids. But when he gets a call from his girlfriend, he
brings the children into the city with him and ends up getting mixed up with a
violent drug dealer. With Ari Graynor.

BREAKING AND ENTERING (2006) ... BBC1, 11.50pm Complex, ambitious drama from the
late Anthony Mingella starring Jude Law as an architect whose rather arid
domestic life with his girlfriend is disturbed by a series of break-ins that
involve him with a group of Bosnians and the legacy of the Balkan wars.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                  July 3, 2011

Front: Dispatch Los Angeles: Baseball fans' dreams fade as the saga of Dodgers
owner's high life comes to court: Frank McCourt has a private jet, four homes -
and a sports team. Now his divorce case shows what lies behind the side's sad
decline

BYLINE: Andrew Gumbel

SECTION: OBSERVER HOME NEWS PAGES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1356 words


The city of Los Angeles is emphatically out of love. In fact it is aghast -
appalled, disgusted - with one of its most revered institutions, the Dodgers
baseball team.

The problem is not with the team's performance. True, the Dodgers are having a
stinker of a season, but the city sees only extenuating circumstances as the
cause. The real problem is with their out-of-town owner, an erstwhile car park
magnate from Boston called Frank McCourt, who has managed in a few short years
to run the team's finances into the ground while constructing a life of
unabashed luxury for himself and his fractious family.

It is not a sporting scandal so much as a financial one. Multimillion-dollar
homes have been bought, refurbished and discarded, the proceeds of the deal
which allowed McCourt to purchase the Dodgers; family members have been added to
the payroll whether or not they work at the stadium; money and debt have been
shuffled around a series of shell companies and subsidiaries, while the team -
the beefy sportsmen whose job it is to thwack baseballs into the stands so that
the fans keep buying tickets and beers and hot dogs - have been left almost
entirely in the lurch.

Many of the story's more extraordinary details have spilled out since Frank and
his wife Jamie, who served as the team's chief executive, filed for divorce a
year-and-a-half ago and began to savage each other like bloodhounds in open
court. Both appear to have regarded the Dodgers as the source of wildly
extravagent spending. One senior team executive characterised Jamie's attitude
in court as "Why have a family business, but to support the family lifestyle?"

If that sounds like a plotline from Arrested Development, the quirky TV comedy
about a family of dysfunctional property developers from the LA suburbs, it is
only one way in which reality is proving as strange as fiction.

Among the people found to have been on the Dodgers' payroll is a Russian-born
psychic whose sole job was to watch games on his television in the Boston
suburbs and send out positive vibes so that they would win more often. In years
when the Dodgers made the end-of-season playoffs - which they did in 2008 and
2009 - he was promised a six-figure payoff.

The saga has come to a head in the past couple of months as it has become clear
the Dodgers no longer have the cash to meet the monthly wages bill. McCourt has
been scrounging around for his next short-term loan, and the overlords of Major
League Baseball have concluded that enough is enough.

First, the league appointed a special commissioner to review the team's
finances. Then it vetoed a 30-year broadcasting deal McCourt had negotiated with
Rupert Murdoch's Fox network - in part because of misgivings about the terms of
the deal, but mostly because the McCourts wanted to capitalise on the proposed
advance payment and pocket well north of $100m for themselves.

Last week, in a high-risk gambit designed to avoid losing the team altogether,
McCourt went to bankruptcy court, preferring to let a judge decide the Dodgers'
future rather than waiting for the league to throw him out on his ear, which is
what its commissioner was clearly itching to do.

The Dodgers are not the first American sports franchise to fall victim to
venality, selfishness and staggeringly poor oversight - especially in this era
of big money, marketing and licensing deals. Still, the scale of the McCourt-era
debauchery is staggering.

"There are lots of subplots, but the real plot is that McCourt has denuded the
team," one of the country's leading sports economists, Andrew Zimbalist,
commented. "He has taken assets, he has broken them off, he has used the income
from those to finance his extravagant lifestyle, and he now wants to use the
income of some of those assets to pay off the divorce. It's too much for
baseball."

It's too much, in particular, for Angelenos of a certain age who think of the
Dodgers as an improbably gentlemanly organisation in a town of Babylonian
fleshpots and entertainment industry debauchery. That ideal image is almost
certainly too rosy - especially to anyone familiar with the sordid history of
Dodger Stadium, which crudely supplanted a teeming Mexican working-class
neighbourhood in the 1950s and early 1960s.

It is also true that for 30 years or so the Dodgers enjoyed a remarkable degree
of continuity under the ownership of the O'Malley family, as well as a steady
stream of clean-cut, well-spoken stars and regular success in winning trophies.

The decline came in two stages: first with the purchase of the team by Murdoch's
News Corp in 1998. According to Fred Claire, the Dodgers' general manager, who
was fired soon after the Murdoch takeover, the focus shifted almost immediately
from baseball and the "public trust" he always believed the Dodgers represented,
to Murdoch's ambitions to build a regional sports network around the team.

After six years, Fox Sports West was a fixture on the American broadcasting
landscape and Murdoch was ready to offload the Dodgers. Surprisingly, there were
few takers. McCourt looked at the time like the best of a very shabby field of
contenders - even though he had previously sniffed around the Boston Red Sox and
other teams and had been turned down because he didn't have the assets or the
track record to pass the credibility test.

In retrospect, the financial deal that sealed the Dodgers sale seems little
short of insane. McCourt borrowed $150m from Bank of America, $75m from Major
League Baseball and $196m from Fox, some of which he later swapped for his car
park business. In short, he did not put up a dime of his own money.

"It's been frequently reported that McCourt 'bought the Dodgers on a credit
card'," a baseball blogger named Larry Behrendt wrote recently in what is
generally regarded as the best financial analysis of the fiasco. "That's only
half the story. The other half of the story, the more important half, is that
McCourt bought the Dodgers on the Dodgers' credit card."

Essentially, McCourt spun off the most profitable team ventures - the stadium
car park and the ticket office - into separate companies he claimed as his own.
These companies then charged the team rent, skimmed much of the profit they
generated away from the team coffers, and used the combined revenue as a basis
for McCourt to borrow yet more money.

On top of that, Jamie McCourt pulled in a salary of $2m as chief executive,
Frank McCourt claimed $5m a year, and their two children earned as much as
$600,000 each, even though one was a student at Stanford University and the
other was a full-time employee of Goldman Sachs.

They had a private jet, private drivers, an entourage of personal pamperers and
four lavish houses - two in the Hollywood Hills and two in Malibu. Frank filed
for divorce after accusing his wife of having an affair with her driver, which
she denies. Frank has since moved into a Beverly Hills hotel suite.

The fans have responded largely with their feet. Although there has been no
organised boycott, attendances have plummeted this season - but also partly
because of an ugly incident on opening day when a San Francisco Giants fan was
beaten to within an inch of his life in the Dodgers car park.

The team has no money to buy established players, so there isn't much to watch
on the field anyway, other than a bunch of young kids frantically training to
play at major league level and losing a lot more than they win.

"The fans are more emotional about it than the players," said Jon Weisman, a
local baseball columnist who probably knows the fan culture as well as anyone.
"The level of messiness is unbelievable."

And with everything tied up in the bankruptcy court for the foreseeable future,
it is hard to predict when it will end.

"Until Frank no longer has money to pay lawyers," Weisman said sadly. "I'll
never assume there isn't another twist coming."

Captions:

Dodgers first baseman James Loney heads off the field after striking out against
the Minnesota Twins. The team's lack of money to buy star names has seen
attendances dwindle. Photograph by Genevieve Ross/AP

Frank McCourt speaks to the media after a bankruptcy hearing last Monday.


LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                  July 3, 2011

Baseball fans' dreams fade as the saga of Dodgers owner's high life comes to
court: Frank McCourt has a private jet, four homes - and a sports team. Now his
divorce case shows what lies behind the side's sad decline

BYLINE: Dispatch Los Angeles

SECTION: OBSERVER HOME NEWS PAGES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1356 words


The city of Los Angeles is emphatically out of love. In fact it is aghast -
appalled, disgusted - with one of its most revered institutions, the Dodgers
baseball team.

The problem is not with the team's performance. True, the Dodgers are having a
stinker of a season, but the city sees only extenuating circumstances as the
cause. The real problem is with their out-of-town owner, an erstwhile car park
magnate from Boston called Frank McCourt, who has managed in a few short years
to run the team's finances into the ground while constructing a life of
unabashed luxury for himself and his fractious family.

It is not a sporting scandal so much as a financial one. Multimillion-dollar
homes have been bought, refurbished and discarded, the proceeds of the deal
which allowed McCourt to purchase the Dodgers; family members have been added to
the payroll whether or not they work at the stadium; money and debt have been
shuffled around a series of shell companies and subsidiaries, while the team -
the beefy sportsmen whose job it is to thwack baseballs into the stands so that
the fans keep buying tickets and beers and hot dogs - have been left almost
entirely in the lurch.

Many of the story's more extraordinary details have spilled out since Frank and
his wife Jamie, who served as the team's chief executive, filed for divorce a
year-and-a-half ago and began to savage each other like bloodhounds in open
court. Both appear to have regarded the Dodgers as the source of wildly
extravagent spending. One senior team executive characterised Jamie's attitude
in court as "Why have a family business, but to support the family lifestyle?"

If that sounds like a plotline from Arrested Development, the quirky TV comedy
about a family of dysfunctional property developers from the LA suburbs, it is
only one way in which reality is proving as strange as fiction.

Among the people found to have been on the Dodgers' payroll is a Russian-born
psychic whose sole job was to watch games on his television in the Boston
suburbs and send out positive vibes so that they would win more often. In years
when the Dodgers made the end-of-season playoffs - which they did in 2008 and
2009 - he was promised a six-figure payoff.

The saga has come to a head in the past couple of months as it has become clear
the Dodgers no longer have the cash to meet the monthly wages bill. McCourt has
been scrounging around for his next short-term loan, and the overlords of Major
League Baseball have concluded that enough is enough.

First, the league appointed a special commissioner to review the team's
finances. Then it vetoed a 30-year broadcasting deal McCourt had negotiated with
Rupert Murdoch's Fox network - in part because of misgivings about the terms of
the deal, but mostly because the McCourts wanted to capitalise on the proposed
advance payment and pocket well north of $100m for themselves.

Last week, in a high-risk gambit designed to avoid losing the team altogether,
McCourt went to bankruptcy court, preferring to let a judge decide the Dodgers'
future rather than waiting for the league to throw him out on his ear, which is
what its commissioner was clearly itching to do.

The Dodgers are not the first American sports franchise to fall victim to
venality, selfishness and staggeringly poor oversight - especially in this era
of big money, marketing and licensing deals. Still, the scale of the McCourt-era
debauchery is staggering.

"There are lots of subplots, but the real plot is that McCourt has denuded the
team," one of the country's leading sports economists, Andrew Zimbalist,
commented. "He has taken assets, he has broken them off, he has used the income
from those to finance his extravagant lifestyle, and he now wants to use the
income of some of those assets to pay off the divorce. It's too much for
baseball."

It's too much, in particular, for Angelenos of a certain age who think of the
Dodgers as an improbably gentlemanly organisation in a town of Babylonian
fleshpots and entertainment industry debauchery. That ideal image is almost
certainly too rosy - especially to anyone familiar with the sordid history of
Dodger Stadium, which crudely supplanted a teeming Mexican working-class
neighbourhood in the 1950s and early 1960s.

It is also true that for 30 years or so the Dodgers enjoyed a remarkable degree
of continuity under the ownership of the O'Malley family, as well as a steady
stream of clean-cut, well-spoken stars and regular success in winning trophies.

The decline came in two stages: first with the purchase of the team by Murdoch's
News Corp in 1998. According to Fred Claire, the Dodgers' general manager, who
was fired soon after the Murdoch takeover, the focus shifted almost immediately
from baseball and the "public trust" he always believed the Dodgers represented,
to Murdoch's ambitions to build a regional sports network around the team.

After six years, Fox Sports West was a fixture on the American broadcasting
landscape and Murdoch was ready to offload the Dodgers. Surprisingly, there were
few takers. McCourt looked at the time like the best of a very shabby field of
contenders - even though he had previously sniffed around the Boston Red Sox and
other teams and had been turned down because he didn't have the assets or the
track record to pass the credibility test.

In retrospect, the financial deal that sealed the Dodgers sale seems little
short of insane. McCourt borrowed $150m from Bank of America, $75m from Major
League Baseball and $196m from Fox, some of which he later swapped for his car
park business. In short, he did not put up a dime of his own money.

"It's been frequently reported that McCourt 'bought the Dodgers on a credit
card'," a baseball blogger named Larry Behrendt wrote recently in what is
generally regarded as the best financial analysis of the fiasco. "That's only
half the story. The other half of the story, the more important half, is that
McCourt bought the Dodgers on the Dodgers' credit card."

Essentially, McCourt spun off the most profitable team ventures - the stadium
car park and the ticket office - into separate companies he claimed as his own.
These companies then charged the team rent, skimmed much of the profit they
generated away from the team coffers, and used the combined revenue as a basis
for McCourt to borrow yet more money.

On top of that, Jamie McCourt pulled in a salary of $2m as chief executive,
Frank McCourt claimed $5m a year, and their two children earned as much as
$600,000 each, even though one was a student at Stanford University and the
other was a full-time employee of Goldman Sachs.

They had a private jet, private drivers, an entourage of personal pamperers and
four lavish houses - two in the Hollywood Hills and two in Malibu. Frank filed
for divorce after accusing his wife of having an affair with her driver, which
she denies. Frank has since moved into a Beverly Hills hotel suite.

The fans have responded largely with their feet. Although there has been no
organised boycott, attendances have plummeted this season - but also partly
because of an ugly incident on opening day when a San Francisco Giants fan was
beaten to within an inch of his life in the Dodgers car park.

The team has no money to buy established players, so there isn't much to watch
on the field anyway, other than a bunch of young kids frantically training to
play at major league level and losing a lot more than they win.

"The fans are more emotional about it than the players," said Jon Weisman, a
local baseball columnist who probably knows the fan culture as well as anyone.
"The level of messiness is unbelievable."

And with everything tied up in the bankruptcy court for the foreseeable future,
it is hard to predict when it will end.

"Until Frank no longer has money to pay lawyers," Weisman said sadly. "I'll
never assume there isn't another twist coming."

Captions:

Dodgers first baseman James Loney heads off the field after striking out against
the Minnesota Twins. The team's lack of money to buy star names has seen
attendances dwindle. Photograph by Genevieve Ross/AP

Frank McCourt speaks to the media

after a bankruptcy hearing last Monday.


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Katrinaworld: Somewhere Between Nature's Fury and Man's Incompetence

BYLINE: By MICHIKO KAKUTANI

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; BOOKS OF THE TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1803 words



The Great Deluge
Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans and the Mississippi Gulf Coast
By Douglas Brinkley
Illustrated. 716 pages. William Morrow. $29.95.

The Storm
What Went Wrong and Why During Hurricane Katrina
By Ivor van Heerden and Mike Bryan
Illustrated. 308 pages. Viking. $25.95.

  The horror and wretchedness produced by Hurricane Katrina and the government's
laggard efforts at relief challenged witnesses' descriptive powers. They drew
analogies to disaster movies and horror movies, to Dante's Inferno and Milton's
hell, to a futuristic Mad Max world and a vanished medieval fief. Hieronymus
Bosch's infernal depictions of misery were invoked, and so were scenes from Job
and the Book of Revelations. The Perfect Storm had turned the Big Easy into a
place of biblical suffering and woe.

The historian Douglas Brinkley's harrowing new book, ''The Great Deluge,''
captures the human toll of Katrina as graphically as the most vivid newspaper
and television accounts did, and by pulling together a huge, choral portrait of
what happened during that first week of havoc and distress (from Saturday, Aug.
27, through Saturday, Sept. 3), he gives the reader a richly detailed timeline
of disaster -- a timeline in which the sheer cumulative power of details
impresses upon us, again, just how abysmally inept relief efforts were on every
level, from FEMA to the Red Cross to the New Orleans Police Department, from the
federal government to state and local authorities.

By moving back and forth between panoramic views and up-close zoom shots of
individuals, Mr. Brinkley is able to convey both the larger arc of the tragedy
that engulfed the Gulf Coast and the intimate fallout that that catastrophe had
on the lives of ordinary people -- many of them black and most of them poor and
lacking the resources to evacuate on their own.

Published less than a year after Katrina's rampage, ''The Great Deluge'' remains
heavily indebted to newspaper, magazine and television reporting, most
especially to articles that appeared in The Times-Picayune of New Orleans. And
in writing a ''fast out of the gates'' book, Mr. Brinkley focuses his energies
on providing a you-are-there sort of narrative. He does not try to address
questions about the future of New Orleans and the Gulf Coast, the costs of
rebuilding, environmental issues or the need to implement better methods of
flood control, much less the broader sort of questions about long-term
political, social and economic fallout that ''Rising Tide,'' John M. Barry's
extraordinary account of the great Mississippi flood of 1927, examined so
brilliantly from a vantage point many decades removed.

But while this volume lacks the scope and magisterial perspective of ''Rising
Tide,'' it does leave the reader with a similarly sobering apprehension of the
human failings that magnified nature's cruelty: the hubris, stupidity and
wishful thinking that led government officials to ignore the myriad warnings
about the vulnerable levee system of New Orleans, and the venality,
indifference, political gamesmanship and simple incompetence that contributed to
the deadly delays in getting help to Katrina's victims.

A professor of history at Tulane University, Mr. Brinkley writes not as a
detached observer but as a longtime resident of New Orleans, and his passion for
his beleaguered city -- and his anger at the government's mismanagement of the
situation -- are palpable in these pages. He describes ''Katrinaworld'' as ''a
denuded black hole of double-talking gibberish where the bureaucrats hid behind
the white marble walls of statistical procedure and partisan politics,'' and he
charges that ''every time the Bush administration and the State of Louisiana
hesitated, lawyered up and read the fine print on homeland security procedure,
an American died prematurely.''

Although many of the scenes Mr. Brinkley describes will be familiar to readers
from news accounts, he captures the surreal horror that reigned in New Orleans,
as the levees were breached, and water poured in, turning the city into a
''smattering of islands, rising out of the 80 percent of the city's land that
was submerged.'' He shows us people drowning in their own homes, as they watched
their pets, their photos, their possessions of a lifetime wash away; doctors and
nurses scrambling to save critically ill patients, as flood-stricken animals
(crabs, snakes, turtles, an armadillo) scuttled through hospital corridors; and
looters wading through the streets ''like sinister Santa Clauses with bags of
stolen merchandise over their shoulders.''

He takes us to the fetid Superdome, where the promised evacuation buses failed
to show up day after day, where ''mass confusion reigned,'' and ''a number of
women were raped, and a couple of men were stabbed.'' He revisits the even more
chaotic Convention Center, where corpses reeked in the hot, suffocating air, and
roving gangs ''marked out territory and defended it with guns purloined from
stores.'' And he points out the spot on the I-10 highway, where ''people huddled
together,'' under the shade of some highway signs, ''making a home of the barren
roadway, holding their belongings in a pillowcase or a cart'' and looking like
''refugees from some war-torn area overseas.''

''Americans were not used to seeing their country in ruins, their people in
want,'' Mr. Brinkley writes. ''They began to feel ashamed that their country was
either unable or unmotivated to provide the basic necessities of food, water and
shelter within its own borders.''

The portraits Mr. Brinkley draws of key government players in the relief (or
rather, lack of relief) efforts are scathing. Gov. Kathleen Blanco, though the
most sympathetically portrayed government official in this volume, emerges as a
dithering executive who should have ''better prepared Louisiana for the Big
One'' and who spent the crucial, early hours of the storm ''going through the
motions but not much more.'' FEMA's director, Michael Brown, comes across as a
self-absorbed paper pusher, hopelessly ''out of his depth'' and cautiously
trying to apply a plan to a disaster that had blown all plans to shreds, and New
Orleans's mayor, Ray Nagin, as a foolish coward, slow to order a mandatory
evacuation because he was worried about closing hotels (which might then sue the
city for disrupting the tourist trade) and reluctant to try to rally residents'
spirits at the Superdome because he put ''his own personal safety ahead of those
poor and elderly in trouble.''

Mr. Brinkley's greatest contempt, however, seems reserved for George W. Bush,
who comes across as an uncaring, out-of-touch president, bizarrely slow to grasp
the magnitude of the disaster and reluctant to exercise leadership when it most
mattered; and Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff, who is depicted as
being callous to ''the apocalyptic needs of the entire Gulf Coast region,''
apparently unconcerned (as he attended a flu seminar on Tuesday, Aug. 30, in
Atlanta) ''with the massive flooding in New Orleans -- even though he had been
told by Mr. Brown the night before about the 17th Street Canal breach and even
though reports on television on Tuesday morning were showing live footage of a
city and a region falling into the very pits of inhumanity.''

Given the relief vacuum left by FEMA, the Coast Guard stepped up, as did smaller
agencies like the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries, and myriad
individuals, intent on aiding neighbors and strangers alike. Five young
Mississippi men, a couple of them great-great-grandchildren of Confederate
soldiers, risked their lives to save a black family in a small Gulf Coast town;
the so-called NOLA Homeboys, New Orleans residents with yachts and dinghies and
canoes, refused to evacuate so they could save fellow citizens; and one AIDS
doctor at Charity Hospital determined to ride out the storm with her 18
patients, vowing that the group would stick together as a unit.

It is Mr. Brinkley's portraits of such valiant individuals, combined with dozens
of interviews with Katrina survivors, that lend his narrative an emotional
immediacy and give the alarming statistics -- more than 1,500 deaths at present
count, and according to Mr. Brinkley, some 400,000 displaced residents in
Louisiana alone, months after the storm -- a local habitation and a name.

The narrative approach of Ivor van Heerden, co-founder and deputy director of
the Louisiana State University Hurricane Center, is less personal and more
science-based than Mr. Brinkley's, but his book (written with Mike Bryan) is
equally disturbing in its own way. And he comes to similar conclusions about the
human failures that turned Katrina from a dangerous hurricane into a calamitous
disaster. The catastrophe (or the magnitude of it, anyway) was ''preventable,''
he stresses: ''If science and engineering had been allowed to play their proper
role in the development of policies for the wetlands and the levees, we wouldn't
be in this situation today.''

Mr. van Heerden reminds us of the frightening National Weather Service warning,
issued on Sunday morning, Aug. 28, that declared that ''most of the area will be
uninhabitable for weeks  perhaps longer,'' ''at least one half of
well-constructed homes will have roof and wall failure,'' ''power outages will
last for weeks,'' and ''water shortages will make human suffering incredible by
modern standards.''

He also reminds us that experts like himself had been warning for years of the
catastrophe awaiting New Orleans, noting that some ''local geographers and
oceanographers and engineers'' had started ''to suspect that Louisiana was not
only more vulnerable to devastation than its citizens wanted to admit, but far
more vulnerable than it had been, because the wetlands that buffer the inland
zones, including New Orleans, were disappearing at an alarming rate.''

Equally unnerving are Mr. van Heerden's observations that Katrina ''was not the
big one,'' and that ''sometime in the foreseeable future a bigger storm will not
take that last-minute jog to the east, and every square foot of New Orleans --
and all of it, not just 80 percent -- will be underwater, and deeper underwater
than this time.''

If short-term political and commercial interests continue to trump science, if
changes in flood control are not made, and adequate financing is not provided,
he warns, ''one-fifth of the state of Louisiana -- everything south of
Interstate 10 including the city of New Orleans in its entirety -- will
disappear beneath the waves, gone for good, and we will have no one to blame but
ourselves.''

Should that happen, future authors like Mr. van Heerden and Mr. Brinkley will
not be writing about New Orleans or southern Louisiana. They will be writing
about what Mr. van Heerden calls the ''Cajun Atlantis.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Ivor van Heerden
 Douglas Brinkley (pg. E8)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              989 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 12, 2009 Sunday

RIKERS RAP GIG SPARKED A WAR; WARDEN EYED IN PROBE

BYLINE: REUVEN BLAU, SUSAN EDELMAN and BRAD HAMILTON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 582 words


City jail officials are investigating a rap concert at Rikers Island -  approved
by a hip-hop-loving warden -  that triggered months of bloody gang violence
there, The Post has learned.

Correction officials are looking into why supervisors -  including jail warden
and fan Emmanuel Bailey -  allowed Brooklyn rapper Papoose to do a nearly
two-hour show at the lockup on May 30, 2006, sources said.

There were eight slashings and stabbings at the George Motchan Detention Center
in the months after the show, when Papoose's jailed rival ordered attacks on the
rapper's imprisoned pals.

Papoose, 30, whose real name is Shamele Mackie, has a longstanding feud with
Dough Boy, 28, an ex-Bloods gang leader whose real name is Miguel Jeffrey.

The two had worked together but had a falling out after Dough Boy accused
Papoose of marginalizing him in the studio. He told The Post he retaliated by
shooting at the rapper's entourage and stealing a $40,000 gold chain from a
Papoose relative.

The Rikers concert "was like throwing a match on gasoline -  boom!" Dough Boy
said in a jailhouse interview.

Fueled by the mayhem, the 2,978-inmate GMDC racked up 13 assaults for the year -
the most among all 14 city jails.

Many of the clashes at the jail, mostly filled with "low-risk" inmates, involved
Bloods members, records indicate.

Bailey had discussed a possible concert after he noticed Papoose at Rikers
visiting an imprisoned pal, Pooh Nitty, a jail insider said.

The warden approached Nitty, a rapper whose real name is Devendra Singh and who
is doing time on weapons charges, and said, "Papoose is my favorite rapper. Can
you get him to come do a show for us?" according to the insider.

Following the concert, Bailey invited Papoose and his band into his office and
had photos taken of him with the performers, the source said.

Bailey is a rap fan who hangs out with people in the music business, said a
Correction colleague.

Bailey, who makes $157,146 a year, was "reprimanded" at the time for failing to
get the required approvals for the concert, said department spokesman Stephen
Morello.

"A procedural step may have been missed," Morello said. "That doesn't mean the
handling of this event involved venality, corruption or a lack of competence."

The Papoose concert spurred loud gang chants, jail sources said.

"I heard he gave a shout-out to me at the end," said Dough Boy, who had been
barred from the show by jail officials aware of their feud.

In response to the onstage taunt, Dough Boy said he instructed his friends to
"get at 'em."

That meant attack, Dough Boy said in at upstate Great Meadow prison, where he's
serving 12 years for armed robbery and assault.

Morello said the department hosts sports and entertainment figures to speak or
perform at jails.

"Inmate idleness is a factor in inmate violence," he explained

Papoose married rapper Remy Ma, who was convicted of shooting a female friend.
Their Rikers wedding ceremony was canceled in 2008 after Papoose allegedly tried
to slip her a handcuff key.

Sources said Correction's chief of department, Carolyn Thomas, initially ignored
calls to investigate the concert and the violence, despite receiving reports of
an increase in slashings.

The Post also reported that she did nothing to stop a lavish bar mitzvah party
held at a lower-Manhattan jail for an inmate's son, and that she showed
favoritism to jailed celebs, including rap star Foxy Brown.

Additional reporting by Kathianne Boniello

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MC SLAMMER: Rapper Papoose (left) allegedly taunted his imprisoned
rival, Dough Boy (far left), while performing for jailbirds at a Rikers Island
facility in a concert organized by warden Emmanuel Bailey (below). (John
Ricard/Retna; Wayne Carrington)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            July 29, 1987 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

DIVERTING QUESTIONS AHEAD FOR MEESE

BYLINE: PHILIP SHENON

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 516 words


WASHINGTON, Tuesday: When the Attorney-General, Mr Edwin Meese, made his
startling announcement last November that profits from the Iran arms sale had
been diverted to Nicaraguan rebels, he drew praise from even longtime
detractors.

It was Mr Meese - the President's political ally, one of the original California
circle of advisers - whose investigation, it appeared, had exposed the truth
behind the worst scandal of the Reagan presidency.

Yet when Mr Meese testifies before the congressional committees investigating
the Iran-Contra affair today, he will confront some legislators who have come to
believe that the Attorney-General may have taken part in a clumsy, politically
motivated cover-up.

Aides at the Justice Department expect the appearance this week on Capitol Hill
to be the harshest grilling of Mr Meese's career.

Mr Meese is sure to face extensive questioning about his involvement, beginning
in at least January 1986, in planning the sale of arms to Iran and his early
legal advice that the information could be kept secret from Congress.

But the more important questions, at least to the congressional investigators,
will centre on Mr Meese's explanation for a series of blunders in a Justice
Department investigation of the Iran arms sale.

What have been described on Capitol Hill as errors of delay and inattention
permitted Lieutenant-Colonel Oliver North and other White House aides to destroy
critical documents and perhaps co-ordinate the stories they would tell
investigators.

Although some legislators defend Mr Meese, others now see only two options in
describing Mr Meese's actions last year: incompetence or venality.

"I tend to believe it was a case of gross incompetence," said Senator Warren
Rudman, the vice-chairman of the Senate investigating committee. "I guess it's
better to be dumb than crooked."

Angered by the way Colonel North and other witnesses seem to have taken control
of the hearings at times, members of the congressional committees are expected
to deal harshly with Mr Meese, who they believe is unpopular with the public.
The appearance on Capitol Hill could not come at a more difficult time for the
Attorney-General, who is under investigation by two special prosecutors, one
reviewing the Iran-Contra affair, the other studying his financial ties to the
Wedtech Corp, a

Bronx military contractor involved in bribery schemes.

Mr Meese will face a series of potentially embarrassing questions about the
investigation, including:

Why did the Attorney-General not use longtime criminal prosecutors and the FBI?

Why did Mr Meese, after discovering evidence of a diversion, wait three days
before sealing off White House files and preventing destruction of important
evidence?

Why, during the investigation, did Mr Meese fail to ask John Poindexter, then
National Security Adviser, whether the President knew about the diversion?

During the investigation, what was said during conversations between Mr Meese
and Mr William Casey, who was then director of central intelligence? Why did the
Attorney-General later insist that Mr Casey had been unaware of the diversion?

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Film. CEDAR RAPIDS

BYLINE: PHILLIP ALTBEKER

SECTION: ARTS, CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 728  words


Film

CEDAR RAPIDS is a rather unusual coming-of-age comedy because its protagonist is
not young, just naive. Tim (Ed Helms) is an insurance agent in a small town; he
has no family and he has only recently discovered sex, his tutor being Macy
(Sigourney Weaver), who taught him other subjects when she was his
schoolteacher.

Tim clings to the familiar, his well-ordered state of unambitious, unchallenging
routine coming to an abrupt end when a colleague dies in circumstances Tim is
unable to comprehend. It is time for the annual convention and Tim is chosen by
Bill (Stephen Root) to represent the company in the place of the far more
worldly deceased.

Sheltered to the extent that he has never travelled before, Tim is overwhelmed
by the comparative sophistication of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the site of
get-togethers where prizes are bestowed, albeit not always on merit. Successful
selling and service are only two of the criteria, another being the importance
of impressing Orin (Kentwood Smith), the final judge, with a candidate's
sobriety, unimpeachable moral standards and piety, requirements that come
naturally to Tim.

However, there are those ready to lead him astray, either intentionally or by
default; he had been warned to stay away from Dean (John C Reilly), an
obstreperous party animal, but no one had cautioned him about fraternising with
a fellow delegate, especially one as sympathetic and attractive as Joan (Anne
Heche).

Another guide to the big, bad world is Ronald (Isaiah Whitlock), the roommate
whose blackness Tim admits alarmed him during one of his many calls to Macy to
report on his journey into the unknown. That road may well be the one he has
left untravelled but he soon learns that not every signpost, even those leading
home, is to be trusted.

An innocent abroad (Alia Shawkat), who provides services the hotel does not and
whose profession is misunderstood, venality and some unexpected heroics make
this film a sort of unpretentious homage to the ordinary working man.

Helms, who plays the stuffy dentist in the Hangover movies, is an excellent
comic actor who is also able to suggest pathos without using it manipulatively,
as do Heche and the superficially obnoxious Reilly.

Phil Johnson's admirably funny script and Miguel Arteta's crisp direction ensure
that the fine cast is not wasted and, together, they have produced a modest yet
satisfying antidote to the effects-laden movies that rely on machines and
devices rather than on empathetic humans.

THE PERFECT HOST has a few moments that evoke memories of Sleuth, an intricate
mental duel in which power and control shifted between two antagonists. Most of
the film has a similar basic premise, with the confrontation taking place in the
Hollywood home of Warwick Wilson (David Hyde Pierce), who admits John (Clayne
Crawford), a nimble-minded stranger who gains entry on the strength of knowledge
gleaned from Warwick's letterbox.

John is a bank robber on the run, his theft of $300000 and his escape route
having been planned and executed carefully, as befits his chess-based ability to
see a couple of moves ahead. Much as he thinks his scheme is perfect, parts of
his strategy fall apart, leaving him wounded, lacking transport and having to
bluff his way into what he hopes is a place of refuge, at least for a night or
two.

At first glance, Warwick is hardly a physical match for John: effete and
fastidious, he seems to be ideally suited to John's purpose. However, there is
far more to Warwick than meets the eye and the ensuing war of wits consists of
battles won and lost by both sides.

Nick Tomnay, the director, and co-writer Krishna Jones have based their
screenplay on their prize-winning short, but, in order to extend the original
script, they have resorted to increasingly bizarre, convoluted and implausible
twists and turns, including revelations about Warwick's profession and hobby as
well disclosing how far from being a criminal mastermind John really was.

Pierce, best known as Frasier's younger brother, delivers a brave performance
that almost saves the film from disintegrating into a confusing mess while
Crawford is less impressive although, in his defence, he has the right to seem
bewildered.

Tomnay attaches a couple of fantasy sequences that hint at a mental instability
viewers may well share after seeing a movie that is too clever for its own, or
our, good.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                        March 18, 2002 - March 24, 2002

The Crucible

BYLINE: CHARLES ISHERWOOD

SECTION: LEGIT REVIEWS; Broadway; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 1665 words


(Virginia Theater; 1,261 seats; $ 85 top)

NEW YORK A David Richenthal, Manocherian/Leve/Boyett, Max Cooper, Allan S.
Gordon, Roy Furman, Us Prods., Elan V. McAllister, Adam Epstein and Margo Lion
presentation, in association with Dede Harris/Mort Swinsky, Clear Channel
Entertainment, Old Ivy Prods., Jujamcyn Theaters, Jeffrey Ash, Berinstein/Selig,
Golden/Skipper, Gene Korf and Robert Cole, by special arrangement with the
Roundabout Theater Co., of a play by Arthur Miller in two acts. Directed by
Richard Eyre. Sets and costumes, Tim Hatley; lighting, Paul Gallo; sound, Scott
Myers; music, David Van Tieghem; production stage manager, Susie Cordon. Opened
March 7, 2002. Reviewed March 5. Running time: 2 HOURS, 50 MIN.

Reverend

Parris .... Christopher Evan Welch

Betty Parris .... Betsy Hogg

Tituba .... Patrice Johnson

Abigail Williams .... Angela Bettis

Susanna Walcott .... Kristen Bell

Mrs. Ann Putnam .... Jeanne Paulsen

Thomas Putnam .... Paul O'Brien

Mercy Lewis .... Sevrin Anne Mason

Mary Warren .... Jennifer Carpenter

John Proctor .... Liam Neeson

Rebecca Nurse .... Helen Stenborg

Giles Corey .... Tom Aldredge

Reverend

John Hale .... John Benjamin Hickey

Elizabeth Proctor .... Laura Linney

Francis Nurse .... Frank Raiter

Ezekiel Cheever .... Henry Stram

Marshal Herrick .... Jack Willis

Hopkins .... Stephen Lee Anderson

Judge Hathorne .... J.R. Horne

Voice of Martha Corey/

Sarah Goode .... Dale Soules

Deputy Governor

Danforth.... Brian Murray

Girl in

Courtroom .... Laura Breckenridge

It's fire-and-brimstone time at the Virginia Theater, where Richard Eyre's dark,
stark and moralistic production of "The Crucible" is thundering across the stage
nightly. It could be argued that another layer of moralism is precisely what
Arthur Miller's 1952 play about the Salem witch trials doesn't need, but Eyre's
production has an earnest integrity to the text that firmly accentuates the
play's powerful aspects, even if it fails to elide problematic ones. The
production is anchored by admirable performances in roles large and small, in
particular a faultless, emotionally fertile one from Liam Neeson as John
Proctor, the honorable farmer whose life is destroyed by the forces of hysteria
and venality clothed as righteousness.

Tim Hatley's massive wooden sets create a brooding, ominous atmosphere. They
rise to the considerable height of the Virginia's proscenium and turn the large
stage into spaces alternately isolating and claustrophobic; the only glimpse of
nature is a sliver of bucolic New England countryside seen briefly through the
open door of Proctor's farmhouse. Paul Gallo's lighting slashes across the stage
with an unyielding forcefulness akin to the portentous clangings of Scott Myers'
sound design. This is not a place, in short, in which you expect to find the
angels of justice and mercy gamboling merrily about.

The blueprint for Eyre's approach is to be found in Miller's play, a long,
strongly voiced indictment of human corruptibility and the dangers of falling in
line behind leaders who prefer convenient orthodoxies to the more complicated
truth. Miller was writing with a fervent point to make in 1952, when the Red
Scare was gaining dangerous momentum. He was trying to shake his audiences into
an awareness of the gathering storm and its threat to the rights of the
individual enshrined in the Constitution.

Almost half a century later, that context is history, and yet the polemical
fierceness of the writing remains embedded in the text, which unfolds with such
heat that it often plays like a melodrama with social and political overtones.
The strict delineation of guilt and innocence in the primary characters leaves
little room for nuance, for example, with the noble Proctor (adultery
notwithstanding) and his good wife allied with a couple of ornery townsfolk
against the forces of self-righteousness serving self-interest.

Miller was certainly an intelligent analyst of the ways in which ignorance, fear
and envy can be dressed up in the clothes of piety and thereby given moral
authority and worldly power. And watching this process taking place can be a
harrowing experience, as it often is in this terrifically acted production,
which boasts a cast that manages to outnumber the parade of above-the-title
producers.

But the triumph of unalloyed evil over unalloyed good is not a spectacle that
can be comfortably stretched over three hours of drama and still retain its
fascination. Eventually, exhaustion sets in: The vehemence of Miller's writing
eventually saps some of its dramatic effectiveness.

This is by no means due to a lack of conviction or skill on the part of the
evening's performers. In his thoughtful performance as Proctor, the effortlessly
charismatic Neeson subtly delineates a man's moral evolution, as Proctor moves
from casual scorn for the proceedings to outrage to soul-stricken despair as his
attempts to fight for justice are systematically denied and then used against
him. Perhaps the finest aspect of Neeson's performance is its admirable
restraint: He never insists on Proctor's nobility, even when Miller hands him
the material for that kind of grandstanding; he accentuates instead the man's
bewildered, increasingly desperate attempts to avoid his martyrdom. Laura Linney
gives a likewise restrained but deeply felt performance as Elizabeth, whose
integrity is inextricably and tragically linked to strict control of her
emotions.

Among the smaller roles, the Tituba of Patrice Johnson makes a searing
impression in the play's first scene, when this powerless servant is forced to
fabricate fantastical tales of trafficking with the devil to save her skin.
Angela Bettis has a furtive, scary self-possession as Abigail Williams, the
comely young woman who points the finger of demonic frolicking at Elizabeth out
of sexual jealousy. As the Proctors' servant Mary Warren, Jennifer Carpenter
touchingly illustrates how a shallow but essentially good girl can be
manipulated in the service of destruction by a stronger one.

The scene in which Mary tries to recant her testimony and is cowed when her
former cohorts turn their accusations against her is creepy and powerful --- but
also a bit exasperating. Miller's play is a troublesome one for contemporary
audiences, who sometimes can be heard snorting at the gullibility --- or
outright mendacity --- of the authorities rendering judgment in these trials.
(Does no one get suspicious when Abigail's itchy finger of accusation falls on
her latest accuser?)

These include Deputy Gov. Danforth, played by Brian Murray, and Rev. Parris,
played by Christopher Evan Welch. Murray's Danforth is such a flagrantly
unctuous hypocrite that some of his more high-handed protestations --- "The pure
in heart need no lawyer," for instance --- are greeted with guffaws. An actor of
firm gravity might have made Danforth into a figure of more ambiguity: a deluded
man but one driven by real convictions. And Welch's Parris, credibly a man on
the verge of hysteria in the play's opening scene, has almost resorted to
mustache-twirling by the time of the trials.

Casting that went against the poisonous grain of these characters might have
rectified some of the problem (and it might have been wise to clothe Danforth in
something other than a veritable witch's cape and hat in the last scene), but
really the fault is in the structure of the play, which rubs our noses in the
uprightness of Proctor and the nefariousness of his accusers to such a degree
that at times the proceedings lose the power to move, anger and terrify us and
instead merely begin to irritate. (John Benjamin Hickey gives a solid
performance as Rev. Hale, the only figure to move from black to white, but the
character is written rather patly.)

That's a painful deficiency, because the lessons of the play are still relevant
--- indeed, ever relevant. The uproar surrounding Bill Maher's comments relating
to the terrorist attacks, for example, instantly springs to mind as we watch
Proctor and his allies being punished for daring to question the authority of
the tribunal, or voicing their disbelief in the existence of witches. And
references to "the voice of heaven speaking through the children" can't help but
remind you of the dismayingly similar hysteria surrounding the supposed epidemic
of Satanic child abuse several years back, which destroyed the lives of many
teachers and caretakers.

But theater is always in danger of forsaking the power to affect us deeply when
we can neatly transcribe the points being made, even if they fuel lively
post-theater discussion. This production honors both the letter and the spirit
of Miller's text --- notwithstanding a misguided, calamitous final coup de
theatre --- but there's a prickly irony in the result: A play about the dangers
of hysteria that feeds on doctrinaire religion feels uncomfortably like a very
long, very eloquent sermon.

ORIGINAL CREDITS


Kermit Bloomgarden production of drama in prolog and three acts by Arthur
Miller. Staged by Jed Harris; scenery, Boris Aronson; costumes, Edith Lutyens.
At Martin Beck, N.Y., Jan. 22, '53; $ 4.80 top ($ 6 Friday, Saturday nights and
opening).

Betty Parris .... Janet Alexander

Tibuta .... Jacqueline Andre

Rev. Samuel Parris .... Fred Stewart

Abigail Williams .... Madeleine Sherwood

Susanna Wallcott .... Barbara Stanton

Mrs. Ann Putnam .... Jane Hoffman

Thomas Putnam .... Raymond Bramley

Mercy Lewis .... Dorothy Jolliffe

Mary Warren .... Jenny Egan

John Proctor .... Arthur Kennedy

Rebecca Nurse .... Jean Adair

Giles Corey .... Joseph Sweeney

Rev. John Hale .... E.G. Marshall

Elizabeth Proctor .... Beatrice Straight

Francis Nurse .... Graham Velsey

Ezekiel Cheever .... Don McHenry

John Willard .... George Mitchell

Judge Hawthorne .... Philip Coolidge

Deputy-Gov. Danforth .... Walter Hampden

Sarah Good .... Adele Fortin

Hopkins .... Donald Marye

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 2002 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 7, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

HOME VIDEO;
'Medium Cool' Retains the Heat

BYLINE:  By Peter M. Nichols

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 5; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
26

LENGTH: 508 words


Year-end "best" lists are sprouting, but few shuffle the deck like the annual
collection of bests put together by Facets Video, a Chicago chain and mail-order
distributor (800-331-6197). Facets lists all-time bests, not just annual bests,
and puts them into catchy categories: best director's cuts, best restored films,
best British television shows, best films directed by women. This year Facets'
60-page bests catalog, drawn from its main catalog of around 40,000 titles, has
32 lists, among them the 17 best pacifist films. Roberto Benigni's "Life Is
Beautiful" is there, along with Richard Attenborough's "Gandhi" and Sergei
Bodrov's "Prisoner of the Mountains." Also included are John Huston's banned
documentary "Let There Be Light," about the psychiatric treatment of traumatized
World War II veterans, and Spike Lee's "Four Little Girls," about the bombing of
a black Baptist church in Alabama.

Not listed, but with a core of fans who would rank it in such company, is
Haskell Wexler's "Medium Cool," to be released on DVD Tuesday by Paramount. Set
in Chicago during the tumultuous 1968 Democratic National Convention, it's a
film with a curious dichotomy of styles and critical reactions. Mr. Wexler, a
distinguished cinematographer ("Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?," "Bound for
Glory," "In the Heat of the Night") with strong antiwar convictions, decided to
blend fact and fiction to make points about violence and the media's relation to
same.

The Vietnam War had flooded Chicago with protesters. With the convention
nearing, trouble was brewing. Mr. Wexler, also a documentarian, realized there
would be real events to film without the need to stage them. To that backdrop he
added his own fictional narrative about a desensitized television cameraman
named John (Robert Forster) who discovers a social conscience after falling in
love with Eileen (Verna Bloom), a woman from Appalachia who has migrated to the
city.

John is the kind of cameraman who covers an auto crash without much thought to
calling an ambulance. Shooting film is the object, not the condition of the
subject. "A typewriter doesn't care what's typed on it," a fellow cameraman says
at a cocktail party.

The film takes issue with that sentiment, or lack of it, and goes on to indict
media and corporate callousness and venality. How well fictional narrative
grafts to documentary is arguable. Some critics raved, but reaction was mixed.
"Wexler's fictional story and the facts never mix with any sense of conviction,"
Vincent Canby wrote in The New York Times. "They are constantly separating so
that one has the feeling Wexler has done just what he did."

Nevertheless, it is startling to see Eileen wandering into a melee of protesters
and club-swinging police officers and realize that Mr. Wexler sent Ms. Bloom
into the real-life fray without knowing what would happen.

"It was kind of cruel in a way," he said the other day, adding that he wanted
the shot but certainly not at any expense. "She was a friend, a good woman," he
said. "And she was in danger."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              994 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 23, 2005 Saturday

CRIME BOOKS

BYLINE: MARGARET CANNON

SECTION: BOOK REVIEW; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 1433 words


Crusader's Cross, by James Lee Burke, Simon & Schuster, 325 pages, $35.50

There are perhaps a dozen great crime writers in America. Of that group, only
two or three deserve to be called masters. Elmore Leonard and James Lee Burke
head that tiny list. Burke, now almost 70, long ago passed out of the genre
label and into literature. No serious student of southern American writing can
ignore his brilliant and lyrical stories of the history, language, codes and
castes of the U.S. South.

Burke never resorts to the clichés of moonlight and magnolias. His detective,
Dave Robicheaux, is aging, watching the South he loves being transformed into
something he barely recognizes. He has buried two wives, loved many women and
kept the faith with his friends.

In Crusader's Cross, Burke's 14th Robicheaux story, Dave is once again searching
for the key to someone else's life and hoping to find the key to his own. The
novel begins in 1958, in Texas; Dave and his brother Jimmie are in Galveston, a
weekend away from their summer jobs in the swamps. There, they meet a young
woman named Ida Durbin. Jimmie is smitten; he searches for her on succeeding
trips. Dave, a detective even then, discovers that Ida is a prostitute. Jimmie
doesn't care. He's going to save her from all that. But Ida disappears, and Dave
and Jimmie go back to New Iberia, La., to continue their lives. Jimmie never
forgets her and never marries anyone else.

From that haunting opening, the story cuts to present-day New Iberia. Dave
Robicheaux is in retirement. Bootsie is dead, and he misses her every day. He is
dogged by ghosts: Bootsie; his second wife, Annie, who was murdered; men he
killed in Vietnam. There are other events from his past, unspoken and
unforgotten.

Then the sheriff asks him, as a favour, to assist in the investigation of what
appears to be a serial killer. That takes Robicheaux into an examination of his
present and his past, which pushes him back to alcohol and a blackout. During
that time, he goes to confront a man, and that man turns up dead. Of all the
hells Robicheaux has survived, this one may be the worst.

This isn't the greatest of the Robicheaux novels. I believe that In the Electric
Neon Mist, With the Confederate Dead and Black Cherry Blues are tied for that
position. But it is a beautifully written, spellbinding novel about one man's
struggle to maintain his honour in a fallen world, and it succeeds by taking us
into his very heart.

Brandenburg, by Henry Porter, Orion, 436 pages, $24.95

Remember the Stasi? It's been 15 years since the Berlin Wall was ripped down and
the Soviet Union and its satellite states crumbled. As we consider the new
unified Germany, it seems in bad taste to remember the brutality and venality of
the East German secret police, their detailed dossiers, their infiltrators,
thugs and spies, their records of torture and murder. That's the world Henry
Porter reconstructs for us in this gripping spy novel, which is every bit as
good as anything John le Carré has ever written.

The time is 1989, just months before the end of East Germany. Dr. Rudi
Rosenharte, former double agent, is dragged back to espionage. The Stasi has his
brother, Konrad, in prison, and Rosenharte will make whatever deal he must to
save Konrad's life. That means entering into deals with everyone from the
Russians to the CIA and MI6, in a plot that's far too complex to outline here,
and far too good for anyone to miss.

Porter is a gifted writer who knows exactly how to put us into the action, and
he's steeped in the kind of details that make a story work. As East Germany
collapses, one man is out to do what he can to preserve what he cares about.
This is a great spy novel, and a wonderful reminder of just how important 1989
was.

The Twelfth Card, by Jeffery Deaver, Simon & Schuster, 416 pages, $35.50

Fans of the Lincoln Rhyme series are going to be a bit nonplussed by this book.
Despite a fast start, it's much slower than usual, and there's more personal
backstory than usual. Furthermore, it's a whydunit instead of a whodunit. That
said, it's a really good book, and deserves the careful reading its plot
demands.

The story begins with a terrified black man running through the streets of New
York. His name is Charles Singleton, and he is running for his life. It is 1868,
and he is accused of a heinous crime.

But the account we are reading is 140 years old, and our "eye" on this event is
a 16-year-old girl named Geneva Settle. She is lives in a Harlem housing project
and is working on a term paper about her ancestor. She is also marked for death
by Thompson Boyd, a criminal psychopath who kills like other people chew gum. We
are never in doubt about who is after Geneva. The mystery is why.

The question is presented to Lincoln Rhyme and his assistant, Amelia Sachs, and
it brings us to one of Deaver's most devious plots. The action takes place over
two days, as Rhyme and Sachs try to find the connection between Charles
Singleton, Thompson Boyd and Geneva Settle.

Thaw, by Nicole Lundrigan, Jesperson, 339 pages, $19.95

One of the major pleasures of this excellent novel is reading it aloud.
Lundrigan, born in Newfoundland, gets the dialect just right. The language rolls
and roils along, taking us with it. It's a slow and stately story, told in a
unique voice.

Lundrigan takes us right into the centre of an outport town called Cupboard
Cove, where, a long time ago, a terrible event occurred. She begins with a
prologue that sets it all up: A pregnant woman, caught in a blizzard, gives
birth on the street. An old outport legend is recalled, and the story switches
to 1972 and the awakening of a 14-year-old boy named Tilly Gover.

A wealthy painter has arrived in Cupboard Cove, and the village is agog. That
arrival sets in motion once again events that started long ago, back when that
child was born on the street. Lundrigan is not one of those writers who has the
bodies drop by page 12. She takes her time, carefully sets up the characters and
the setting, and lets us understand the events.

This isn't a typical murder mystery, but those who read her previous book,
Unravelling Arva, know that Lundrigan is talented at telling a story through a
child character, and Tilly Gover's tale is wonderful, musical and often
laugh-out-loud funny.

Hitler's Peace, by Philip Kerr, Putnam, 448 pages, $38

Philip Kerr is one of British crime writing's most uneven authors, and the
critics have not been kind to him. Still, one has to admit he takes chances.
Turning a "smart building" into a killer and reconstructing the world of Sir
Isaac Newton are not tasks for the faint-of-heart writer. And if he had never
written another book, the Berlin Noir trilogy and A Philosophical Investigation
would have insured his reputation.

It is, however, a pleasure to report that Hitler's Peace, a really fine novel of
murder and espionage, takes him back to a time and place that seem to be natural
for him.

The central character is Willard Mayer, former philosophy professor at Princeton
and, in 1943, a Russian specialist in the OSS. Mayer is a quintessential Kerr
character: cynical, smart, a vexed womanizer and a closet communist. It is his
destiny to become an adviser to FDR at the Teheran Conference with Stalin and
Churchill. Through Kerr's fictional sleight of hand, he's also about to come
face-to-face with Adolf Hitler.

Kerr is a master of the creation of place, and his reconstruction of the
paranoid world of the Third Reich in 1943, when everyone knows the war is lost,
is wonderful.

This is a slow-moving book, but murders happen and detection takes place, even
in the midst of total war.

Lost, by Michael Robotham, Time Warner, 400 pages, $32

This is a second novel by the author of The Suspect, and it's simply terrific.
If you haven't already discovered Robotham, one of Britain's best new authors,
now's the time.

The central character is Detective Inspector Vincent Ruiz, who's found, as the
story opens, clutching a buoy in the middle of the Thames. He's got a bullet in
his leg and the picture of a child in his pocket, and there's a blood-drenched
boat somewhere behind him. The last thing he remembers is ordering a pizza.

Is it possible for him to have killed one or more people? If so, the reason must
lie in the photo, a picture of a child named Mickey Carlyle, who's presumed
dead; a man is in prison for the crime. As Ruiz faces an investigation by his
own force, he must reconstruct his missing memory and find out what he was doing
on the river, and what it all has to do with the long-missing child.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 2, 1989, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

WHAT A COINCIDENCE! HIS NAME IS RAPPAPORT

BYLINE: William Safire

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 920 words


WASHINGTON Remember the sultan of Brunei's misplaced $10 million during the
Iran-Contra investigation? Ollie North, seeking funds for the Contras, told
Elliott Abrams at the State Department the number of a Credit Suisse bank
account. Abrams then went to the sultan and asked for loose change.  But
somebody got the account number wrong - 368 instead of 386 - and the sultan's 10
very big ones went to a surprised, unidentified Swiss businessman, who said he
thought he had it coming from some other source, which was why he immediately
switched it to another account. Ultimately, the $10 million was returned with
interest to the sultan, and we all chuckled about how our NSC gang just couldn't
shoot straight.  Switch the scene to federal court in New York City, where E.
Robert Wallach, Ed Meese's longtime friend, is charged in the Wedtech case with
extracting a half-million dollars from the company for supposedly influencing
the attorney general.  My interest is in a charge for which Wallach was never
indicted. On May 21, 1985, he was retained by the Swiss financier Bruce
Rappaport to get Reagan administration support for a proposed billion-dollar
Iraqi pipeline. The idea was to obtain Israel's guarantee not to bomb the
pipeline. Wallach took this legitimate proposal to his friend the attorney
general, who turned it over to the national security adviser, Bud McFarlane,
then up to his hips in the arms-for-hostages swap with Iran.  In June of 1985,
Rappaport was brought into the White House by Wallach and met McFarlane and NSC
staff. Let's remember that: Bruce Rappaport was personally received at the NSC
as a good guy, a friend of friendlies.  Embarrassingly for all, Wallach wrote a
memo on Sept. 25, 1985, to Meese to the effect that his client was going to
steer part of his profits ''directly'' to Israel's Labor Party, headed by Shimon
Peres, to whom Rappaport was as close as Wallach was to Meese. Peres credibly
blasted this imputation of party bribery as untrue and Rappaport denied it as
well to U.S. investigators.  The Wallach memo was deemed uncorroborated hearsay
and the matter was dropped.  Besides, after Bud McFarlane quit, Adm. John
Poindexter shot the pipeline deal down, and in 1986 Rappaport fired Wallach.
Now switch back to the hilarious ''$10 million misunderstanding.'' A U.S.
official recently learned from Swiss government authorities that the person in
whose account the money for the Contras was ''mistakenly'' deposited, and who
switched it quickly into another of his accounts, was thought to be Bruce
Rappaport. What a coincidence.  Of all the numbered accounts at Credit Suisse,
the one that turned up as the inadvertent recipient of $10 million directed by
the NSC was the one belonging to a man close to the Peres group in Israel
working with McFarlane to arrange an arms-for-hostages trade, who happened to be
visiting the NSC staff only the year before.  I cannot be certain that Rappaport
was the recipient of the sultan's $10 million. Could be the Swiss officials are
mistaken. I do know the Department of State has notified the General Accounting
Office, the special prosecutor and other interested parties that previous
assurances may have been unintentionally misleading, that new information has
come in that Rappaport is said to have been the recipient, which suggests that
the $10 million transfer may not have been to the wrong account.  The lesson in
this apparent new connectedness of insidership is never to let an assumption of
stupidity overwhelm your suspicion of venality.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              996 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             April 6, 2002 Saturday

Ready for his close-up

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 699 words


OF the many loopy things about Hollywood, one of the loopiest is the role of
stylists.

They are paid tons to make the beautiful look bad.

At the Emperor's New Oscars, a pride of the world's most dazzling women came in
dreadful get-ups.

Trusted stylists had trussed Gwyneth, Jennifer, J-Lo, Cameron and Company in
ghastly gowns, bedecked them with gloppy jewelry and laid waste to their locks.

"What were they thinking?" People magazine keened about the nightmarish dream
vessels. "Where were their mirrors?"

A commentator on E! said Paltrow's rouched bodice looked as if it were stuffed
with chicken cutlets. Entertainment Weekly's Jim Mullen pointed out: "If a dress
can make Gwyneth Paltrow look fat and dumpy, imagine what it can do for you."

And there was surly Russell and his silly frock coat.

As Arthur Miller -- yes, that Arthur Miller -- writes in an essay in the beauty
magazine Allure this month, "Glamour is a bird that for dark and largely
unknowable reasons decides to light on this branch rather than another."

Hollywood is not a place that cares about Beautiful Minds. So you'd expect the
Beautiful Bodies to know how to package themselves to enhance glamour, not
obscure it.

In a Schadenfreude kind of way, it was comforting to see that all the free
Balenciagas and lent Harry Winstons, all the superior genes and supercilious
handlers can't guarantee style. You either have it or you don't. You can't
subcontract it out.

The fact that the studios now wage such expensive, vigorous campaigns to win
Oscars and undermine the competition confirms that they believe movie people are
malleable and impressionable and can't think for themselves, much less dress
themselves. This city of sheep has just lost a fox who looked, as the New Yorker
said, like "a libidinous owl."

In an entertainment capital more and more dependent on sequels and remakes and
imitations and focus groups, Billy Wilder was an original.

"I just always think, 'Do I like it?' And if I like it, maybe other people will
come and like it, too," he told Cameron Crowe. "I never go with the wave, you
know."

The ill-fated illusions of the groveling stylists, the greed, venality and
sanctimoniousness of the Oscar smear campaign -- these were just the kinds of
things that Wilder, the brilliant Austro-Hungarian director, delighted in
satirizing.

"Wilder was the last big director who was a quirky individualist -- he'd bite
any hand that fed him," said David Freeman, a Hollywood writer who did a 1993
New Yorker profile on Wilder. "Now directors and producers are cautious, putting
out hopelessly neutered, bland, timid movies."

Hollywood is afraid now to make movies like Wilder's: lacerating, grown-up and
unsentimental.

Although he came to America from Berlin as a victim in 1934, fleeing the Nazis
who would later kill his mother in Auschwitz, his work was free of victimhood
and lip-biting and pain-sharing and emotional goop.

From "Double Indemnity" to "The Lost Weekend," "Sunset Boulevard" to "Ace in the
Hole" and "Stalag 17," "Witness for the Prosecution" to "The Apartment" and
"One, Two, Three," his movies were worldly and smart, with bright dialogue and
dark characters. His work stands, Crowe wrote, "as a portrait of the way people
are."

The acerbic, witty Wilder began working as a dance gigolo in Berlin and writing
about it, and he ended up as an out-of-work director in a town that worships
youth above talent. He always relished the spectacle of idiocy, self-betrayal
and moral ambiguity. He savored characters, as Marilyn Monroe's Sugar said in
"Some Like It Hot," who got the fuzzy end of the lollipop. Nobody's perfect, but
that movie was.

EVEN at 95, the director, who helped write his idol Ernst Lubitsch's "Ninotchka"
and who made "Sabrina," had the style and taste that young celebrity stylists
lack.

In a culture of self-promotion, he didn't own prints or tapes of his movies, and
he scorned words like "film," "cinema" and "auteur."

Even though the movie business wouldn't give him a job for the last 20 years of
his life, Billy Wilder was always big. It's Hollywood that got small.

Maureen Dowd writes for the New York Times.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
